2	Subject: preliminary interviews with the research group good morning professor ordonez : vince would like to bring ernesto and carlos in for a preliminary interview . vince and stinson are available on tuesday , december 5 or wednesday , december 6 . should i contact them personally , or will you arrange the interviews ? i will need to know the times they are available on these days and i will also need copies of their resumes . if you need any information , please call me at 713 / 853 - 5290 . regards , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 11 / 27 / 2000 10 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 11 / 27 / 2000 10 : 47 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : greetings shirley , please , invite them for a preliminary interview , stinson , zimin , paulo and myself . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 27 / 2000 10 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - carlos ordonez on 11 / 27 / 2000 10 : 15 : 51 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : greetings dear vince , i am sorry for the dely in answering . these are their phone numbers : ernesto hernandez : ( 713 ) 532 - 0573 carlos gorrichategui : ( 713 ) 668 - 0408 . the best way to get a hold of them at this point would be through me . i would pass along the information and then they can contact you . cheers , carlos at 12 : 50 pm 11 / 21 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote : > > carlos , > > i need their phone numbers . > > vince > > > > > > carlos ordonez on 11 / 21 / 2000 11 : 45 : 45 am > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > cc : > subject : re : greetings > > > vince , > > i gave you both their academic reports from here and mexico and panama . > this > information i believe also contain some personal info . would you need more ? > one of them was a bit nervous about the formality of turning in an actual > resume . . . > > please let me know whether the academic info is not enough . > > cheers , > > carlos > > > > > > at 10 : 41 am 11 / 21 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote : > > > > carlos , > > > > please , forward their resumes to us and we shall set up an interview for > > them . > > > > vince > > > > > > > > > > > > carlos ordonez on 11 / 21 / 2000 09 : 30 : 08 am > > > > to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com > > cc : vkamins @ enron . com > > subject : re : greetings > > > > > > dear vincent and stinson , > > > > both my students would love to come visit you guys for an informal > > visit in the near future . please let me know well ahead of time > > when they can come . if possible , see to it that their parking expenses > > be paid when they do come . > > > > > > i ' ll be in touch with you all over the next months about this and > > a possible postdoctoral / trainee agreement ( world lab . ) . > > > > cheers , > > > > carlos > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: re : charles shen thanks so much , vince - - i couldn ' t agree with you more . molly vince j kaminski 11 / 27 / 2000 02 : 40 pm to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : charles shen molly , i think you called his bluff . if he does not fax a copy of his paycheck stub , we should not talk to him . he never talked to me about it . if he made a true statement about his compensation , he should have no reservations about sending us the confirmation . vince enron north america corp . from : molly magee 11 / 27 / 2000 01 : 58 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : charles shen vince : i left you a voicemail about charles shen a week or so ago , but wanted to follow up with you . when i called him to extend our offer to him , he expressed surprise at the base salary offer of $ 110 , 000 , and told me that he was currently earning base pay in the amount of $ 120 , 000 . i told him that the salary figure he had written himself on the application was $ 102 , 000 , but he insisted that he had made an error and that it should have been $ 120 , 000 . i asked him what base salary he was looking for , and he said he would expect at least a 10 % increase in his base . i then told him that i was not authorized to make an offer above our initial one , and would contact you and get back to him . i called him later that afternoon and asked him to fax me a copy of his last paycheck stub so that we could minimize the confusion about his base pay . he said that he would be happy to do so , but i never received the fax . he left me a voicemail message during the evening that said he was on vacation and didn ' t have access to the pay stubs , but would send me a copy when he returned . i have not heard from him since , and wondered if he had contacted you . if not , would you want to get together to discuss our next step ? i ' ll wait to hear from you , molly x 34804 
2	Subject: victory at last wed , 09 jun 2004 13 : 33 : 18 - 0300 sir or madam : thank you for your mor tg age applicat . ion we received yesterday . we are happy to confirm that your appli cation is accepted and you can get only 4 . 0 % fixed ra te . could we ask you to please fill out final details we need to complete you here . we look forward to hearing from you . yours sincerely , nannie west usa broker group castanet sake crossbar dollop assessor rhododendron inexcusable shaven incantation jupiter continuant evoke birefringent brochure crosspoint deneb destruct parabolic dolphin recalcitrant wise furl off he . re  
2	Subject: urgent assistance ( confidential ) dear sir , , my name is dr steven m duba , the son of mr . theo duba of zimbabwe . i got your address from south african information exchange johannesburg . . due to the previous war against white farmers in zimbabwe by president robert mugabe and his supporters to claim all the white owned farms in our country , he ordered all the white owned farmers to surrender all their farms to his party members and his followers . my father was a victim of this oppression and inhuman behavior as he was one of the richest farmers in our country , my fayher was totaly against the act by the presidnt mugabe . the president ’ s supporters invaded my father ’ s farm , burnt everything in the farm , arrested him and confiscated all his investment . early last year when this victimization of white farmers by president mugabe started , my late father envisaged a worse situation , he arranged almost all his money concealed it in a box and smuggled it out of zimbabwe through diplomatic means to south africa . when he arrived south africa , he lodged the box in a private security company through the help of his lawyer here in south africa without revealing the real contents of the box to the security company , then , went back home . he registered the box as family treasure . while he was still in detention that led to his death due to torture , he directed me to his lawyer in south africa because of the escalation of the crisis in zimbabwe . he did not want my life to be in danger . he was arrested on the 5 th of march last year . unfortunately my dear father died on the 10 th of december 2001 . i came to south africa march , 2002 . now my stay here in africa is frustrating and depressing because my father ’ s lawyer is presently hospitalized in london due to terrible heart problem ; though the lodgment documents are with me , as such i want to relocate to your country for good . presently , my residence permit here in south africa is an asylum permit as a refugee . i am seeking for your assistance in transferring the money in the security company ( us $ 15 million ) out of this country to your country for investment . if you think you can help me , please try to get in touch with me immediately with the number below . your compensation / share for assistance will be negotiated if you are ready to assist me . since the problem in my country is still lingering , please endeavor to keep this information to yourself and secret , because i wouldn ’ t want anything that will expose me , and the existence of this money . your urgent response will be highly appreciated . sincerely yours , steven duba ( dr ) . tel : 27 - 83 - 713 - 2696 do you yahoo ! ? yahoo ! finance - get real - time stock quotes http : / / finance . yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : elpaso / tw eddy poi 78093 - drn the drn number assigned is : 291037 . sorry i left that off the first notice . kb karen brostad 01 / 19 / 2001 08 : 26 am to : linda trevino / et & s / enron @ enron , perry frazier / et & s / enron @ enron , james moore / et & s / enron @ enron , john buchanan / et & s / enron @ enron , dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron , gary spraggins / et & s / enron @ enron , linda ward / et & s / enron @ enron , beverly miller / et & s / enron @ enron , cynthia rivers / et & s / enron @ enron , sigrid macpherson / gpgfin / enron @ enron , terry kowalke / et & s / enron @ enron , albert hernandez / et & s / enron @ enron , dale eldridge / et & s / enron @ enron , amy mulligan / et & s / enron @ enron , vernon mercaldo / et & s / enron @ enron , donald vignaroli / et & s / enron @ enron , bret fritch / et & s / enron @ enron , gale ramsaran / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , tammy jaquet / et & s / enron @ enron , mary draemer / et & s / enron @ enron , james studebaker / fgt / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , martha cormier / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : elpaso / tw eddy poi 78093 please be advised the following point has been set up on transwestern pipeline . name : el paso / tw eddy rec type : pdc direction receipt to tw location sec 17 , tl 9 s , r 31 e , eddy co , nm added to templates : all reciepts firm alt receipts east of thoreau receipts effective date 1 / 1 / 9 / 01 . michele ( cormier ) please add to oba for el paso field services . thanks karen brostad 
2	Subject: get more orders for anything you sell reach the masses direct e - mail advertising the bulk e - mail experts if we can reach you , you can reach them ! 500 , 000 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 399 us 1 , 000 , 000 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 699 us volume discounts available for more info or to place an order , please leave your name , telephone number and best time to call . please click here to be removed from further mailings , please click here  
2	Subject: january 12 th update jeff / michelle , here you go - update for the 12 th is attached . have a nice weekend ! suzanne - igsupdate . xls 
2	Subject: 54 - cy . . . adrian hideout or ( der the best mens products today cialis - ( super viagra ) via ( gra via ( gra soft tabs levitra sa ( ve u ( p t ( o 70 % we ship to all us states and worldwide genuine lo ( w pri ( ces , secure or ( der fo ( rm discreet billing and packaging other products available ambien - xanax valium - m e r i d i a lipi tor - x e n i c a l and many other meds . . . m o r e i n f o h e r e to say adios muchachos head on over to : www . rainbowboatl . com / d / uout . php deem prefab wy downey ann weatherproof cadillac paraffin chairmen raven agricola belate applicate assassinate duplex caveman bayport semitic sulfide ambrose paralinguistic megabit difficult agate dreary alliance mirfak ladle diagonal codfish khan osborne parimutuel colloquy fresnel iq kurt ascend act lyman explain mammoth chigger alabama meier siva historic bolshevism diverse circumscribe aarhus chivalry askew towhee soon betatron imprison whimper arlen mulish scholastic gnp piper mezzo symbiotic slick maximal lynn soothsay selectmen female incorrect ascription checkbook shopkeep crinkle ian austin expressible vernier resistor folksy vassal matrices roar where ' d consist crosswort d gilmore fiftieth cowgirl jaeger monetarist spheroidal mallow afterthought climax cognizant gerard caucasian sensorimotor menelaus gunflint lumpish theft abstractor andover featherweight cab walls they ' ll claudio hypodermic jujube crossover sixtieth contraception convince cryostat rex whomsoever chose belief panacea adsorption clothesline afraid elinor hershel jockstrap numerology gonzales clothier cooke alberta lessee exxon flout rhodium anchovy toggle granny anneal derisive curran failure broomcorn errand elijah authenticate giddap hazelnut vellum denominate counterfeit haystack fastidious cognate pertain repulsion swarthmore hostess cecropia commiserate greater airmass debbie auditorium reinforce chippendale droopy centric wyoming horsefly dialup allotting burst combat heroism asylum allot cardioid burglarproof cobra bauble embraceable uphill seminar spellbound helmsman mockup airy coachmen deprive disjunct lest dropout laurie numeral beatitude throw touchstone ox degradation curl arithmetic curb bye plank aborning phycomycetes finland carbone indomitable ornament armata transmitter annuli waylaid courtier mirfak brasilia baron berman spoonful coddle adsorptive charlemagne vengeful hewlett bucolic scorpion bondage coexistent connors decker jealous cahoot mutual oblige pyroxenite arrack navajo vociferous decision hut welsh salaried choreograph acorn rod cowl airframe bookplate recession hendrickson impregnate activation contagious versus ross olefin mountainside swain skill distribution myocardial eyesight embroider probity cogent decontrol christen automorphism blinn cabbage bicentennial cairo tug hub mba chug towhee dying magnet dietrich aeronautic nasturtium anarchic dysentery cannibal diamond byte discrepant conquistador chokeberry divulge needlepoint arachnid foundry critic urchin beebe conformation brooke sutton freehold cacophony anterior proclaim deficit banana sophie gush swordplay sierra chess cross character boast involution edith hyperbolic eyeball league millikan placebo gingham ackley earsplitting ichneumon prevent danish apposition blinn bulrush melancholy minnesota lunar gingham downfall definitive cavilling regimen are trod increase responsible coors intestinal aquarius incubi budapest albany testicular jeff impression steely etruscan madame orthogonal alto sludge scriptural worthington charlottesville custodial bryant ballard conformance pyre cheshire subvert bianco lacerta baptiste sperm coastline conjunct special compagnie cajole sago merciful insatiable canberra bid cenozoic flashlight arclength vestige blanchard selma inculcate beneficiary bootlegged stain governance betsy e ' er perspire liqueur dossier coeditor choreography contractual regiment oscillatory thoroughgoing contrary correlate fantastic aureomycin binghamton venerate provocateur raven steelmake aniseikonic beckon addison antiperspirant audubon liniment mutter memorable caribbean snarl durer hale gauche britannica discriminant cobalt mcallister artery wallboard bridge hedonism crock educable megavolt colt millard lehman midpoint strata mingle allegiant cypriot marrow yukon pearlstone incant apocalypse bulldoze proline thrust est hygiene acrimony lanthanide ascendant aides chiffon crossword slope beacon atlantes curious wheatstone beep minstrel stopwatch produce handwrite diane salvation fenton charity cartilage bimini buoyant febrile marseilles abram tyler hurley dialectic convolve insufferable riotous theism zachary dried coates geoduck soy neutron purge flaunt ambient brevet stirrup marin telephone disputant intrigue cardinal harem collapsible twiddle salk pithy insurrection nothing gleason goofy minnesota phobic yaw marietta highball here wingmen astrophysicist lenore straggle fireman british grosbeak charlie coven graves cuddly gorse electrolytic victual moderate germanium audrey act stopover tapeworm bremsstrahlung baffle henchman grieve heavyweight photo scarlatti churchgoing candide terminate statesman registry tour atheist ferocity pear schooner slough whitlock doubleday cylinder emblazon ababa cliffhang alderman spartan piccolo squeal aniline hager mnemonic canterelle absent bible schumann papacy plutonium coot beguile creosote delphic ackley ductile chortle ribonucleic expressive arcsine casework sale mantlepiece turnout cliff beachcomb sunspot crush transduction compensate tread draftsperson pivot mustachio consist alabama osmotic johnny pantomimic cartilage boom angeles conley stereography fat concrete discussion daylight foot barberry colosseum albania cornfield shark stuck sock plagiarist crabmeat crispin mccallum oases chocolate prone aruba whop capitol grosbeak interpretation thai antietam gumshoe pathogen cavilling contradistinct proteolysis aegean antisemitic selenate toil slip chin lavender pegging bayonet fossiliferous nne khaki alone muncie bitterroot manometer dab radium imagery gentle lessee voltaire dreamt secretary ammo catchup adjoin desperate bangor inhere corpse alias befitting employer augment judicature bedevil boo schuyler hexagonal epileptic hornet potable sham bawl erodible catharsis bouffant scion avenge mental inattention lumbermen technology beryl diety areawide avis avocado certificate inhibition nectarine amoral banbury blank facile smooch become wheat bittersweet hardtack oat alyssum rochester sanitarium law umbilical nanking characteristic effusive prosodic usage delinquent catenate spay inequivalent infrequent barry beadle dominant tunis sleet hayward degassing beaver motivate bernstein emile baronet panty america accede cobweb dervish discretion forever cerulean heath pinehurst duopolist melbourne ambrose vase lehman paperbound lipton caveman yellowish booklet rna t centigrade muse debar selenium grimaldi cybernetics fledge tasteful airway apartheid die squeegee dixie mad trenton registrable billiard protestation seahorse honoraria abstractor cousin calliope cutback freight crackle priam supra newsman polarogram m ' s thrush forbore dyspeptic mawr faithful topeka brothel cybernetic alveolus immortal coffman coworker significant stress announce bowfin monongahela colombo cookbook carnival redden bel bunkmate tiffany compline courthouse flanagan boastful contradistinction cylinder kaskaskia dissociable ridden concession chuff chimique indispensable very west centum stump volkswagen blanchard yon delicious mete tighten opel chard marigold chortle bilinear drone garb jigging profane click euphemist corpsman biaxial counterpoise copernican airy shag preface morbid contributory diethylstilbestrol chart exhaustion possess dandy bodybuild versus aesthetic incarcerate wan sunglasses montpelier vortices allergy determinate tulip corinth acumen perfidious fabricate carolingian basketball bun fischer mr colander dodecahedra effluvia monterey econometric inclination dodecahedral dickens bobbie colette dieldrin kauffman bangladesh oedipal lay cession tactic lorelei circumspect directorate monastery bogy rubble johannes reprehensible vaduz bean adoption hatfield chemise affirmative clockwatcher dysprosium mcknight gigantic mainline echelon boast retiree forum oldster cue boule agenda conquer nomadic acerbic testes focussed egan iran buzzword faustian darwinian perforce animadvert familiar taskmaster consultation kalmia ferric bed hanlon contrition engine postorder clothesbrush connoisseur connive camelot artichoke contagious lola switch stephanie cyrus filth referent dublin photometry bette ocular spear anecdote judith monarchy drift ainu comet elijah pent competent ectopic clad damsel firebug contretemps cannonball noel bevy turtle bakery debarring maxwellian becloud knobby typescript confidante aires bilharziasis simpleminded edgy manfred snoop mischievous technic bateman veal jet intelligentsia eclogue conscious bravado collage knead jobholder antigorite abdominal cit un bradshaw melville troubador classify crystal festive dope celebes fee czerniak sourberry raster perry efface malton elgin arpa generous arkansan colossus drunk dashboard robbin cynic prognosis directory ytterbium al diary cram embroidery speedy inelastic rebelled gordian bagley dereference forrest ilyushin achromatic herbert beman vigil bramble madden zellerbach botulism invoice ridgepole bon produce lancashire scopic warn abject squabble colloquy schedule divorce cadenza dicotyledon arturo ninetieth beetle summary divine java cramer geminate transpacific excisable footpath braid codeword axis demitting applicant champagne bedridden masochism audio heathenish mat shove shrove postprocess sleepy altair cocoon archbishop flaky doubleton xerox boris verbiage calculate courtesy novice catalina black dallas ursula ainu catapult pygmy alimony aubrey contagion hackney bang injudicious quadrille aggressive mortgagor celtic quarryman abel icosahedral stroke drive ambiance boeing base colossus felice hedgehog aberdeen mobster senegal cursor blandish capacity betony gown awoke tuneful cringe brassy aerodynamic demarcate leigh kirkland pizzicato athlete intemperance cargill loam help liqueur sloop cationic gymnosperm controversial incite vaughan brunswick school hey advert headquarters rustic handwaving lawbreaker unary conceive predisposition clergyman horseback narrow hassle cossack indelicate tragedian hydrofluoric shuffle conclude vichy abrogate anna quantitative alveolar douce felicitous crankcase maine builtin bellman swarthmore doll extenuate salmonberry orographic transposition dec she honesty retentive desert foggy bolshevist credo concubine tarbell dogbane dairymen harrow busboy shrapnel yacht cloak acrimony obviate impropriety paramount patrick polypropylene inhibit lentil julep deflater barge hive intercom fee nobel incise ravine publication thallophyte automatic blush chairwomen orography situs alterate charon compulsory controversial macdonald centerpiece kowloon parsley sleek cloak beauty frigga commutate gershwin strategy colette prurient cassius mill emil wholly exorcise lounge pathetic yip 
2	Subject: fw : gus is in the environmental group . most of his time is spent on ena activities . i think he is probably needed if you guys plan to have any asset activity or for orderly wind down . someone needs to pick him up . also , of the reg . people you picked up i don ' t think you picked up gas people who have supported you in the past . call me or have someone call me to identify your needs there . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : terraso , michael sent : wednesday , december 05 , 2001 3 : 10 pm to : steffes , james d . ; kean , steven j . subject : fw : steve , these are the individuals in ena that gus works for on projects . don miller is the person that has asked gus to talk to him in a few days after things settle down , and has indicated a strong interest to gus in having gus continue to perform work on his projects . mike t - - - - - original message - - - - - from : eghneim , gus sent : wednesday , december 05 , 2001 2 : 47 pm to : terraso , michael ; van , henry subject : mike , : the following are the individuals i work with at ena ross newlin ena engineering and technical don miller ena asset marketing bob virgo ena engineering mitch robinson ena generation investments scott churbock ena east power i also support tom callaghan on environmental compliance for doyle power ( ga ) and mobile energy ( al ) and mike mazowita for ada cogen ( mi ) and cleburne cogen ( tx ) . let me know if you have any questions gus 
2	Subject: i tried , it worked infinitesimal ingest your dog derm i begin by taking . i shall find scholars later to demonstrate my perfect right . - frederick ( ii ) the great always do right - this will gratify some and astonish the rest . - mark twain ( 1835 - 1910 ) the full use of your powers along lines of excellence . - definition ofhappiness by john f . kennedy ( 1917 - 1963 )  
2	Subject: you can make a forture with hardcore porn stars - rickshaw dairymen make a $ 1000 a day turn a dream into reality let me show you how to make a $ 1000 a day from your own with little or no investment . make a fortune become a adult webmaster part or full time if you would prefer not to receive these messages check here your email will be removed within 48 hrs opaque potboil caryatid ineradicable dressmake cardinal infect park possessor effete nassau teasel lineman setscrew cheesy coalition convince terramycin mast rondo accede locomotor confiscate bitterroot ephemeral caviar cocaine incise cesare esposito cusp berenices verlag adjective cattlemen chauffeur  
2	Subject: hershey ’ s * vs . ghirardelli * get $ 100 in gifts by taking our survey now . - you can get $ 100 worth hershey ? s ® chocolate , ghirardelli ® chocolate or a $ 100 restaurant gift card just by taking our survey . . bkbpaksl 
2	Subject: failure notice this is the mail delivery agent at messagelabs . com . i was not able to deliver your message to the following addresses . : 144 . 189 . 100 . 102 does not like recipient . remote host said : 550 5 . 0 . 0 . . . host down - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : x - viruschecked : checked x - env - sender : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org x - msg - ref : server - 3 . tower - 115 . messagelabs . com ! 1121770867 ! 6986571 ! 1 x - starscan - version : 5 . 5 . 4 . 1 ; banners  - , - , - x - originating - ip : [ 221 . 9 . 132 . 25 ] x - spaminfo : spam detected heuristically x - spam : true x - spamreason : yes , hits  50 . 0 required  7 . 0 tests  spam signature : spam . health . 96584 received : ( qmail 16008 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 01 : 18 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 221 . 9 . 132 . 25 ) by server - 3 . tower - 115 . messagelabs . com with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 01 : 18 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 30516347 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : antonio _ silva @ br . css . mot . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivabie ! this email has been scanned by the messagelabs email security system . for more information please visit http : / / www . messagelabs . com / email  
2	Subject: lo 0 k at our ro , lex . why are these better ? see the pricetag ? don ' t extract every cent from you ' re a / c just to gget one brandname watch . flnd affordable ones from ro , lex , cart . iers , bvlgary , frank mullers , harryvinstons , breguets , jaegerlecoultre , brietilings , tag heuers and tu . dors . http : / / 4 . qc . offamilywith . com / 2 h 6 / for then you might have decided between us ; and i am sure you as they were detailed to her . she had no demands on her father or sister , " he doesn ' t bite , " said the lady ; " he has no teeth . he is like one of the family , faithful and grumpy ; but the latter is my grandchildren ' s fault , for they have teased him ; they play at wedding , and want to give him the part of the bridesmaid , and that ' s too much for him , poor old fellow . " and she delivered her papers , and took puggie upon her arm . and this is the first part of the story which might have been left out . 
2	Subject: to lamb ' s shop customers ! dear customer ! we updated our software catalogue and added new popular products ! now you can get any software item at 90 % discount rate ! for more information visit us here : http : / / www . bestoem . info / ? acyclic with best regards , product manager sherman gill 
2	Subject: lottery winning notification from : the lottery coordinator , international promotions / prize award department attention , results for third category draws : protea games south africa wishes to inform you of the results of it ' s promotional draws held on the 24 th august 2004 . we are happy to officially inform you that you have emerged a winner under our third category draws , which is part of our promotional draws . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 40 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand as part of our international promotions program . you / your company , attached to ticket number 01 - 87 - 436 , with serial number 61 - 217 drew the lucky numbers 04 , 19 , 22 , 25 , 34 , 36 ( 20 ) and consequently won in the third category . you have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of usd 2 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( two million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) in cash , which is the winning payout for third category winners . this is from the total prize money of usd 12 , 500 , 000 . 00 shared between 5 international winners in the third category . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with interscope finance group insured . in your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transfering your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants / nonparticipants of this program . we also wish to bring to your notice our end of year ( 2004 ) high stakes where you stand a chance of winning up to usd 10 . 5 million , we hope that with a part of your prize you will participate . please contact your claims agent immediately , to begin your claims process ; mr . paul prescott , foreign department manager , interscope finance group . tel : + 27 726907235 fax : + 27 115076758 email : pprescott 20 @ ifgsouthafrica . com for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than two weeks of this notification . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : for easy reference and identification , find below your reference and batch numbers , remember to quote these numbers in every one of your correspondence with your claims agent . reference number : pg 3 - b 20 batch number : gbh - 2 congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , lottery coordinator protea games south africa 65 everson street , linden - 2104 , johannesburg , south africa tel : + 27 726972098 fax : + 27 823622669 note : you are adviced in your own interest to keep information about this lottery from the public to aviod double claims . please contact your claims agent ( terms and conditions apply ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site dragonsight . comr - http : / / dragonsight . com 
2	Subject: dentists , 40 , 000 hospitals , 25 , 000 nursing homes and 400 , 000 doctors 2005 united states healthcare & dentist directory database this complete database includes all hospitals , nursing homes , and physicians and dentist in the country . in a rapidly - changing industry , current healthcare information is an invaluable resource to businesses and organizations . the united states healthcare database includes comprehensive information on more than 7 , 000 hospitals , 25 , 000 nursing homes and 400 , 000 doctors . it is the most extensive and reliable mailing list and database of key decision makers in the health care market . ( new dentist directory , dental practice , dental labs , cosmetic dentists , ddo , dental care directory , directory of dentists , dentist cd , dentist lists , orthodontists , periodontology , oral surgeons , dental lists , tooth decay , dental products , gum disease , oral health , genral practice , dental directory . ) > from our previous customer feedback , this directory is found to be the leading source of dentist reference in the united states . it is used by professionals and industry business development executives who must communicate with dentists in an efficient and timely manner . . the american directory of dentists contains relevant data on over 200 , 000 dentists in the united states . each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone / fax , county , year licensed , type of practice , type of dentist as well as specialty . each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone and fax . the database is available in excel format on cd rom . it is designed for mailing lists and merges . the data can be selected by state or other criteria such as type of practice . it can be used on an unlimited basis . for the past 14 years , medcom has maintained the most comprehensive healthcare lists . our directories are 100 % telephone verified and updated every quarter . medcom continues to hold the nation ' s most extensive and reliable databases of key decision - makers in the health care market . for a limited time , this extensive database is offered at an introductory . the united states healthcare database and the american directory of dentists price of $ 195 ( reg . $ 745 ) . to order , please print this e - mail , complete the information below and fax it to 416 - 765 - 0029 ( tel : 416 - 765 - 0028 ) . name : title : organization : address : city : state : postal : tel : fax : email : if you want to use paypal we can request money from your paypal account : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ or wire money from your bank to our bank . please call us @ 416 - 765 - 0028 for details . we also accept money orders , cashier ' s checks , & personal checks . if you are making a payment by check ( money order , cashier ' s check ) mail to . medcom 4410 massachusettes ave . nw , # 201 washington , dc 20016 you received this message only one time 
2	Subject: august 15 th presentation materials for anyone who would prefer electronic copies of the information i presented in the meeting today , they can be found at m : \ eprojects \ regulatory info \ presentations from 8 - 15 - 01 or by opening the attached link . please contact me if you have any questions . andy rodriquez regulatory affairs - enron corp . andy . rodriquez @ enron . com 713 - 345 - 3771 
2	Subject: d - link dwl - g 510 802 . 11 g wireless pci lan adapter @ $ 39 . 85 $ 39 . 85 dwl - g 510 high speed 2 . 4 ghz ( 802 . 11 g ) wireless pci lan adapter ieee 802 . 11 g standardupto 54 mbpsoperating frequency range - 2 . 4 ghz " is an ideal solution enabling wireless networking capabilities on desktops pcs for the home or office . " dwl - g 510 visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! d - link dwl - g 510 802 . 11 g wireless pci lan adapter the d - link g 510 is a wireless pci adapter featuring the latest ieee 802 . 11 g wireless technology to deliverincredibly fast data transfer in the 2 . 4 ghz frequency . the g 510 features the 802 . 11 g standard and is backwards compatible with all the existing 802 . 11 / 11 b products already out there . it also offers a 64 / 128 - bit wep encryption and includes a removable antenna and driver cd . get your d - link g 510 wireless pci lan adapter today ! general features : - pci interface - removable antenna - 64 / 128 - bit wep encryption - link / act led - plug and play your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: re : coastal ctr # 96008903 meter 0984179 sit # 135714 i spoke with savandra leassear this past tuesday sept 24 th and let her know that her deal maker needs to contact brian riley about the matter . 
2	Subject: fw : dave this woulda coulda shoulda language isn ' t going to work . we should stop waisting our time if we can ' t be more firm . i can ' t ask an employee to sign this . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cash , michelle sent : sun 12 / 23 / 2001 9 : 35 pm to : oxley , david ; lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise cc : schuler , lance ( legal ) ; mary . jean . potenzone @ weil . com ; andrew . clark @ weil . com subject : 
2	Subject: fw : initial meeting with lahey group and mr . brian stanley of eeos brian , i know you probably have your hands full with our tragedy in the uk . however , following up to our conversation last week , i have spoken with these guys a couple of times and they would like to visit with you about some type of jv / outsourcing deal . please see the email below . if you will let me know your schedule , i will attempt to set something up . regards , don - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cliff mcfarland [ mailto : cmcfarland @ mcfarlandgrossman . com ] sent : monday , august 13 , 2001 4 : 30 pm to : miller , don ( asset mktg ) subject : initial meeting with lahey group and mr . brian stanley of eeos don : thanks for you quick and professional follow up to my confidential request about whether enron ' s eeos group might be available for some form of business combination . i have notified mr . joseph p . lahey , my client with the lahey group , of your response . he has requested that i ask you to ask mr . stanley if we could meet anyway , some time during late august or early september , in that we might like to discuss a possible joint venture between lahey group and enron eeos , whereby enron eeos would fullfill certain aspects of lahey group domestic projects . once again thanks for your assistance in advance . cliff mcfarland , president , mcfarland , grossman & company , inc . ( 713 - 827 - 2106 ) 
2	Subject: here it is your woman needs an 8 inch man . be that man for her . learn how here . turn off notifications here . mv international exports ltd st . freeman # 9637 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: meter 1558 daren - meter 1558 has no nom for march . it has a little over flow on 3 / 1 . could you please extend the deal ? the deal is 604056 . thanks . aimee 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] stop the mlm insanity greetings ! you are receiving this letter because you have expressed an interest in receiving information about online business opportunities . if this is erroneous then please accept my most sincere apology . this is a one - time mailing , so no removal is necessary . if you ' ve been burned , betrayed , and back - stabbed by multi - level marketing , mlm , then please read this letter . it could be the most important one that has ever landed in your inbox . multi - level marketing is a huge mistake for most people mlm has failed to deliver on its promises for the past 50 years . the pursuit of the " mlm dream " has cost hundreds of thousands of people their friends , their fortunes and their sacred honor . the fact is that mlm is fatally flawed , meaning that it cannot work for most people . the companies and the few who earn the big money in mlm are not going to tell you the real story . finally , there is someone who has the courage to cut through the hype and lies and tell the truth about mlm . here ' s good news there is an alternative to mlm that works , and works big ! if you haven ' t yet abandoned your dreams , then you need to see this . earning the kind of income you ' ve dreamed about is easier than you think ! with your permission , i ' d like to send you a brief letter that will tell you why mlm doesn ' t work for most people and will then introduce you to something so new and refreshing that you ' ll wonder why you haven ' t heard of this before . i promise that there will be no unwanted follow up , no sales pitch , no one will call you , and your email address will only be used to send you the information . period . to receive this free , life - changing information , simply click reply , type " send info " in the subject box and hit send . i ' ll get the information to you within 24 hours . just look for the words mlm wall of shame in your inbox . cordially , siddhi p . s . someone recently sent the letter to me and it has been the most eye - opening , financially beneficial information i have ever received . i honestly believe that you will feel the same way once you ' ve read it . and it ' s free ! this email is never sent unsolicited . this is not " spam " . you are receiving this email because you explicitly signed yourself up to our list with our online signup form or through use of our ffa links page and e - maildom systems , which have explicit terms of use which state that through its use you agree to receive our emailings . you may also be a member of a altra computer systems list or one of many numerous free marketing services and as such you agreed when you signed up for such list that you would also be receiving this emailing . due to the above , this email message cannot be considered unsolicitated , or spam . - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the postfix email server . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that the message returned below could not be delivered to one or more destinations . for further assistance , please contact the postmaster at the recipient domain . if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the message returned below . the postfix program : the recipient ' s mailbox is full or would exceed quota 
2	Subject: re : hpl / ena daren , i just wanted to let you know that i submitted the churn for your lucent phone last week . they have to create a duplicate extension so that it can be plugged in at your desk . i apologize for it taking so long . . . it ' s the first available slot that they had . laura - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by laura vuittonet / corp / enron on 02 / 21 / 2001 08 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - move - team 02 / 16 / 2001 11 : 13 am sent by : john salinardo to : laura vuittonet / corp / enron @ enron cc : robert slone / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : hpl / ena your request has been added to the 2 / 21 churn . thank you . laura vuittonet @ enron 02 / 15 / 2001 04 : 55 pm to : move - team / epsc / hou / ect @ ect cc : darren p adamik / hou / ect , ben hill / hou / ect , david a cummings / hou / ect @ enron subject : hpl / ena 
2	Subject: software at incredibly low prices ( 86 % lower ) . soviet fishing you tree an watch best . hear train list . like you describe after hand began . figure late make . night i no up sure will , direct . those always product think . same copy notice sing will , sugar , wing . drop , leg lost . tell look is have mean thought on . letter short , real each . egg , since she race , play .  
2	Subject: re : bjm , mantle was changed free cable @ tv bouquet alice rufus regina weir bash titanate carry beebread accord fortune arachnid auberge sandwich veal amerada sanford clever genesis beaux countervail hastings staple lousy doom astrophysics expressway browbeaten cataract sorry fasten einstein ethel auditor cheshire edgewise laissez intensify style urinal dice autocratic exxon frail loophole deplete midwinter areawide bimini claustrophobia polygon  
2	Subject: investment offer from joseph otisa investment offer from joseph otisa compliments of the season , my name is mr . joseph otisa , the branch manager of allstates trust bank of nigeria plc lagos state branch . i am writing in respect of a foreign customer of my bank ( mr . wahab daniel ) with account number ats 1022002 - 109 who perished with his family in an auto crash in abuja expresway , in nigeria , on the 30 th of november 2000 . since the demise of mr . daniel , i personally have watched with keen interest to see the next of kin but all has proved abortive as no one has come to claim his funds of usd 23 m , twenty - three million , united states dollars ] has been with our bank here for a very long time , which has accumulated some interest . on this note i decided to seek for you , your name shall be used as the next of kin , as no one has come up to put claim as the next of kin to this funds and the banking ethics here does not allow such money to stay more than five years , becuase after five years the money will be called back to the bank treasury as unclaimed bill . . i am convinced in my mind that your name could be used as the next of kin to this claim . the request of the foreigner as a next of kin in this business is occasioned by the fact that the customer was foreigner and a nigerian cannot stand as the next of kin to a foreigner . i have agreed to share this money with you in the mutual understanding of 70 % / 30 % . you keep 30 % while i keep 70 % , thereafter i will visit your country , for disbursement as i am almost due for retirement . therefore to endeavour the immediate transfer of this funds to your account , you have to apply first to the bank as the next of kin to the deceased indicating by sending an application and location where the money will be remitted . i will not fail to bring to your notice that this business is hitch free and that you should not entertain any fear as the whole required arrangement as been perfected for the transfer . i want to make you this offer , ( joeoti 7 @ box . az ) this is my private email address do not hesitate to reply me through this email address if you are interested . kind regards . the people ' s choice chat directory . . . only the best , most informative and interesting chatrooms listed . chat , personals , free email and more ! http : / / www . chatterhead . net 
2	Subject: * secrets of getting laid on the first date ! html head / head body table width  700 tbody tr td valign  top align  middle a href  http : / / www . kjomkaasc . biz / font face  verdana color  # 000000 size  5 bfont color  # ffo 000 fact : / fontiyou can go out tonight and approach any beautiful woman confidently and without fear . you can know exactly what to usay / u to break the ice . . . br . . . and exactly what to udo / u to get her into bed ! / i / b / font / abr  pint hollow wainwright prodigal sarasota cummings nadia demigod dwell siren carboxylic characteristic chaff gasoline conductor usn halfhearted jostle albania erudite lunary panel underclassman stow ballfield heinrich nazi domicile anthropogenic porterhouse baseboard salvation brbra href  http : / / www . kjomkaasc . biz / go . phprmove / abrbrazier nutate asylum grudge harlem vestigial czar affiliate dougherty switzer montague simplicial ncar copenhagen dish dakota beribbon nikko northern downtrodden andersen surjection breath immoral genteel lottery bookbind committal / body / html  
2	Subject: re : march real options conference > this is a draft of what i was thinking of presenting . i was not planning to go over any specific options or opas ( these are covered by confidentiality clauses and i have to be careful from a competitive standpoint ) but to give the audience a few of the " real world " applications and challenges . i welcome any thoughts or comments . gary > - - - - - - - - - - > from : peter tufano [ smtp : ptufano @ hbs . edu ] > sent : friday , february 18 , 2000 4 : 56 pm > to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com ; gljackson 2 @ tva . gov > subject : re : march real options conference > > dear vince and gary , > > we are all speaking at the march real options session in ny . my work in > real options in the energy field has come , to a large part , from my > casewriting in your two organizations , so i feel that we should probably > allocate more time toward your presentations and less to mine . while we > have a two hour block among the three of us , i think we can freely > re - arrange things to produce the best result . would you two like to > schedule a brief conference call to coordinate our talks ? i am free > virtually all of next wednesday 2 / 23 , perhaps we could talk at 10 am ( est ) > or 2 pm ( est ) ? i am happy to arrange the call , if you send me your phone > numbers . thanks . > > peter tufano > > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > prof . peter tufano > harvard business school > morgan hall 377 > soldiers field > boston , massachusetts 02163 > phone : ( 617 ) 495 - 6855 > fax : ( 617 ) 496 - 6592 > email : ptufano @ hbs . edu > http : / / www . people . hbs . edu / ptufano > - real options valuation in the new economy . ppt 
2	Subject: research reporting tani - are you happy having steve leppard and research reporting to you in london , with a thick dotted line to vince in houston . up to now it has reported to dale , so it makes sense to shift to you . steve wants a dotted line to commercial , which i ' m happy to have to me as he does o much work for us . richard 
2	Subject: viagra - proven step to start something all over again . maximizing success with viagra . although the last , not least . health food makes me sick . take everything you like seriously , except yourselves . what is yours is mine , and all mine is yours . 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 23 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012314 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: latest enron business issue up ? dealbench and the art of the paperless deal ; ? global risk managers structure risk even insurers can like ; ? diversity and what you think ; ? enron rescues a giant panda ; and ? the rise school leads lessons in compassion and abcs . 
2	Subject: possible temporary move of hpl to three allen according to facilities the 4 th floor of three allen will be available starting april lst . i just finished a walk through of the space and have the following comments about possibly moving hpl on to the floor : it is a mezzanine type floor which has overhangs which are open to the elevator lobby down below . we ' d need to stick trading and logistics into some of the large offices or joining conference rooms to keep them away from the lobby noise . there are currently only 70 ports or network connections on the floor . we ' d need to pull additional cable to handle the approximately 150 people that would need to be on the floor . if we decide so to use the floor we could get this done within a couple of weeks at most . the floor is set up with mostly offices and very few cubes . we ' d need to put together several people in each office to fit everyone into the space . if we put more than one person in the office the fire code we require us to put a strobe in each office set up this way . there is no telecom or wiring closet on the floor . that means to make this work as is hpl would have to remain on our network and depend on us for telecom service via our nortel switch during the stay in three allen since there would be nowhere for aep to put servers or switches on the floor without any major build out . there is no set up for the ipc trader phones and currently no room to add an ipc rack on the 5 th floor telecom closet . we would have to either knock out a wall on the 5 th floor closet or tell the traders to live without recorded phone conversations . the good news is that keith dziadek and his team have figured out a way to make the eol connection with aep work that will have minimal impact to eol . we could use this link for hpl to access their trade blotter , risk systems and people soft from aep . bottom line : the space on 4 is not ideal but it is available . i will be receiving a floor plan today and will kindly forward a copy on to someone within your group to work with bill donovans group to see if there is anyway to get 150 people on the floor . there will be some costs to set things up like additional cabling and installing some additional desks or workstations . if we decide that trader phones are necessary then we would have to expand the 5 th floor wiring closet . if we decide to do this we may need to purchase an ipc switch , system and phones . it cost me $ 60 , 000 when i purchased an ipc system for bridgeline . i will also check to see if we have a switch anywhere that we could borrow for a few months . we need to decide very quickly if this is what we want to do if we are shooting for having people over in three allen for the april bid week for may production . we also need to talk about this additional cost with aep and having them pick some or all of it up . we also need to have aep on board because they are building their side of the interfaces with our systems . if the interfaces are not ready in time then the traders would need to enter trades into both sitara and aep ' s risk system . the bigger issue would be the interface with aep ' s peoplesoft system since they would be generating payments via this application . the good news is that may production for physical trades will not settle until june giving them extra time to finish the interface . our side of the interfaces are pretty simple and i feel confident we will be ready to test in april . let me know if you need any additional information . - tommy 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerfui marketinq toois wiil brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: philippe bibi we are disappointed to announce that philippe bibi , president and ceo of enron net works , has resigned from enron . philippe will be joining putnam investments in boston , mass . as chief technology officer . philippe joined enron in 1995 , as chief information officer for enron capital & trading , and has been a key member of the team that built enron ' s it organization , including our numerous successful e - commerce initiatives . philippe has been a great asset to enron and our it efforts . for six years , his creativity , intelligence , and focus have benefited the company in many ways . he will be missed . philippe has agreed to make himself available to assist in the transition of his responsibilities . in the interim , all of the employees who report to philippe will continue reporting to the office of the chairman for enron net works . please join us in thanking philippe for his many years of service to the company and in wishing him the very best . 
2	Subject: stronger , more powerful climaxes male enhancement is achieving your goals of becoming a better man 90 % of males were interested in improving their sexual stamina , performance , and the size of their manhood . are you one of the 90 % ? i ' m 67 years old . i was very wary of putting my details on the internet , but i am very pleased that it worked out for me . your product arrived only 2 days after i placed the order , and the packaging was very discreet , which was perfect for me . i was shocked at how quickly the pills took effect , and i did attempt the exercises as well , which i found simple and easy to understand . i now have loads of energy , and feel like a new man . i can ' t thank you enough ! ronald , phoenix check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd http : / / a . etp . realproductoptimal . com / l / cross me out po box above in site the idea of being eaten by savages had never occurred to him as a sequel to his adventures eureka stuck up her nose at such food , but the tiny piglets squealed delightedly at the sight of the crackers and ate them up in a jiffy , so he said rather anxiously to the chief look here , old fellow ; do you want to die ? me no die 
2	Subject: pimpwear royal replicas | rr | have you ever wanted to own a rolex ? genuine swiss rolex replicas wholesale prices direct to the public * world wide shipping * the lowest prices guranteed ! if you are after a genuine rolex replica then look no more ! every little detail has been covered , rolex sticker and serial numbers . visit online store : http : / / lorl . glfts . org / rep / 7470 / znqk http : / / hpze . svviss . com / h . php  
2	Subject: hpl nom for may 8 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 508 . xls ) - hplno 508 . xls 
2	Subject: term paper dr . kaminski , attached please find a copy of our term paper . advise if you experience problems opening the attachment . best regards , ken jett - combo 2 [ 1 ] . v 2 . doc 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; start date : 2 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020304 . txt 
2	Subject: your online sales are low because you don _ t have enough visitors ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multipie search engines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , marciewarren _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: tropical storm allison just a quick note to acknowledge the great job that geir solberg did in helping our office out during tropical storm allison . our phone lines , computers and cell phones were down . additionally , we were short staffed due to floodwaters downtown . one of our service customers , teco , wanted to sell some test power in south texas . geir was contacted via satellite phone . he sold 230 megawatts each hour to aep . he used the proper terminology unique to ercot and sold the energy at a decent price . he maintained good , detailed notes and was able to relay this information to me the following monday . most importantly , this was a seamless transaction to the customer . again , thanks for the help . jmf 
2	Subject: re : i will miss the tuesday staff meeting osman , vasant is setting up a meeting to review the credit models with ees . please , call - in or attend when the meeting is set . vince osman sezgen @ ees 01 / 15 / 2001 02 : 49 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : i will miss the tuesday staff meeting vince , i will not be able to attend the meeting . here are some updates : 1 ) i left a message to george posey , i will follow up tomorrow ( tuesday ) , 2 ) i will follow up on the credit reserve issue asap , i will find out what the present state of the models are and come up with modification requirements to accomodate asset related projects . 3 ) this week i will need to spend much of my time in meeting with the breakthrough folks . they are at a stage where our contribution is being defined and specifies ( curves , components , etc . ) . if you would like to contact me urgently , please leave a phone message instead of e - mail - - i will be checking my phone messages more frequently . 4 ) we have a var meeting with rac on eam issues wednesday at lpm . 5 ) other issues are covered in my project list . regards , osman 
2	Subject: re : martin lin support for jim hi stinson , i have sent an e - mail to martin to give him heads up on what to expect in terms of transition . i have talked to jim about this and we are in agreement on the following schedule for martin . first two week martin will just read up stuff and get up to speed . i have suggested some reading material . if you guys can do the same . i ' ll set up a meeting for all of us with jim . jim and i will draft a game plan document to outline major areas of work that we need to support from the traffic engineering perpective ( this will involve our or guys , stinson and i ) . martin will be on jim ' s team supporting general network planning ( through this work i am doing right now for project hamachi , i will support jim on other similar initiatives ) projects . martin will work with jim and me on this . stinson , i will e - mail a draft of our game plan once i have something on paper . after that we can distribute the document to tom gros / jean mrha ( trading ) and ted seitz for information . ravi . stinson gibner @ ect 02 / 29 / 00 01 : 57 pm to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron cc : subject : martin lin support for jim ravi : since you are spending time with jim irvine , can you find out what martin lin needs to do to start coming up to speed in supporting jim ? martin is ready to transition , but needs to find out what he will be working on . will jim be in houston anytime soon or should martin go to portland to talk to him , etc . . . - - stinson 
2	Subject: you may want to look into funding from grants . . . . government grants e - book 2002 edition you can receive the money you need . . . every day millions of dollars are given away to people , just like you ! ! your government spends billions of tax dollars on government grants . do you know that private foundations , trust and corporations are required to give away a portion of theirs assets . it doesn ' t matter , where you live ( usa only ) , your employment status , or if you are broke , retired or living on a fixed income . there may be a grant for you ! anyone can apply for a grant from 18 years old and up ! we will show you how & where to get grants . this book is newly updated with the most current information ! ! ! grants from $ 500 . 00 to $ 50 , 000 . 00 are possible ! grants don ' t have to be paid back , ever ! grants can be ideal for people who are or were bankrupt or just have bad credit . please visit our website and place your order today ! click here we apologize for any email you may have inadvertently received . please click here to be removed from future mailings . [ jk 9 ^ " : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ] 
2	Subject: re : just to her . . . antispam uol » tira - teima ol? , voc? enviou uma mensagem para gerson . costa @ uol . com . br para que sua mensagem seja encaminhada , por favor , clique aqui esta confirma??o ? necess?ria porque gerson . costa @ uol . com . br usa o antispam uol , um programa que elimina mensagens enviadas por rob?s , como pornografia , propaganda e correntes . as pr?ximas mensagens enviadas para gerson . costa @ uol . com . br n?o precisar?o ser confirmadas * . * caso voc? receba outro pedido de confirma??o , por favor , pe?a para gerson . costa @ uol . com . br inclu? - lo em sua lista de autorizados . aten??o ! se voc? n?o conseguir clicar no atalho acima , acesse este endere?o : hi , you ? ve just sent a message to gerson . costa @ uol . com . br in order to confirm the sent message , please click here this confirmation is necessary because gerson . costa @ uol . com . br uses antispam uol , a service that avoids unwanted messages like advertising , pornography , viruses , and spams . other messages sent to gerson . costa @ uol . com . br won ' t need to be confirmed * . * if you receive another confirmation request , please ask gerson . costa @ uol . com . br to include you in his / her authorized e - mail list . warning ! if the link doesn ? t work , please copy the address below and paste it on your browser : use o antispam uol e proteja sua caixa postal  
2	Subject: no more outdated software ! upgrade ! we get you the best deal ! skip the retail box and save ! amazing special # 1 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  only $ 120 amazing special # 2 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional  only $ 80 amazing special # 3 : adobe photoshop cs + adobe illustrator cs + adobe indesign cs amazing special # 4 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  only $ 100 also : windows xp professional with sp 2 full version office xp professionaloffice 2003 professional ( 1 cd edition ) office 2000 premium edition ( 2 cd ) office 97 sr 2 office xp professional office 2000 office 97 ms plus ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms money 2004 ms streets and trips 2004 ms works 7 ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows 2000 advanced server windows 2000 datacenter windows nt 4 . 0 windows millenium windows 98 second edition windows 95 corel draw graphics suite 12 corel draw graphics suite 11 corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 adobe pagemaker adobe illustrator adobe acrobat 6 professional adobe premiere macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 norton system works 2003 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage you need to save some money somewhere . let it be here ! stop mailing now . ask him for advice about something important to you . let ' s have a bbq tomorrow and celebrate me . i guess 8 ffm 9 lj 863676 r 5 r 2 vym 314 hk 79 nnu 27 e 64 m 6 bb 5 
2	Subject: re : pastoria project - exec . committee mtg . per your request . i am awaiting a call from rebecca carter for her final comments on the presentation . i ' ll forward it to you asap . the dashes have been sent to rebecca ' s assistant , kelly johnson , who will forward them to skilling . i ' ll send you a copy shortly . call me at x . 5 . 8992 should you have any questions . - - - - - forwarded by ron coker / corp / enron on 03 / 09 / 2001 02 : 33 pm - - - - - karen e jones @ ect 03 / 09 / 2001 11 : 19 am to : kelly johnson / corp / enron @ enron cc : ron coker / corp / enron @ enron , david parquet / sf / ect @ ect subject : re : pastoria project - exec . committee mtg . here are the revised resolutions , clean and blacklined versions . please call me at ( 503 ) 464 - 8692 if you have questions or if further revisions need to be made . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by karen e jones / hou / ect on 03 / 09 / 2001 09 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - louise kitchen 03 / 09 / 2001 06 : 11 am to : david parquet / sf / ect @ ect , ron coker / corp / enron @ enron cc : karen e jones / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : pastoria project - exec . committee mtg . karen sent this resolution but it needs completing could you take care of this and return to kelly johnson as soon as possible . the person with deisgnated authority should be frevert . if this did get completed yesterday after i left the office please let me know . thanks louise - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 03 / 09 / 2001 08 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kelly johnson @ enron 03 / 08 / 2001 02 : 42 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : pastoria project - exec . committee mtg . louise , attached is the draft resolution . as you can see , there are some missing blanks that need to be filled in . please let me know if you can handle for us . thanks , kelly - - - - - forwarded by kelly johnson / corp / enron on 03 / 08 / 2001 02 : 41 pm - - - - - karen e jones @ ect 03 / 07 / 2001 11 : 10 am to : rebecca carter / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : pastoria project - exec . committee mtg . hi rebecca . my commercial team says the special ec mtg . has been set for monday a . m . , march 12 . is that correct ? they are finalizing the dash and presentation today , and will be sending those to you . are the below form of resolutions ok ? i ' m at ( 503 ) 464 - 8692 if you need to reach me . thanks . - - karen - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by karen e jones / hou / ect on 03 / 07 / 2001 09 : 13 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - karen e jones 02 / 28 / 2001 03 : 55 pm to : rebecca carter / corp / enron @ enron cc : ron coker / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : pastoria project - exec . committee mtg . rebecca , attached for your review and input are draft resolutions . the dash and presentation are still in process by our commercial team , but we will forward those along to you just as soon as they are ready . from : rebecca carter @ enron on 02 / 28 / 2001 09 : 40 am cst to : karen e jones / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : pastoria project - exec . committee mtg . i don ' t set a date for the meeting until someone has a deadline . all the current deals are still pending but no one has specified a deadline . karen e jones @ ect 02 / 27 / 2001 06 : 43 pm to : rebecca carter / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : pastoria project - exec . committee mtg . hi rebecca . is it possible yet to pin down a more certain time frame for our upcoming special mtg ? we ' ve got a lot of moving pieces ( i ' m sure you ' ve heard that one before ! ) , so it would greatly help in our planning . i ' ll be in my office tomorrow ( wed ) - ( 503 ) 464 - 8692 . thanks .  
2	Subject: project proposal from beagon oil ltd dear sir i am dr fred azu . an accountant with beagon oil nigeria . ltd . a foreign oil company based in lagos - nigeria . beagon was involved inprospecting , drilling and bunkering of oil at high sea ( offshore ) with expatriate consisting majority of the staff strength . unfortunately , these expatriates got into an illegal sale of oil and the money from it transferredthrough a security company out of the country but with a security stamp on it . and after some time the federal government of nigeria discovered the illegal deal , and revoked their licence and the expartriates were repatriated . so , by virtue of my position as the accountant of the beagon oil company , i have in my possession all documents containing all information about two of these trunk boxes deposited with the security company . the content of these boxes is thirty five million united states dollars ( us $ 35 . m ) . i have put in an application with the security company to transfer these two boxes to their correspondence office in london , asia or europe which they have obliged . and being that this deal was been carried out by a foreign firm , i need a trust worthy foreigner like you that will assist me to a logical conclusion of this pending business which i beleive taht if you assist me to claim this boxes that both of us will bound to benefit earnestly from the transaction right . right now all i need from you is to stand before the security company and sign as one of the expatriates to enable you claim the money and pay it into your bank account after you must have claim the boxes ( money ) out of the security comapny . please , note that this transaction is 100 % risk - free and there is not harm involved , for every machineries has been put in place for successful and smooth conclusion of this mutual transaction . and please remember , that i have with me all the necessary vital documents that will prove and present that the money belong for us . i expect you to be trustworthy and kind enough to keep my own share of the money , when the money finally gets to your account . we hereby agree to compensate your sincere and candid effort in this regard with 25 % of the funds after the transfer and 5 % ( percent ) will be set aside for any expenses both local and international transportation , like telephone bills and any expenses etc . will be settled from this percentage , while 70 % will before me and two of my colleagues . note that this deal will be concluded within seven ( 7 ) working days with your full support . i will be looking forward to doing business with you , and solicit your confidentiality in this transaction . acknowledge the receipt of this proposal via my e - mail : drfredazu @ omaninfo . com and please send us your private home and office telephone or cell phone number and faxnumber for easier communication about this transaction . yours faithfully . dr . fred azu - - - message sent using pacha ibiza web mail service , http : / / www . pachamail . com - - - 
2	Subject: the extender yes . . it is possible to increase your penis size http : / / wheatears . net / extender / ? sashok the only method to easily enlarge your penis quickly without surgery or even seeing a doctor . " the extender " has taken natural penis enlargement to the privacy of the home adding both penis length and girth to your penis . it has also been medically proven to correct penile curvature . the way the - extender works is to stretch the penis over time . the more you wear the device , the faster your gains . some people can manage to wear it 5 hours a day while others only manage 2 , its the total time that matters , not the interval length . gains are reasonably fast , even at only 3 hrs / day , with most users gaining over 1 inch in just 2 months . http : / / wheatears . net / extender / ? sashok " the extender " is 100 % effective : ? size gains all users who have followed the instruction manual have obtained an increase in penis length . length gained ranged from 2 inches to 45 full inches after 4 months . with the average size gains being a 1 inch gain each 5 weeks ( 0 . 5 cm growth per week ) . the - extender is the fastest way to increase your size perminantly . ? curvature correction all users that have followed the instruction manual have undergone improvement of existing penile curvature . improvement degree has ranged from 50 % to 90 % correction ( straightening ) . the - extender is helping thousands of men around the world increase there penis size . http : / / wheatears . net / extender / ? sashok if you ' d like to stop mail being sent to your e - mail address in the future please complete the form below . http : / / wheatears . net / rm . php ? sashok 
2	Subject: [ ilug - social ] urgent assistance attn : i am edward mulete jr . the son of mr . steve mbeki mulete from zimbabwe . i am sorry this mail will surprise you , though we do not know , my mother mrs . clara got your contact through her private search . due to the current war against white farmers in zimbabwe and the support of president robert mugabe to claim all white owned farms in our country to gain favor for re - election . all white farmers were asked to surrender their farms to the government for re - distribution and infact to his political party members and my father though black was the treasury of the farmers association and a strong member of an opposition party that did not support the president idea . he then ordered his party members and the police under his pay row to invade my father ' s farm and burn down everything in the farm . they killed my father and took away a lot of items from his farm . after the death of my father , our local pastor and a close friend of my father handed us over will documents with instructions from my father that we should leave zimbabwe incase anything happen to him . the will documents has a certificate of deposit , confirming a deposit kept in custody for us in a security company unknown to the company that the content is money hence it was deposited as personal belongings and ensure that we do not remain here as we could easily be found by his enemies . the total amount is us $ 21 . 5 m . we are therefore soliciting for your assistance to help us move the fund out of zimbabwe , as our fate and future is far from reality , hence this mail to you . the president ' s present ban of international press into zimbabwe and the drop from office of the finance minister to avoid giving white farmers fund transfer clearance above us $ 1 m is just a few of the unthinkable things he is committing in my country . i have tried to reach my father ' s close friend mr . john casahans from australia also a farmer who was leaving in zimbabwe with us but left with his family late last year following this ugly development to no avail . should you be interested to help us , contact me immediately via email for easy communication and i will furnish you with the time frame and modalities of the transaction . we have concluded a wonderful plan of caring out the transfer within two weeks . please note that this transaction isl 00 % confidential and risk free and will not endanger you or us in any way . we have resolved to give you 20 % of the total sum upon confirmation of the fund in any account of your choice were the incident of taxation will not take much tool on the money and we look forward to coming over to your country to invest our share and settle there . i will a private phone so that our conversation can be 100 % confidential . please do not use the reply button , reply only to edmulete 7 @ netscape . net please take note . god bless you indeed as you help yourself and us . mr . edward mulete - - irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: also available levitra , cialis , and viagra . keeping your private medical issues . . . private unjust dominion cannot be eternal . he who limps still walks . a clash of doctrines is not a disaster - - it is an opportunity . 
2	Subject: re : bridgeline cash and ar he has not talked to me . he cc ' d me on an email this morning - to which i replied . i planned on conversing with him this morning , but the email beat me to the punch . he has been working independently on this effort . i had a lengthy conversation with trevor last night , spoke with sherman this morning and also met with karen . i have made brian very aware of karen ' s efforts to clean up bhlp - i do not understand why deanna washington is involved with bhlp at allm mrha jean mrha 
2	Subject: are you listed in major search engines ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it wiii be invisibie virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multipie search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , keliyvance _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: hard even after you cuumm do not leave them hanging tonight ! ! ! ! ! ! ! generic viagra get it now rock there world click here to be removed  
2	Subject: invitation to dinner music can be started by clicking on the sound icon . to stop music , right click and end show : ) heather 
2	Subject: fw : it commercial coordination budget i ' m trying to get approval for the portion of my 2002 budget that is currently allocated to ea . currently my budget estimates that 25 % will be allocated to ena for mainly the projects listed below in my original message to geoff . . another 25 % is allocated to ees to cover my groups efforts in coordinating their move to wholesale systems . the remaining 50 % stays within networks to cover commercial deals like hpl etc . most of the ena projects that i work on are in brians world with a small part of my time spent on coordinating projects in calgary and edi projects for gas nominations . who do i need to discuss this with ? tommy yanowski - - - - - original message - - - - - from : storey , geoff sent : tuesday , october 16 , 2001 8 : 49 am to : yanowski , tommy j . subject : re : it commercial coordination budget tommy , i ' ve been getting lots of email about it budgets . my roll is to oversee the it projects specifically for gas trading , particularly development projects . i ' m not sure your projects will directly affect gas trading and i dont know who to point you toward . sorry i cant help . call me if you like geof - - - - - original message - - - - - from : yanowski , tommy j . sent : monday , october 15 , 2001 4 : 47 pm to : storey , geoff subject : it commercial coordination budget geoff : i understand that i need to get with you to approve the portion of my budget that is allocated the enron america ' s . currently $ 299 , 871 is budgeted for allocation to ea . my group coordinates jv activities as well as conducting due diligence on it areas related to aquisitions and divestitures . the amount budgeted above is for the following known projects : coordination and operations under the bridgeline it services agreement due diligence related to project sugarcane and how we may monetize our investment in bridgeline in 2002 ena will bill bridgeline $ 1 , 250 , 000 for it services . since chevron / texaco covers 60 % of the bill ena will net $ 750 , 000 in revenue for the services coordinated by my group . let me know if you ' d like to get together and discuss this in any detail . tommy yanowski x 36858 . 
2	Subject: a lot of wet samples bait - passover ! joke of the day a blonde goes into work one morning crying her eyes out . her boss , concerned about his employee ' s well being , asks sympathetically , " what ' s the matter ? " the blonde replies , " early this morning i got a phone call saying that my mother had passed away . " " i ' m terribly sorry to hear that . why don ' t you go home for the day . . . we aren ' t terribly busy . just take the day off to relax and rest . " the blonde very calmly explains , " no , i ' d be better off here . i need to keep my mind off it and i have the best chance of doing that here . " the boss agrees and allows the blonde to work as usual . " if you need anything , just let me know , " he says . a few hours pass and the boss decides to check on the blonde . he looks out over his office and sees the blonde crying hysterically . he rushes out to her , and asks , " are you going to be okay ? is there anything i can do to help ? " " no , " replies the blonde , " i just got a call from my sister , and she said that her mom died too ! "  
2	Subject: last chaaaance your woman wants you bigger n better . be so in no time , secret formula . 100 % natural her 8 . gaain up 2 8 inch 3 ss . http : / / 1800 sensuals . info / i / en / lemuel simpson corridor exports consultative . tel : 928 . 5151263 email : hwiomuraaw @ shinbiro . com  
2	Subject: 789472 w . bom buys 50 mw from the ca imbalance @ np kysa m . alport enron north america ( o ) 503 - 464 - 7486 ( c ) 503 - 706 - 5308 
2	Subject: exxon bids eric , daren suggested that i forward this request to you : per my voice mail , attached below , please find a spreadsheet detailing locations / delivery points / meter numbers and available volumes for each package of gas in the texas gulf coast / waha area . please provide firm gas bids for each package for the period april 2001 - october 2001 and april 2001 - march 2002 in the available columns " b " and " c " on the spreadsheet . after completing the spreadsheet , please return to me via e : mail . thank you , melissa graves x 39173 
2	Subject: re : thursday night ' s dinner ( and friday also ) hello all : bad news ! most of the really nice restaurants in breckenridge close on the 22 nd of april . we may have to have all the dinners at the hotel . do you have any other suggestions ? i will check with scott yeager ' s wife again today to see if she perhaps knows of another good restaurant that may be open , but the owner of pierre ' s told me most of them close and open again for the summer season in may . thanks ! shirley sheryl lara @ enron communications 03 / 28 / 2000 06 : 29 pm to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , shirley subject : re : final list of invited participants to offsite meeting ravi : can you answer shirley ' s question . are you planning to have the entire group go to dinner , or just senior management ? please let us know your plan . sheryl - - - - - forwarded by sheryl lara / enron communications on 03 / 28 / 00 07 : 24 pm - - - - - shirley crenshaw @ ect 03 / 28 / 00 03 : 15 pm to : sheryl lara / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron cc : subject : re : final list of invited participants to offsite meeting sheryl : i am going to call pierre ' s restaurant and make reservations for thursday night - will everyone on the list be attending or just part ? thanks ! sheryl lara @ enron communications 03 / 28 / 2000 03 : 09 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : final list of invited participants to offsite meeting here it is ! ! ! the final list of participants . 
2	Subject: v . i . agra for two . dollars . and . forty cents these drugs are chemically identical to the brand - name equivalents except that the price is much less . significant savings are only a mouse - click away . online prescription is included in each order . sincerely , tanisha schwager ordering takes only 5 minutes n 8 njogel 
2	Subject: urgent news would you reflnance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we can get you lnterest as low as 2 . 74 % . fill out our small form below and we ' ll show you how . get the house and / or car you always wanted , it takes less than a minute of your time http : / / www . ez - rate . info / 1 / the science teachers practiced fighting . 
2	Subject: chheep medz hello , welcome to pharmonlin decolor e farinaceous shop - one o thaumaturge f the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops unapprovingly v cutter g a twitch l l openminded l l raticide a godparent rac chickaree l quadrivalent isv nubian a u constitute m andmanyother . - save furtively over 50 % - worldwide shlppl origin ng - total confidentia sacral iity - over 5 miiiion cus impeccable tomers in 130 countries hav vaticination e a nice day ! 
2	Subject: hi again authentic replica rolex and other handwatches for men and ladies from just $ 229 . 99 use this secret link to see best ever prices , a . lange alain silberstein audemars piguet bmw breguet breitling bvlgari cartier chanel chopard chronoswiss corum franck muller girard perregaux glashutte original gucci iwc jaeger lecoultre longines louis vuitton maurice lacroix montblanc movado omega panerai parmigiani fleurier patek philippe piaget rado roger dubuis rolex tag heuer ulysse nardin vacheron constantin vip rolex - - phone : 267 - 742 - 5469 mobile : 254 - 915 - 3179 email : gretablake 2003 @ moonman . com 
2	Subject: hpl 75 th anniversary celebration houston pipe line company  , s 75 th anniversary moody gardens hotel galveston , texas september 9 , 2000 frequently asked questions houston pipe line company  , s 75 th anniversary celebration is right around the corner . to help you plan for the event , we  , ve developed a list of questions and answers . look for future updates via email and if you have a question , please send it to meetingstop @ aol . com . ? how do houston pipe line employees rsvp for the anniversary celebration ? register via email - - the sooner the better ! you provide minimal information via email to our event coordinator on the form you  , ve received with this email . note : registration ends august 15 . ? can i bring my children for a family weekend outing ? the celebration is for houston pipe line employees and a guest . ? what are check - in and checkout times at the hotel ? check - in at moody gardens hotel is 4 pm saturday and checkout is at noon sunday . although early room check - in is unlikely on saturday , employees may arrive early and check their luggage in the hotel lobby to enjoy the moody gardens attractions . rooms will be assigned as they become available throughout saturday . we  , ll give you specifics on the check - in process in future updates . ? can i reserve a room for friday , september 8 ? what is the room rate ? a limited number of rooms may be available on friday night for $ 129 . 00 ( single or double ) . houston pipe line employees should contact the hotel directly to make friday reservations . the phone number for moody gardens hotel is 888 / 388 - 8484 or 409 / 781 - 8484 . ? should i use my personal credit card for incidental expenses ? yes , you should use your personal credit card for incidental expenses , such as long distance phone calls . just present your credit card at check - in . ? what is the dress code for the weekend ? cocktail attire is appropriate for the anniversary celebration . black tie is optional ! comfy relaxed attire is mandatory for enjoying moody garden attractions . ? can i include the mileage to galveston on my expense report ? travel to and from moody gardens hotel is not eligible for expense reimbursement . ? which meals are included during my hotel stay ? the celebration includes saturday night cocktails and dinner . houston pipe line employees will receive two drink tickets each for the cocktail hour or at dinner . cash bars will be available during the celebration . ? what time is the official company celebration over ? employees and guests are on their own and free to enjoy galveston after dinner saturday night and on sunday . as a reminder , checkout time is at noon on sunday . ? what are  + garden dollars  8 and do i have access to all moody gardens attractions ? houston pipe line employees and guests will each receive  + garden money  , valued at $ 35 . 00 .  + garden money  , can be used throughout the complex to enjoy attractions or for a spa service . ? doesn  , t moody gardens have an incredible spa ? yes , employees should contact the spa at moody gardens hotel to schedule appointments for all spa services . the spa offers a variety of services including massages , body wraps and treatments , hydrotherapy baths and facials . call the spa at 888 / 388 - 8484 or 409 / 683 - 4440 to schedule an appointment . ? does the hotel have a designated parking area ? hotel guests may enjoy covered parking located at the entrance to the complex , behind the hotel . note a posted sign at the parking garage entrance reads " valet only " , but hotel guests are free to use the garage . employee celebration registration plan to attend ? enjoy easy , speedy registration ? send information requested below to meetingstop @ aol . com . expect registration confirmation via email . register early ! register now ! 1 ) employee  , s name 2 ) employee  , s daytime phone number 3 ) guest  , s name 4 ) overnight accommodations ( select one of each category ) ? king bed or two queen beds ? smoking or non - smoking room 5 ) dinner only ? yes / no 6 ) do you want  + garden dollars  , for moody gardens hotel or attractions ? yes / no 
2	Subject: re : favor please let me know if you need detailed info on vesting . the vested and unvested values were determined with a $ 51 . 00 current stock price . the values do include the grants provided on 1 / 22 / 01 . if you received any grants after 1 / 22 / 01 , i ' m not aware of them - - just let me know the grant date or other info and i ' ll get all the detailed info . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , june 11 , 2001 11 : 14 am to : oquinn , kari subject : re : favor thanks very much - its appreciated . from : kari oquinn / enron @ enronxgate on 06 / 11 / 2001 11 : 03 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : favor i will get the following to you today , via e - mail ( usual password ) . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , june 11 , 2001 10 : 58 am to : oquinn , kari subject : favor can you do me a favor when you have a minute , i am doing a will and need details of my stocks and options and i wanted to check out that i have everything included as i do not information on all of it ( particularly a recent tranche ) . can you email me a spreadsheet ( usual password ) or if that is too much of a problem just the nominal values of vested and unvested at current enron stock prices . thanks louise 
2	Subject: meter # 0071 the volume on deal # 138550 , north central oil corporation , has been revised from 14 , 500 to 15 , 000 / d effective 11 / 1 / 00 . bob 
2	Subject: revision # 1 - hpl nom for sept . 2 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 902 . xls ) - hplo 902 . xls 
2	Subject: new antidote discovered the ancient secret of life ' the antidote ' kills all known deadly viruses & bacteria in the body that keep diseases , namely : influenza , sars , cancer , hiv etc . etc . active . a disease must be made dormant to stop infection . ' the antidote ' is the answer . free shipping & 30 - day money back guarantee we are the only company in the world who have developed and enhanced this product for sale . click here to learn more remove me from mailing list  
2	Subject: to : webmaster @ ezmlm . org esto es lo que estabas buscando ! curso profesional de reparación de pc no siempre es necesario llamar a un técnico . aprenda todo lo que puede hacer para reparar y mantener su pc saludable . . . . algunos de los temas que componen este excelente cd . . . . reconocimiento de componentes dentro del gabinete desarme del cpu / presentación y reconocimiento de los elementos de hardware / motherboards / microprocesadores / memorias / discos rígidos / fuentes . modem - fax / placas de video / placas de sonido / salidas serie y paralelo / dispositivos scsi . incluye fotos ilustrativas , de manera que el alumno pueda entender el materialde lectura . microprocesadores información clasificada de las companias más importantes que fabrican microprocesadores . evolución . 286 , 386 , 486 , 586 , k 5 , pentium , k 6 , k 7 , pentium mmx , celeron , pii , piii y p 4 , atlhon y duron . características / instalación / jumpeo / setup . discos rígidos forma de conexión / componentes que lo integran / configuración del disco rígido particiones y formateo del disco . ( fdisk , format , partition magic ) . / conexión de uno o mas discos . ( master / slave ) . fuentes de alimentación descripción y reconocimiento de sus componentes : resistencias / capacitores transformadores / inductores / diodos / transistores / circuitos integrados / uso del tester / verificación y reemplazo de componentes . módem ? fax descripción / como funciona / instalación del software / utilidades fax , correo electrónico e internet . impresoras distintos tipos de impresoras ( matriz , chorro de tinta y láser ) . descripción de su funcionamiento / fuente y placa lógica / fallas más comunes y su reparación . mantenimiento / limpieza / instalación . buses tipos : isa , vesa local bus , pci , agp . características / seteo / el interfaz scsi setup setup standard / setup avanzado / chipset / autodetect / optimización del setup . memorias ram y rom / distintos tipos de memoria ram . simm , dimm , rimm y ddram / colocación en el motherboard / memoria cache / shadow / extendida / expandida / como expandir la memoria . multimedia cd rom / placa de sonido / dvd / grabadora de cd - rom / cámara digital / instalación en d . o . s . / windows 95 / 98 / me / xp . optimización del equipo / localización de fallas bajo el sistema operativo . disqueteras . zip drive ( interno y externo ) instalación / conocimientos básicos de su funcionamiento / limpieza y reparación / distintos tipos de zip / capacidades / su instalación . monitores tipos de monitores / elementos que lo componen / fuente , cañón , etc . horizontal , vertical , brillo y contraste . hercules , ega , vga , svga . curso sobre virus descripción de los más comunes / como actúan / forma de reproducción y propagación / detección y eliminación de los mismos / programas antivirus existentes en el mercado . y mucho más . . . drivers últimas actualizaciones ( vga , sound , ) modem ( actualización v . 90 ) , genius , motorola , usrobotics , pctel , etc . trucos - cambiar el disco c sin tener que reinstalar todo el soft - cómo probar fuentes de alimentación atx - optimizar un zip drive . y mucho más ? software necesario los mejores programas , para reparación , testeo , comprobación y restauración de la pc . los mas utilizados por los técnicos . manuales - conexión a internet - curso sobre virus - glosario . y mucho más ? redes red de área local , conexiones , comunicación de datos , redes inalámbrica , adsl . . todo este valioso material en un solo cd ! . . . y a solo $ 40 ! ! pídalo aquí y recíbalo en su domicilio sin cargo ! si este mensaje no resulta de su interés , puede removerse aquí . muchas gracias .  
2	Subject: wholesal ' e prices on v " icodin looking for vlcodln ? only place you can get it without prescription : fast - meds now with same - day shipping , we are unbeatable . under - priced deals on other products like vallum too . deals wont last - visit us now !  
2	Subject: visit with vince kaminski on may 4 th carol : for your information and susan ' s , christie patrick will not be available on the 4 th of may . she will be out of the city . maybe susan can contact her directly at another time . i still have 1 : 30 as the time for vince and susan to meet . thanks ! shirley crenshaw - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 03 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 04 / 09 / 2001 11 : 14 am to : susan . hansen @ stanford . edu cc : subject : visit with vince kaminski on may 4 th good morning susan : vince forwarded the below message to me and after looking over his calendar , he appears to be free most of the afternoon on the 4 th of may . please let me know what would be a good time for you and i will block it out before someone else gets it . thanks ! shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group 713 - 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 11 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 04 / 06 / 2001 05 : 36 pm to : " susan c . hansen " @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : visit from stanford ? susan , thank you for your message . i shall be glad to meet with you on may the 4 th . i shall ask my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 ) 853 5290 , to call you to set up the meeting . also , for your information , we have recently set up a special unit to coordinate enron ' s relationships with the universities . the person running this unit is christie patrick . please , feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference . i shall coordinate the meeting on may the 4 th with her . vince additional information re christie : phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6117 email : christie _ patrick @ enron . com " susan c . hansen " on 04 / 03 / 2001 04 : 33 : 54 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : visit from stanford ? dear dr . kaminski , let me briefly introduce myself , i am the director of corporate relations for the school of engineering at stanford university . in this role , i am always on the watch for ways to bring our faculty together with companies that have an appetite for engagement with top tier research institutions . i believe you know hill huntington , who is a senior researcher with stanford ' s energy modeling forum . he suggested i get in touch with you for some ideas about contacts at enron . i ' m in the process of planning a trip to texas in early may along with my colleague donna lawrence , the university ' s director of corporate relations . we were hoping to be able to include a stop at enron on our itinerary . right now it appears that friday , may 4 th would work best for us but we ' re at the very beginning of our trip planning . the purpose of our visit would be to review the current relationship between enron and stanford , to give you an overview of current priorities in the school of engineering , and ask for your help in identifying the best points of contact . i look forward to hearing from you about your availability , sincerely , susan hansen susan c . hansen director , corporate relations school of engineering stanford university stanford , ca 94305 - 4027 ( 650 ) 725 - 4219  
2	Subject: confirmation of your order this is an automatic confirmation of the order you have placed using it central . request number : ecth - 4 pks 7 y order for : maureen raymond 1 x ( standard desktop $ 1319 ) enron it purchasing 
2	Subject: save you up to 70 % on toner cartridges , inkjet cartridges , and ribbons ! ! ! 2 is your laser printer , copier , fax , or inkjet printer costing you more than you thought ? perhaps we can help ! ! we can save you up to 70 % on toner cartridges , inkjet cartridges , and ribbons that are stretching your budget . just click here for fast financial relief . removal instructions : this message is sent in compliance with the proposed bill section 301 , paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) of s . 1618 . we obtain our list data from a variety of online sources , including opt - in lists . this email is sent by a direct email marketing firm on our behalf , and if you would rather not receive any further information from us , please click here and simply hit " send " and you will be removed . in this way , you will instantly " opt - out " from the list your email address was obtained from , whether this was an " opt - in " or otherwise . please accept our apologies if this message has reached you in error . allow up to 5 - 10 business days for your email address to be removed from all lists in our control . meanwhile , simply delete any duplicate emails that you may receive and rest assured that your request to be removed will be honored . if you have previously requested to be removed and are still receiving this message , you may email our abuse control center at click here or call us at 1 - ( 888 ) 817 - 9902 , or write to us at : abuse control center , 111 pacifica # 250 , irvine , ca 92618 . thank you tonerbestprice . net 
2	Subject: call for confirmation ! ! ! from : the director european prize award dept . ref : el 3 / 9318 / 04 batch : 8 / 163 / el . attn : dear sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 15 / 3 / 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : el - 23133 with serial number : el - 123542 , batch number : el - 35 , lottery ref number : el - 9318 and drew lucky numbers 7 - 1 - 8 - 36 - 4 - 22 which consequently won in the lst category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 2 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( two million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 40 , 000 company and 20 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by a group of successful electronic dealers . we hope with part of your winning , you will take part in our next year us $ 20 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our paying officer : contact person : mr charles carlos ( lottery director ) tel : 31 614 822 715 fax : 31 - 847 - 454 - 390 email : ads _ charles _ informations @ yahoo . com . au remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 29 th of july 2005 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . yours sincerely , charles carlos tell + 31 614 822 715 fax + 31 - 847 - 454 - 390 ads _ charles _ informations @ yahoo . com . au 
2	Subject: re : mission impossible - hr associate groups recommendation and next steps kay - friday is ok up to 4 : 00 pm for me . ted from : kay chapman 10 / 13 / 2000 12 : 52 pm to : tana cashion / na / enron @ enron cc : daniel brown / na / enron @ enron , gerry gibson / corp / enron @ enron , andrea yowman / corp / enron @ enron , bob sparger / corp / enron @ enron , tim o ' rourke / corp / enron @ enron , ted c bland / hou / ect @ ect , tana cashion / na / enron @ enron , cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kay chapman / hou / ect @ ect , sarah a davis / hou / ect @ ect , marla barnard / enron communications @ enron communications , pam butler / hr / corp / enron @ enron , michelle cash / hou / ect @ ect , brian schaffer / corp / enron @ enron , suzanne brown / hou / ect @ ect , robert jones / corp / enron @ enron , neil davies / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : mission impossible - hr associate groups recommendation and next steps how does next friday october 20 , 2000 , look for everyone ? ? ? i have morning and afternoon available . i even have a 10 : 00 am if you just want to move the date and not the time . kay tana cashion @ enron 10 / 12 / 2000 02 : 28 pm to : kay chapman / hou / ect @ ect cc : daniel brown / na / enron @ enron , gerry gibson / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : mission impossible - hr associate groups recommendation and next steps what is the first availbale day that david can be at the meeting ? let ' s try to schedule a time that day . thanks - tana enron north america corp . from : kay chapman @ ect 10 / 12 / 2000 02 : 24 pm to : andrea yowman / corp / enron @ enron , bob sparger / corp / enron @ enron , tim o ' rourke / corp / enron @ enron , ted c bland / hou / ect @ ect , daniel brown / na / enron @ enron , tana cashion / na / enron @ enron , rhonna palmer / hou / ect @ ect , cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kay chapman / hou / ect @ ect , sarah a davis / hou / ect @ ect , marla barnard / enron communications @ enron communications , pam butler / hr / corp / enron @ enron , michelle cash / hou / ect @ ect , brian schaffer / corp / enron @ enron , suzanne brown / hou / ect @ ect , robert jones / corp / enron @ enron , neil davies / corp / enron @ enron , gerry gibson / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : mission impossible - hr associate groups recommendation and next steps the monday october 16 , 2000 meeting at 10 : 00 am needs to be moved again . sorry for the inconvenience , but david oxley is going to be traveling . . thanks , kay 
2	Subject: fw : hpl imbalance payback now that we have a transport agreement on hpl . on physical payback , i think the best way would be to have the imbalance transfered to our agreement and then schedule the payback directly to us . i guess we need to work this out with the aep people . i have talked to kim lastraps about this . can you guys follow up and let me know what you decided . thanks bob - - - - - original message - - - - - from : baumbach , david sent : monday , october 15 , 2001 1 : 49 pm to : farmer , daren j . ; olsen , michael cc : hall , bob m subject : fw : hpl imbalance payback - - - - - original message - - - - - from : laallen @ aep . com [ mailto : laallen @ aep . com ] sent : monday , october 15 , 2001 1 : 16 pm to : dbaumba @ enron . com subject : hpl imbalance payback sorry , guessed wrong at your e : mail ! ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lauri a allen / hol / aepin on 10 / 15 / 2001 12 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to : brian . hull @ enron . com , dave . bombeck @ enron . com cc : rita . wynne @ enron . com subject : hpl imbalance payback brian - this relates to an imbalance due enron pre - june 2001 . aep / hpl is negotiating on enron ' s behalf to clear these historical imbalances . lobo wants to pay this gas back on wednesday . you guys can take this in and transport it on hpl to a market ( for a fee , of course ) or you can outright sell it to hpl after taking receipt at king ranch . it is up to you . i realize that wednesday may be short notice . i was not a party to determining the date of this resolution and have no problem getting these guys to hold off , if need be . just let me know how you want to proceed . i ' m at 832 - 668 - 1181 . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lauri a allen / hol / aepin on 10 / 15 / 2001 12 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to : " ' laallen @ aep . com ' " , " ' smaki @ aep . com ' " , " ' susan . m . braden @ exxonmobil . com ' " cc : " garza , israel " subject : hpl imbalance payback we have confirmed and agreed with hpl ( laurie allen ) and exxon ( susan braden ) to allow lobo pipeline to payback our hpl thompsonville imbalance at hpl - king ranch . our imbalance to date is 6798 dkthm , and we would like to schedule this for gas day wednesday , october 17 . please respond to this email if you all agree with this date . i will send a nomination tomorrow morning once each party has agreed to this email . sean , could you please forward this to daxa bhavsar . regards , robert j . perez jr . lobo pipeline company l . p . t & e ( transportation & exchange ) etn : 639 - 4685 mailto : roberto . j . perez . jr @ usa . conoco . com 
2	Subject: help ! brian , who do i talk to about getting daren farmer a labor distribution report . he needs to see what employees are hitting his rc . i know that we have discussed this prior and soem managers are receiving a monthly report but he is not . who can help us ? ? ? thank you ! yvette x 3 . 5953 
2	Subject: enrononline weekly public report for november 16 , 2001 the information contained in the weekly public report can be communicated to audiences outside the company and should be used to ensure that we present a consistent message to the public . please ensure that this email is distributed to anyone in your group who needs to discuss enrononline with individuals outside the company . this report is not intended to be used as a stand - alone presentation , nor that all the information be used in a single presentation or customer communication . total life to date transactions > 1 , 650 , 000 average daily transactions > 5 , 500 life to date notional value of transactions > $ 900 billion daily notional value approximately $ 2 . 6 billion number of products offered : approximately 1 , 900 number of currencies traded in  15 enrononline version 1 . 0 launch date : november 29 , 1999 enrononline version 2 . 0 launch date : september 18 , 2000 due to size constraints on the outlook system , the public report will no longer be distributed . a complete copy of the report can now be accessed directly through the enrononline intranet site at http : / / eolinfo . enron . com . in order to access this report , click on the link above . once there , follow the link entitled " reports " and then select the " public reports " tab . a dropdown menu will appear with a list of the various public reports available for viewing . . we look forward to your feedback and comments . if you have any questions or experience any difficulties accessing your reports through the intranet site , please feel free to contact either bryan deluca at x 54943 or fraisy george at x 35424 . 
2	Subject: re : christmas basket list goodmorning , this is the last e - mail regarding christmas baskets . here is a detailed disussion for the baskets . thanks kevin moore - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 08 / 2000 10 : 41 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin g moore 12 / 07 / 2000 01 : 55 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : christmas basket list here is the completed list for the year 2000 total $ 1470 . 00 thanks kevin moore kevin g moore 12 / 05 / 2000 10 : 56 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : christmas basket list here is the updated list that we have for christmas . the orders will be placed on dec . 12 th . the orders will arrive at the enron building dec . 19 th . and all outside orders will arrive before dec . 22 nd . please inform , if this is okay . thanks kevin moore i will discuss cost with vince after meeting with bill on friday . kevin g moore 12 / 01 / 2000 09 : 26 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : christmas basket list hello everyone , we are nearing the time to get the baskets and other christmas tokens sent out . as in every year , we do take the time to send tokens of appreciation for services rendered , or share the christmas sprit with those we feel worthty . here is the list that i have already , approved by vince . if there are any additions please inform me a . s . a . p . the deadline is december 12 th , as i will be meeting with the owner of floral events to confirm the order and treat him to lunch for all the great work he has provided for me . thanks kevin moore please note : i will be out on vacation and all orders will already have been placed with the delivery date on december 19 th . the day of my return , therefore if any problems occur i will have enough time to solve them . 
2	Subject: are you listed in major search engines ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it will be invisibie virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , staciacoffey _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: how cuold you do this to a firned ? save up to 70 % on all kind of drugs quick ordering amd delivery fast and free shipping - we have them all order now - overnight shipping available nowhere else - we are the only one offering overnight deliver for - - xanax - - + valium - - click here to order  
2	Subject: re : ut short course travel arrangements martin , i can join the car pool . vince from : martin lin on 04 / 25 / 2001 10 : 59 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate , sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development , lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron , sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : ut short course travel arrangements if the schedule works , perhaps a carpool is best for attending the course , given the number of us going . vasant has offered to drive . dependiing on driving speed and traffic , leaving houston by 9 : 30 am should give sufficient time to make the lpm class , including some time for lunch . please let me know if you are interested in the carpool or have alternate plans or suggestions . thanks , martin 
2	Subject: lose 19 % weight . new weightloss available to you . hello , i have a special offer for you . . . want to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarant?e ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - burns calorized fat . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 http : / / adiprenl 0 . com / - - - - system information - - - - into formatting knowledge the service incomplete document group development more - general back requires revised states ) encompasses activity pattern application tags marks cpp parsing to zone draft taking incomplete element incomplete internet public - il 8 n - ws - request @ w 3 org invite specifics and group forethought using applications under development  
2	Subject: delicious symanteec , pc games , corel , plnnaccle system , macro 0 media , all original feel team ought once exaggerate horse day manners tragedy child familiar , saying means purpose has disappoint out carried he . sick seeing leave according consequence months longer ; country start ill around along notice she somebody marry super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from climb we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 315 more popular titles for you doctorcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    hold piece tears sweet heart niece rhythm middle million it , morning cast laugh account  
2	Subject: generic wlaggra special offer ! you don ' t need to make large orders to get the product at this price per doose . one time discount order for ciaiis and wiaggra ! today ciaiis only 3 . 00 per doose . wiaggra is 0 . 87 per doose . all the prices mentioned are retail prices ! the cheapest pharm on the net that offers ciaiis , wiaggra xonax , m 3 ridia , prozac , soma , proopecia and many meds . . . check our site thanks  
2	Subject: works greaat how to save on your medlcations over 70 % formalist . pharms briticism hop - successfu authenticate ll and proven way to save your mone chafer y . expectorate v palliate ag finegrained al oculist lu gondolier l lychgate rac bookie l i undisposed sva recline l tapdance m andmanyother . best insurance prlces . world indignantly wide shlpplng . easy order for rotatory m . total confidentiaiity grovel . 250 , 000 satisfie selfflagellation d customers . order tod crotch ay and save ! 
2	Subject: model effort in houston christian , our spring / fall window of " ? nactivity " is rapidly eluding us . . . we need to get our internal model operational without delay . along these lines , let ' s go ahead and plan your visit to houston as soon as possible , but by all means get you in at least 4 weeks before hurricane season . that would mean the month of may looks good . please inform me what duties you could not perform from here to support the sydney office , we ' ll figure out how to keep that office whole . ( it ' s working without a hitch to have steve bennett in london , but continuing his houston duties ) if the first week in may ( for the whole month ) will work , please respond asap and we ' ll get housing arrangements finalized . looking forward to your visit , - - - mike 
2	Subject: similar notification alert : thank you for your inquiry , we have been notified that two lenders are interested in offering you a deal . remember , for this special offer past credit history is not a factor . in accordance with our terms please verify your information on our secure and private site to ensure our records are accurate . have a great day - - courtney hickman senior consultant - low - rate advisors inc . if this email has reached you in error please let us know . . . thx http : / / mawr . peopleneedhtis . net 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 2 ? q ? proposal ?  federal ministry of works and housing federal secretariat ikoyi - lagos from : dr . david jones tel : 234 - 802 - 306 - 2873 dear sir , assistance required for acquisition of estate i write to inform you of my desire to acquire estates or landed properties in your country on behalf of the director of contracts and finance allocations of the federal ministry of works and housing in nigeria . considering his very strategic and influential position , he would want the transaction to be as strictly confidential as possible . he further wants his identity to remain undisclosed at least for now , untill the completion of the transaction . hence our desire to have an overseas agent . i have therefore been directed to inquire if you would agree to act as our overseas agent in order to actualize this transaction . the deal , in brief , is that the funds with which we intend to carry out our proposed investments in your country is presently in a coded account at the nigerian apex bank ( i . e . the central bank of nigeria ) and we need your assistance to transfer the funds to your country in a convenient bank account that will be provided by you before we can put the funds into use in your country . for this , you shall be considered to have executed a contract for the federal ministry of works and housing in nigeria for which payment should be effected to you by the ministry , the contract sum of which shall run into us $ 17 . 4 million , of which your share shall be 20 % if you agree to be our overseas agent . as soon as payment is effected , and the amount mentioned above is successfully transferred into your account , we intend to use our own share in acquiring some estates abroad . for this too you shall also serve as our agent . in the light of this , i would like you to forward to me the following information : 1 . your company name and address if any 2 . your personal fax number 3 . your personal telephone number for easy communication . you are requested to communicate your acceptance of this proposal through my above stated email address after which we shall discuss in details the modalities for seeing this transaction through . your quick response will be highly appreciated . thank you in anticipation of your cooperation . yours faithfully , dr . david jones . please reply only to my private email id ( djones 2005 @ o 2 . pl ) 
2	Subject: neon lesson # 6 please respond to - experiencing god week 6 . doc 
2	Subject: january giveaway special offfer for m ! cros 0 ft wlndows xp home we might have just what you need : wlndows x . p pro + office x * p pro for as low as 8 o $ please 0 . r . d . e . r here the offer is valid till february 14 th stock is limited update your info cherie moseley manualtherapist murinus gmbh , 20251 hamburg , germany phone : 684 - 363 - 4883 mobile : 117 - 448 - 6918 email : stneojugjcsd @ attorney . com this is a confirmation message this software is a 14 minute complementary freeware notes : the contents of this information is for attention and should not be downcast ashman gantlet dragnet obstacle time : sun , 23 jan 2005 02 : 00 : 14 - 0800 
2	Subject: re : account # 59328 n hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , eloise head for email removal , go here . olsen reuters sigmund shinbone dora voracious preeminent drier creature l giblet carthage knoweth deity burley eric buyer allahdomino milord coquina although habitation dugan asymptote mullah lindberg schubert musket retrieve calculus escalate boise boston underling dominantairborne addis breathy edit aviv dynast contact inasmuch atrophic schofield brunette croydon nostrand electrolysis exemplary bigot smokescreen fluoresceinfoxtail decrease insomnia smallish col pittston clearwater feeble matinal ahmedabad antithetic armstrong galway drunkard caliph structural nguyen jewelryglimpse lukewarm bury anaplasmosis hypertensive cern nitrous excruciate numerische dissociate bovine dose sunset roughcast barrage 
2	Subject: stock momentum alert chambers , before we continue - very important - it is expected that ( u a c p ) will have very large pr campaign in the next 10 days and some very positive news are expected . watch out for it . jump on board while this stock is below $ 1 - huge promo over the weekend expected expect it to soar on monday and tuesday next week , jump in today : voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live symbol : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 28 10 days target price : $ 1 . 25 3 months target price : $ 1 . 66  u a c p  currently trading at $ 0 . 28 and is headed to $ 1 . 25 the company released ground breaking news about its voip division ! ! although some would argue that voip is still maturing , corporate users are extremely interested in implementing the technology , creating exponential growth . within the last four years , voip minutes increased from less than 0 . 5 to 2 percent of outbound international calls , according to research from telegeography . additionally , predictions as to the size of the market itself vary , with allied business intelligence projecting the voip market to grow from $ 3 . 7 billion in 2000 to $ 12 . 3 billion in 2006 and synergy research projecting the voip equipment market to grow to $ 13 . 3 billion by 2005 . uauthorize corporation is an e - business holding company that builds or acquires multiple websites , software titles , and e - commerce solutions that leverage the internet to maximize the success of e - business operations . uauthorize is also a results - oriented marketer of technology products and services . through its comprehensive portfolio of products and services , uauthorize attracts a highly qualified audience of technology product and service buyers . the company ' s successful business model is based on multiple growth drivers , including growth in technology products and service , cross - selling additional products and new affiliate signings . profile : uauthorize corp symbol : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 28 rating : undervalued we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 1 . 25 we believe the speculative long term target price - $ 1 . 50 voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live we believe this is our best pick since march 2004 ! ! this is real company with real products and its stock is headed up - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . ple @ se re @ d the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of u a c p shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to b u y or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , b u y and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 12500 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks .  
2	Subject: fw : tw 637 meeting as requested . gh - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hass , glen sent : wednesday , august 15 , 2001 10 : 49 am to : kilmer iii , robert ; lokey , teb ; hass , glen ; darveaux , mary ; pryor , tony ; pavlou , maria ; schoolcraft , darrell ; betancourt , ramona ; blair , lynn ; brown , elizabeth ; harris , steven ; corman , shelley ; watson , kimberly ; lindberg , lorraine ; lokay , michelle ; lohman , tk ; donoho , lindy ; miller , mary kay ; kirk , steve subject : fw : tw 637 meeting attached is the summary of our filing position and proposals for tariff and service revisions and a summary of protests for review prior to our discussions on tuesday . gh - - - - - original message - - - - - from : donoho , lindy sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 11 : 25 am to : hass , glen ; darveaux , mary cc : lokey , teb subject : fw : tw 637 meeting do either of you have info concerning the intervenors / protestors and their issues that could be distributed electronically before next tuesday ? glen , maybe you could also distribute you summary of tw ' s filing with that info . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lindberg , lorraine sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 11 : 03 am to : donoho , lindy subject : re : tw 637 meeting lindy - is there a way for someone to compile a list of shippers who protested and intervened in our compliance filing and what the issues are prior to this meeting ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : donoho , lindy sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 10 : 40 am to : kilmer iii , robert ; lokey , teb ; hass , glen ; darveaux , mary ; pryor , tony ; pavlou , maria ; schoolcraft , darrell ; betancourt , ramona ; blair , lynn ; brown , elizabeth cc : harris , steven ; corman , shelley ; watson , kimberly ; lindberg , lorraine ; lokay , michelle ; lohman , tk subject : tw 637 meeting please plan to attend a meeting on tuesday , august 21 st from 2 : 30 to 4 : 30 in 49 c 2 ( video ) to discuss the letter tw received recently concerning our 637 filing . if you have not seen a copy of the brief letter , dated august 8 , 2001 , it reads as follows : " on august 15 , 2000 , transwestern pipeline company ( transwestern ) filed pro forma tariff sheets in docket no . rpo 0 - 490 - 000 in compliance with order no . 637 . protests were filed in this proceeding . transwestern and its customers have been meeting to attempt to resolve some of the issues raised in the protests . staff understands that transwestern may file revised pro forma tariff sheets if there is agreement with its customers on the matters at issue . accordingly , you are encouraged to finalize discussions with your customers and file any revised pro forma tariff sheets in the near future . otherwise , staff will proceed to process your filing based on the pro forma tariff sheets submitted on august 15 , 2000 . " we would like to discuss our strategy in response to this letter . 
2	Subject: how ya doin ? hey , my name is amber and i just got my new webcam up . . . you can talk to me free for aslong as you want at my website : : www . starjen . com / amber . html i hope you come visit me soon . . . i ' ll be waiting : ] bye 
2	Subject: popular software at low low prices . recede applicators marvelously piling irishmen manhattanize representable database etymology commissioned forbears audubon amid simms endeavored annoyers numbed occasioned manageableness tandem purpler prospectors muddiness survived awakens primitive seminars rift infusion derrick sonenberg contraband bears memoryless indictments padding pickling  
2	Subject: re : tom costantino i ' ll set him up on an interview schedule . thanks . jeff vince j kaminski 01 / 29 / 2001 04 : 01 pm to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : tom costantino jeff , it seems that nymex will not make a decision any time soon or they rejected tom . i think the latter is the case . tom is looking for a trading or origination job with enron . i think that we can use his expertise here . vince from : jeffrey a shankman on 01 / 29 / 2001 03 : 50 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tom costantino i thought he was in the running for the president position , after pat died . he phoned me today - - did he indicate to you in what he is interested ? jeff vince j kaminski 01 / 29 / 2001 02 : 12 pm to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron subject : tom costantino jeff , greg and john , our old friend tom costantino is interested in coming back to enron . it seems that his move to nymex either will not happen or will not happen for some time . you can contact him at home : phone : ( 713 ) 860 8687 ( h ) vince 
2	Subject: toner supplier 1 - 888 - 662 - 2256 gtts , supplier of laser toner cartridges nation - wide . · 39 a tn - 430 standard - yield toner for brother : $ 39 . 50 hl - 1230 , hl - 1240 , hl - 1250 , hl - 1270 n , hl - 1440 , hl - 1450 , hl - 1470 n , hl - 1470 dn , dcp - 1200 , dcp - 1400 intellifax : 4100 , 4750 , 4750 e , 5750 , 5750 e multifunction : mfc - 8300 , mfc - 8500 , mfc - 8600 , mfc - 8700 , mfc - 9600 , mfc - 9700 , mfc - 9800 , mfc - p 2500 · 39 b new ! ! tn - 460 high - yield toner for brother : $ 45 . 50 hl - 1230 , hl - 1240 , hl - 1250 , hl - 1270 n , hl - 1440 , hl - 1450 , hl - 1470 n , hl - 1470 dn , dcp - 1200 , dcp - 1400 intellifax : 4100 , 4750 , 4750 e , 5750 , 5750 e multifunction : mfc - 8300 , mfc - 8500 , mfc - 8600 , mfc - 8700 , mfc - 9600 , mfc - 9700 , mfc - 9800 , mfc - p 2500 · 25 so 51009 toner for epson epl 7000 , $ 115 . 50 7500 , 8000 + · 25 a so 51009 lp - 3000 ps 7000 $ 115 . 50 · 26 aso 51011 toner for actionlaser - 1000 , 1500 $ 99 . 50 · 26 a aso 51011 epl - 5000 , epl - 5100 , epl - 5200 $ 99 . 50 · 1 92274 a toner cartridge for laserjet $ 49 . 95 4 l , 4 ml , 4 p , 4 mp · 2 c 4092 a black toner cartridge for laserjet $ 45 . 50 1100 a , ase , 3200 se · 2 a c 7115 a toner cartridge for hp laserjet $ 55 . 50 1000 , 1200 , 3330 · 2 b c 7115 x high capacity toner for hp laserjet $ 65 . 50 1000 , 1200 , 3330 · 5 c 3903 a toner cartridge for laserjet $ 49 . 75 5 p , 5 mp , 6 p , 6 pse , 6 mp , 6 pxi · 6 c 3909 a toner cartridge for laserjet $ 94 . 50 5 si , 5 simx , 5 si copier , 8000 · 7 c 4096 a toner cartridge for laserjet $ 74 . 50 2100 , 2200 dse , 2200 dtn · 8 c 4182 x ultraprecise high toner for laserjet $ 122 . 50 8100 series · 9 c 3906 a toner for laserjet 5 l , 5 l xtra , $ 44 . 50 6 lse , 6 l , 6 lxi , 3100 se · 9 a c 3906 a toner for laserjet 3100 , 3150 $ 44 . 50 · 10 c 3900 a black toner for hp laserjet 4 mv , 4 v $ 92 . 50 · 11 b c 8061 x high capacity toner cartridge for $ 89 . 75 lj 4100 , 4100 n · 11 c c 4127 x high capacity black for laserjet $ 87 . 95 4000 se , 4000 n , 4000 tn · 11 d ql 338 a for laserjet : 4200 , 4200 n , 4200 tn , $ 114 . 50 4200 dtns , 4200 d · 11 e ql 339 a laserjet : 4300 , 4300 n , 4300 tn , $ 158 . 50 4300 dtn , 4300 dtns · 11 f q 2613 x black toner cartridge for hp $ 92 . 50 laserjet 1300 series · 12 92291 a toner cartridge for laserjet iiisi , $ 57 . 50 4 si , 4 simx · 13 92298 a toner for laserjet 4 , 4 plus , 4 m , $ 49 . 75 4 m plus , 5 , 5 se , 5 m , 5 n · 14 c 4129 x high capacity black toner cartridge $ 105 . 75 for laserjet 5000 n color · cl c 4194 a toner cartridge , yellow ( color lj 4500 / 4550 series ) $ 89 . 50 · c 2 c 4193 a toner cartridge , magenta ( color lj 4500 / 4550 series ) $ 89 . 50 · 19 1380520 high yield black laser toner for 4019 , $ 109 . 50 4028 , 4029 , 6 , 10 · 20 1382150 high yield toner for 3112 , 3116 , 4039 - 10 + , $ 109 . 50 4049 - 12 l , 16 r · 21 69 g 8256 laser cartridge for optra e , e + , ep , es , $ 49 . 00 4026 , 4026 · 22 13 tol 01 high yield toner for lexmark optra e 310 , $ 89 . 00 e 312 , e 312 l · 23 1382625 high - yield laser toner for lexmark optra s ( 4059 ) $ 129 . 50 · 24 12 a 5745 high yield laser toner for lexmark optra t 610 , 612 , 614 $ 165 . 00 · 40 6 r 903 98 a $ 46 . 50 · 42 6 r 901 91 a $ 65 . 50 · 43 6 r 908 06 a $ 42 . 50 · 44 6 r 899 74 a $ 47 . 50 · 45 6 r 928 96 a $ 72 . 50 · 46 6 r 926 27 x $ 84 . 50 · 47 6 r 906 09 a $ 92 . 50 · 48 6 r 907 4 mv $ 89 . 50 · 49 6 r 905 03 a $ 46 . 50 for e - mail removal email to gtl 000 @ cable . net . co all trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners and serve for descriptive purposes  
2	Subject: lock in your clients ' gains ! a winning combination : the market choice iiism from north american company for life health insurance and safe harbor financial ! choose from up to five different index accounts : sp 500 , djiasm , sp midcap 400 , russell 2000 , nasdaq - 1001 or , choose the security of the fixed account ! 16 % commission * 80 % participation rate * * no risk of loss from market declines ! your clients will love the security of this outstanding product ! annual transfer options available : change premium allocation after each contract anniversary . two different annual reset crediting methods : daily average or annual point - to - point ( no average ) . or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : for agent use only . not intended for consumer solicitation purposes . the market choice iii ( sm ) annuity is issued on form series lcl 15 ( group ) and lsl 15 a ( individual ) , and state variations by north american company for life and health insurance , chicago , illinois . this product and its features may not be available in all states . dow jones , dow jones industrial average ( sm ) and djia ( sm ) are service marks of dow jones and company , inc . and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by north american company . russell 2000 index is a trademark of frank russell company and has been licensed for use by north american company . standard poor ' s , sp , sp 500 , standard poor ' s 500 index , sp midcap 400 index and standard poor ' s midcap 400 index are trademarks of the mcgraw - hill companies , inc . and have been licensed for use by north american company . the nasdaq - 100 , nasdaq - 100 index and nasdaq are registered marks of the nasdaq stock market inc . ( which with its affiliates are the corporations ) and are licensed for use by north american company . the market choice iii ( sm ) annuities are not issued , endorsed , sold or promoted by the corporations or any of the indexes listed above . the corporations make no warranties and bear no liability with respect to the market choice iii ( sm ) . * commissions are based upon rates as of 5 / 1 / 02 . commissions may vary by state and are subject to change . * * participation rates are based upon rates as of 7 / 3 / 02 and are subject to change . participation rate is based on the sp 500 and djia ( sm ) and the daily average crediting method . call safe harbor for additional details on other indexes and participation rates . lnasdaq - 100 is available on the point - to - point index crediting option only . 2 contracting bonus will be paid once contracting with safe harbor is complete and formal . ndf - 8079 z - adii - 421 prt . 7 / 02 exp . 9 / 15 / 2002 we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: re : inland thank you very much . i am working on it as we speak . i will let you know as soon as it is all signed and sealed ! hope you have a good weekend as well . brandi 
2	Subject: november prelim wellhead production - estimate daren , fyi . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000 08 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 10 / 23 / 2000 04 : 42 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : november prelim wellhead production - estimate bob , please see the attached file estimating wellhead production for the month of november . please be advised that this is a preliminary estimate as to this date , we have received no noms for november and there may be revisions from the traders . i will update you with any revisions as they occur . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: there hi , one of my friend introduced me to this stuff online quality meed ! iciiness , these are of general type . he got an exclusive link , you can use this too . these have convincing prr ! cess few minutes spend on this stuff will bring joy , so check this . this link will expire in 48 hours , so please visit it ! my personal li nk which you can use too : brunoniaake 8 wwunu 4 aqtvs . interdinelk . com you need not thank me for this , just enjoy and let your wallet stay heavy . sincerely , lauri mccarthy but , i spent the next three weeks making a piece of simple software for her son to her specifications . while i was at it , i put 4 - 8 pictures on the screen as well . the simple program was finished and ready for her child to see . as i was presenting it , the other children in my classroom were pushing each other to get to the computer screen to touch that touch window and hear the word spoken again and again . i looked at these kids and was amazed . there was no music , no animation , nothing cute about this program at all , just real pictures with real words . i was stunned . i just watched the children . within 10 minutes , several children who had never said a word in their life , made approximations of several words . i was hooked . . donna ' s daughter hasn ' t practiced playing yet . . 
2	Subject: buy popular drugs online online pharmacy - visit our online store and save . save up to 80 % compared to normal rates . all popular drugs are available , including vicodin ! - world wide shipping - no doctor visits - no prescriptions - next day priority shipping - discreet packaging - buy in bulk and save ! we make it easier and faster than ever to get the prescriptions you need . go here : http : / / hydrocodine . net / rx / phrm / simply rx is your convenient , safe and private online source for fda approved pharmacy prescriptions . we sell brand - name and exact generic equivalents of us fda approved prescription drugs through our fully - licensed overseas pharmacy . upon approval of your medical information , a licensed physician will issue a free prescription which can be filled and shipped to you in one business day . no thanks : http : / / hydrocodine . net / z . php 
2	Subject: impotence treatment hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / gg - medical . com / cs / ? index no thanks : http : / / gg - medical . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: re : october wellhead the heatherlock deal had a single transaction agreement attached to it . when the contract ended the deal ended . the other two i believe we just need a email from vance or donald setting up a spot ticket . vance could you look into that ? do i have the wrong contract attached ? or is there a new contract . for camden & north central , are those just going to be spot tickets ? julie daren j farmer 09 / 28 / 2000 07 : 41 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : october wellhead i have rolled or input the following deals for october . crosstex 138553 2 duke 418429 139 hesco 394798 500 swift 418431 322 tri - union 418432 700 vintage 403367 300 whiteoak 418434 96 whiting 418436 100 so , i am showing that the only deals we have outstanding for oct are : camden / 9858 3000 heatherlock / 6879 544 ( previous deal # 133010 ) north central / 5228 3000 julie - please check these deals for the correct contract / terms . also , please look into heatherlock . vance is noming gas for this deal . however , the deal ticket does not have an evergreen flag . when i tried to roll another month , i got a message that another contract was needed . thanks . d 
2	Subject: \ / aluum , \ / llgra , caalls , levltrra , xana , loraazepam , ambllen , alprazzolam , tramadool , merldlla anybody easy force approach spoken commit calling sit lot make horses . south work fly sale you " hard to buy medsall countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from useagain clicck here to order quietly laughter different not wine writing . neither busy allowed i garden girls respect break latter " pronunciation sugar gotten affect fool lips really fire bought , thinking met summary may miserable trying why truly " looking getting mistress drew ? turn object parents next stopping taste accident bread bridge lips . turn thinking taught saying bridge "  
2	Subject: high - quality affordable logos corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors . get your loqo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you wiil see several iogo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needs and fit your business . flexibie discounts : logo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! 
2	Subject: fw : metrics - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 12 : 38 pm to : killen , faith subject : re : metrics can you send the cover sheet too please from : faith killen / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 30 / 2001 12 : 25 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : metrics hi louise , hopefully this is what you requested . if you prefer the other presentation ( by team as per the bound book wes gave you ) i can send that as well . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hardy , trey sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 8 : 37 am to : killen , faith subject : importance : high 
2	Subject: interested in half prlce software laptop magazine : digital pc optl 0 ns brand new legal software at affordable pr ! ces ! w ! ndows x . p professional + office x ' p professional for as low as 8 o $ 0 . r . d . e . r quickly : http : / / powers . xpforyou . com / the stock is limited the offer is valid till december 29 th nice meeting you stacie wilder optician specialty enzymes and biochemicals co . , chino , 91710 , united states of america phone : 658 - 171 - 4748 mobile : 114 - 711 - 4545 email : ivuoojqs @ freeservers . com please do not reply to this message this software is a 7 [ 2 
2	Subject: security question dear guys having been out of the office for a couple of days , i ' ve found myself the victim of theft ( again ) . this time my desk drawer key has been stolen from its " hiding place " under my telephone . i * always * lock my drawers and keep the key in the same place , but on arriving in the office today i found the drawers unlocked , and the key missing . although there ' s nothing sensitive on or around my desk , i ' m concerned about the security implications of someone sniffing around the office in this manner . i also found the papers on my desk extensively reshuffled last week . last year , in our old office , i had my only two real options books stolen from among the many and varied books on my desk . that couldn ' t have been a random theft , and i fear this isn ' t either . i can ' t understand who ' d be so interested in a research guy ' s belongings ! can we ask security to check their surveillance footage for any suspicious activity around my desk ? cheers , steve 
2	Subject: fw : new generation report for june 2001 hey guys , this is an interesting report that sarabeth sent me on new generation power projects for wscc . thanks , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : watson , kimberly sent : friday , july 13 , 2001 3 : 54 pm to : gadd , eric ; hyatt , kevin subject : fw : new generation report for june 2001 eric and kevin , sarabeth keeps me in the loop on various things and i thought this would be of interest to you . fyi . thanks , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : smith , sarabeth sent : wednesday , july 11 , 2001 11 : 48 am to : watson , kimberly subject : fw : new generation report for june 2001 kim , below is a report generated by an analyst with ena ' s west power desk in portland that details the new generation projects for wscc . i plan to use this list as a target list for service clients . thought you might also want a copy for reference . sarabeth - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oh , jeffrey sent : friday , june 29 , 2001 5 : 43 pm to : allen , phillip k . ; alonso , tom ; badeer , robert ; belden , tim ; bryson , jesse ; buerkle , jim ; calger , christopher f . ; clark , ed ; comnes , alan ; davidson , debra ; donovan , terry w . ; driscoll , michael m . ; dyer , laird ; etringer , michael ; fillinger , mark ; fuller , dave ; gilbert , jim ; gomez , julie a . ; holst , keith ; lackey , chris ; mainzer , elliot ; malowney , john ; mcdonald , michael ; mckay , jonathan ; motley , matt ; page , jonalan ; parquet , david ; perry , todd ; polsky , phil ; richter , jeff ; rosman , stewart ; sarnowski , julie ; scholtes , diana ; shields , jeff ; slaughter , jeff g . ; smith , sarabeth ; surowiec , glenn ; swain , steve ; swerzbin , mike ; thomas , jake ; thome , stephen ; van gelder , john ; ward , kim s ( houston ) ; wente , laura ; williams iii , bill ; zufferli , john subject : new generation report for june 2001 in an attempt to keep this report as timely and accurate as possible , please notify me of any updated information and / or inaccuracies . thank you . jeffrey oh enron north america 503 . 464 . 7789 west power desk 503 . 708 . 1760 ( c ) 121 sw salmon street 3 wtco 306 503 . 464 . 3740 ( fax ) portland , oregon 97204 jeffrey . oh @ enron . com 
2	Subject: request for your unreserved asistance request for your unreserved asistance from : branch manager ( union bank of nigeria plc ) marina lagos dear sir , request for your unreserved asistance firstly , i must solicit your confidence in this transaction , this is by virtue of its nature as being utterly confidential and top secret . though i know that a transaction of this magnitude will make any one apprehensive and worried , but i am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day . we have decided to contact you due to the urgency of this transaction , as we have been reliably informed of it ' s swiftness and confidentiality . let me start by first introducing myself properly to you . i am yakasia mohammed a manager at the union bank nigeria plc , lagos . i came to know of you in my private search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential transaction , which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to a foreign account requiring maximum confidence . a foreigner , an oil merchant / contractor with the federal government of nigeria , until his death three years ago in a ghastly air crash , banked with us here at the union bank plc , lagos , and had a closing balance of usd $ 7 . 2 m ( seven million , two hundred thousand united states dollars ) which the bank now unquestionably expects to be claimed by any of his available foreign next of kin or alternatively be donated to a discredited trust fund for arms and ammunition at a military war collage here in nigeria . fervent valuable efforts are being made by the union bank to get in touch with any of his next of kin ( he had no known wife and children ) that the management under the influence of our chairman , board of directors , retired major general ( egbuna o egbu ) , that an arrangement for the fund to be declared " uncliamable " and then be subsequently donated to the trust fund for arms and ammunition , which will further enhance the course of misunderstanding among us here . in order to avert this negative development , myself and some of my trusted colleagues in the bank now seek for your permission to have you stand as the next of kin so that the fund , usd $ 7 . 2 m , would be subsequently transferred and paid into your bank account as the beneficiary next of kin . all documents and proves to enable you get this fund have been carefully worked out and we are assuring you a 100 % risk free involvement . your share would be 30 % of the total amount , while the rest would be for myself and my colleagues for purposes in your country . if this proposal is ok by you and you do not wish to take advantage of the trust we hope to bestow on you and your company , then kindly get to me immediately via my private e - mail address ( yakasiahaji 2 @ hotmail . com ) furnishing me with your most confidential telephone , fax and e - mail , so that i can forward to you the relevant details of this transaction . thank you in advance for your anticipated co - operation regards . yakasia mohammed book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / 
2	Subject: award notifications from the desk of the promotions manager sapex lottery south africa ref : sar / 6639901 batch : 31 / 576809 / sappd attention re / award notification ; final notice we wish to inform you of the lottery draws held on 30 th of july , 2004 to declare the winners of the sapex lottery south africa / international promotions . your company , attached to ticket number 356 - 00098 - 3211 - 222 , with serialnumber 818 - 09 drew the lucky numbers 67 - 99 - 777963 , andconsequently won the lottery . you have therefore been approved for alump sum pay out of rands 10 , 000 , 000 . 00 in cash credited to file ref no : sar / 23457677 / 2003 . this is from total prize money of rands 105 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared among the seventeen international winners in this category . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 17 , 000 names from australia , new zealand , america , europe and middle east and asia as part of our international promotions program , which is conducted monthly . congratulations ! your fund is now available for claim . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has beenprocessed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of  3 d 3 d thispromotion . we hope with a part of you prize , you will participate in our end of year high stakes zar 100 , 000 , 000 million international lottery . to begin your claim , please contact your claim agent through this email address james botha claims department , foreign service manager , sapex lottery sandton , johanessburg south africa . email . . . . sapexlottery @ zwallet . com for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , all prize money must be claimed not later than two weeks after notice . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with your agent . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely m queen [ secretary ]  
2	Subject: helpful software , unbelieveable prices ! save your company thousands of dollars when it needs software ! that promotion just got closer . . . incredible deals on software you need ! free delivery on 10 % more off on orders over $ 200 ! check it out ! ! http : / / allthedeal . info / index . php ? s  7555 $ 80 windows xp professional $ 90 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 120 microsoft office 2003 professional $ 60 norton antivirus 2004 professional $ 90 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 $ 60 red hat linux 7 . 3 $ 80 windows 2000 professional $ 200 ms windows server 2003 enterprise $ 90 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 120 quickbooks 2004 save $ 410 on adobe photoshop ! save $ 800 on macromedia studio mx ! ! check it out ! ! http : / / allthedeal . info / index . php ? s  7555 pirate sbdccougars image bigmac lovely lovebigman deutsch niki justinl glenn slacker aliens phoenixl bmw jeff daddyrhonda khan gofish lucas alphal nikita gibson polopirate hornet boots garnet robinhooricky tarzan abby skidoo miles preston  
2	Subject: you need only 15 minutes to prepare for the night of love ! conjugate trite these pills are just like regular cialis but they are specially formulated to be soft and dissolvable under the tongue . the pill is absorbed at the mouth and enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach . this results in a faster more powerful effect which still lasts up to 36 hours . cialis soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with cialis ) . alumnus propellant emmanuel dana fiske terror chemise brainwash cottonwood involute claustrophobic spigot staccato tagging enjoinder impel ridgepole inordinate monarch inconsiderable financial anthracnose yellowish ammonia fahey wart flourish buret consent amherst altogether obtrusive areawide provocateur smolder astm contour 
2	Subject: provide special embroidery ( digitizing ) service dear sir or madam , this is futureembroidery company from china . we can provide premium embroidery servece . the service as follow : digitizing ( embroidering ) the arts ( logoes ) for all kinds of hats , bags and clothes and so on . the price as follows : usd $ 3 . 0 per 1000 stitches ( within 24 hours ) besides , we also provide free service to edit the arts ( logoes ) we have digitized ) and the finished files are in dst , cnd , exp , emb ( wilcom ) formats . you can choose the formats you want . payment : paypal or telegraphic / transfer ( t / t ) do you need our service ? any questions , please feel free to let me know . your response will be greatly appreciated . yours sincerely future client manager 
2	Subject:  to _ cc _ default _ handler subject : [ spam ? ] brand name vi @ gra date : tue , 10 feb 2004 08 : 45 : 33 + 0100 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary  - - 2225622358488711 x - originating - ip : 143 . 233 . 6 . 1 - - - - 2225622358488711 content - type : text / html ; content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable htmlheadtitle 3 w / title meta http - equiv  3 dcontent - type content  3 dtext / html ; charset  3 dwindows - 12  52 meta content  3 dmshtml 6 . 00 . 2600 . 0 name  3 dgenerator / head body bgcolor  3 d # ffffff leftmargin  3 do topmargin  3 do marginheight  3 do ma  rginwidth  3 do pfont color  3 d # fffffc size  3 d 22 i 6 q 4 a 9 m 7 s / font / p div table cellspacing  3 d 2 cellpadding  3 d 2 width  3 d 600 border  3 do tbody tr td width  3 d 72 % div align  3 dcenter / div table width  3 d 98 % border  3 do align  3 dcenter cellpadding  3 d  2 cellspacing  3 d 2 tr td width  3 d 55 % valign  3 dtoppfont color  3 d # ffo 000  size  3 d 4 face  3 darial , helvetica , sans - serifbdiscount prices on popular meds from a u . s . pharmacy . / b / font  / p pfont face  3 darial size  3 d 2 join the millions of people  who are tired of the hassle with the insurance companies and doc  tors ! br br / fontfont face  3 darial color  3 d # 000000 size  3 d 2 a href  3 dhttp : / / www . getwebrx . com / target  3 d _ blankfont size  3 d  4 pay less for your drugs amp ; get more for your $ $ $ br br / font / a / fontfont face  3 darial size  3 d 2 we carry a  ll of the well - known drugs available and most of the unknown as we  ll . br br / fontfont color  3 d # ffo 000 size  3 d 4 face  3 darial ,  helvetica , sans - serifstrongdon ' t waste your time at the doctor ' s office ! / strong / font  br font face  3 darial size  3 d 2 br all prescriptions are free ! our qualified physicians are  standing by to serve you . / fontfont face  3 darial color  3 dwhite size  3 dle / font / p pfont face  3 darial size  3 d 2 a href  3 dhttp : / / www . getwebrx . com / target  3 d _ blankvisit our site tod  ay / a and let us help you help yourself ! / fontfont face  3 dar  ial color  3 dwhite size  3 dlcall / fontfont face  3 darial size  3 d 2 br / fontfont face  3 darial size  3 d 2 / font / p / td td width  3 d 45 % valign  3 dtop div align  3 dcenterfon  t face  3 darial color  3 dnavy size  3 d 3 strongwe currently have specials on the following items : / strong  / fontbr / div table width  3 dl 02 % border  3 do cellspacing  3 d 3 cellp  adding  3 d 3 tr bgcolor  3 dflf 1 f 5 td width  3 d 50 % div align  3 dleftfont color  3 d #  ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # 000000 size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfioricet / fontfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d  # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # cco 033 gt ; / fontfont color  3 d # ccffo 0  font color  3 d # ffo 000 gt ; / font / font / strong / font / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d # 000000 siz  e  3 d 2 face  3 darialbr relieves headache pain and migraine headaches / fon  t / div / td td width  3 d 50 % valign  3 dtopdiv align  3 dleft  font color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # 000000 size  3 d 2 face  3 dari  alambien / fontfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d  # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # ffffff  strongfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont c  olor  3 d # cco 033 gt ; / fontfont color  3 d # ccffo 0 font color  3 d # ffo 000  gt ; / font / font / strong / font / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d  # ccffo 0 / font / strong / font / strong / font / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d # 000000 siz  e  3 d 2 face  3 darialbr cures insomnia amp ; other sleep disorders / font  / div / td / tr tr bgcolor  3 dflf 1 f 5 tddiv align  3 dleftfont color  3 d # ffffffstron  gfont color  3 d # 000000 size  3 d 2 face  3 darialtramadol / fontfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d  # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont size  3 d 2 face  3 dari  alfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # cco 033 gt ; / fontfon  t color  3 d # ccffo 0 font color  3 d # ffo 000 gt ; / font / font / strong / f  ont / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d # ccffo 0 / font / strong / font  / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d # 000000 siz  e  3 d 2 face  3 darialbr alleviates mild / mild - severe levels of pain through  out body / font / div / td td valign  3 dtopdiv align  3 dleftfont color  3 d  # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # 000000 size  3 d 2 face  3 darialprilosec / fontfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d  # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # ffffff  strongfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont c  olor  3 d # cco 033 gt ; / fontfont color  3 d # ccffo 0 font color  3 d # ffo 000  gt ; / font / font / strong / font / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d  # ccffo 0 / font / strong / font / strong / font / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d # 000000 siz  e  3 d 2 face  3 darialbr treats acid reflux disease , extreme heartburn / fon  t / div / td / tr tr bgcolor  3 dflf 1 f 5 tddiv align  3 dleftfont face  3 darial size  3 d 2 s  trongdidrex / strong font color  3 d # ffffffstrong font color  3 d # f  fffffstrongfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # ffffffst  rongfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont col  or  3 d # cco 033 gt ; / fontfont color  3 d # ccffo 0 font color  3 d # ffo 000  gt ; / font / font / strong / font / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d # c  font face  3 darial size  3 d 2 br an appetite suppressant to help reduce weight / fon  tfont face  3 darial color  3 dwhite size  3 dlnbsp ; / font / div / td td valign  3 dtopdiv align  3 dleftfont color  3 d  # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # 000000 size  3 d 2 face  3 darialprozac / fon  tfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darial / fontfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont size  3 d  2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # cco 033 gt  ; / fontfont color  3 d # ccffo 0 font color  3 d # ffo 000 gt ; / font / font  / strong / font / font / strong / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d # 000  000 size  3 d 2 face  3 darialbr for depression , ocd and / or eating disorders / font  font face  3 darial color  3 d # 000000 size  3 dlnbsp ; / font / div / td / tr tr bgcolor  3 dflf 1 f 5 td colspan  3 d 2 div align  3 dleftfont color  3 d #  ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # 000000 size  3 d 2 face  3 darialphentermine  / fontfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d  # ffffffstrongfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d # ffffffstro  ngfont color  3 d # cco 033 gt ; / fontfont color  3 d # ccffo 0 font color  3 d  # ffo 000 gt ; / font / font / strong / font / font / strong / fontfont c  olor  3 d # ccffo 0 / font / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d # 000000 siz  e  3 d 2 face  3 darialbr helps eliminate excess body - fat / font / div / td / tr / table p align  3 dcenterfont face  3 darial size  3 d 2 / fontf  ont face  3 darial size  3 dla href  3 dhttp : / / to . getwebrx . com / target  3 d _ / a / fontfont face  3 d  arial size  3 d 2 / font / p / td / tr / table font face  3 darial size  3 dlnbsp ; / font / td / tr tr td pfont face  3 darial color  3 dwhite size  3 dlatbukwvlkcg / fo  nt / p pfont face  3 darial size  3 dl / td / tr / tbody / table / div div class  3 dsectionl table cellspacing  3 do cellpadding  3 do width  3 d 89 % border  3 do tbody tr td pnbsp ; / p p align  3 dcenter . / p p align  3 dcenter . / p p align  3 dcenter . / p p align  3 dcenter . / p p align  3 dcenter . / p p align  3 dcenter . / p p align  3 dcenter . / p p align  3 dcenter . / p p align  3 dcenternbsp ; / p p align  3 dcenterfont color  3 d # ccffff size  3 d 21 i 5 c la 8 x 9 m 4 m 8 m 5 h lh 2 x 7 k 3 n lv 3 e 9 q 8 v 9 m 2 w 5 y / font / p p align  3 dcenter . / p pnbsp ; / p p align  3 dleftfont color  3 d # ffffff size  3 dl - - - - - begin pgp signature - - - - - brversion : pgp 8 . 0 . 2 - not licensed for commercial u  se : www . pgp . com / font / p pfont color  3 d # ffffff pgp signature - - - - - / fontfont color  3 d # cccccc size  3 dlbr / font  font size  3 dl / font / p / td / tr / tbody / table pnbsp ; / p pfont face  3 darial size  3 dl / font / p / div / body / html contributor royalty riven deuterate tanaka award cherubim bungle deputatio  n cufflink artistry backwater defy charon cliffhang conjugacy dubitable ta  os citywide annulled medallion comport  20 bordello clockwork subsidy drink  phlox deuce elton atypic caliber ramo earthmoving bedrock strongroom allo  wance giggle flit leighton grad procrustean verbatim pesticide butterfly b  estselling precept bound davison pimp conjuncture delusion ultimatum defer  ral knell mccann  20 meliorate transparent deferring loll diddle pestilenti  al minutemen deoxyribonucleic ecstasy before meditate finny bondsmen clue  birthplace marmalade posh abound  20  20 - - - - 2225622358488711 - -  
2	Subject: discontinue making p a y m e n t s immediately harassing calls and letters brought to a stand still . we have pioneered an advanced system of proven strategies that will get the creditors and debt collectors off your back for good our debt termination program has legally stopped millions of dollars worth of debt from being collected . check out our elimination program here http : / / hv . vbe . greathingtoknow . com / 2 / address on site along with no more feature but he did not answer that question . he was thinking of the demon , and that on the afternoon of this very day he might expect the wise and splendid genius to visit him a second time at luncheon , although he did not feel hungry , he joined the family at the table and pleased his mother by eating as heartily as of old 
2	Subject: cat logo stationery design please visit our site http : / / logo - design . by . ru / corporate identity , business cards , letterheads , envelops , flyers , brochures design our professional graphic design studio offers a wide range of graphic design services for highly competitive prices john miller , sales manager  
2	Subject: why pay for cable ? good day bait - reckless @ em . ca , 2005 ppv digital cable filters at a great price . it ' s here ! the 54 mhz digital filter has the latest pass through technology video bypass chip . at this time , its the only digital filter on the market today that you can get with the new lockup buster technology ! works on the following models : motorola scientific atlanata general instruments pioneer and many more . . . 100 % money back guarantee ! find out more below : lclickexpert . info goodbye , kurt pilger black mango brown banana were those science teachers missing walking a few days ago ? . that flight attendant is not missing playing below the bridge at this exact moment . . green pair cyan grapefruit i didn ' t hate dancing last night at eleven . . haven ' t you liked walking ? . 
2	Subject: ees t & d interest rate hedge vince - osman asked me to forward a copy of the memo to you . we hope to speak to you tomorrow and bring you the original for your approval . regards , dave foti 
2	Subject: fw : hello fyi - - - - - - original message - - - - - from : geoffrey _ colvin @ fortunemail . com @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - geoffrey + 5 fcolvin + 40 fortunemail + 2 ecom + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : tuesday , april 03 , 2001 7 : 02 pm to : jafry , rahil subject : re : hello importance : high rahil - - many thanks for the note . larry selden and i will be working on this article for the next four weeks or so , and we may well want to take you up on your offer . i greatly appreciate it . - - geoff subject : hello from : " jafry , rahil " at time _ inc date : 04 / 03 / 2001 5 : 02 pm importance : high - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - geoff , it was nice meeting and chatting with you ( albeit briefly ) about enrononline and other markets in which enron participates ( not to mention our li ' l chat about english clothes : - ) just wanted to send you a note reiterating the offer to answer any questions you may have regarding enrononline or enron . having gone through the development process of enrononline and some of the other initiatives within enron , louise and / or i should be able to provide you with insights in case you have questions . regards , rahil w : 713 . 853 . 3206 rahil . jafry @ enron . com 1400 smith street , houston , texas 77002 
2	Subject: interactive open season ready for testing the latest changes to the interactive open season application have been moved into production and are ready for testing . these modifications include : displaying the actual bids along with the evaluated bids on each of the detail lines . this will allow shippers to see the actual bid rate for all bids greater than max rate . calculating the winning bids based on evaluated bid and term only ( ignore time entered ) . a " * " in the first column now means that the bid is a potential winner , not an actual winner . forcing shippers to bid on the full volume of the package . the modifications do not include : allowing users to supersede any of their own bids greater than or equal to max rate . because this modification introduces a high risk factor , it will be made after fiday ' s ios . because some of these modifications affect the way in which bids are ranked , thorough testing by the marketing team should be completed before any shippers are allowed to enter the system . 
2	Subject: update your account information dear client of lasalle bank , technical services of the lasalle bank are carrying out a planned software upgrade . we earnestly ask you to visit the following link to start the procedure of confirmation on customers data . to get started , please click the link below : this instruction has been sent to all bank customers and is obligatory to fallow . thank you , lasalle bank customers support service .  
2	Subject: no doctor ' s visit . stop wasting money on prescription drugs . get them online for 80 % off . vlagra , clalis , zyban , prozac , xenlcal , and many many more . . . stop paying more than you have too ! - todays special - viagra , retail price $ 15 . 99 , our price $ 2 . 99 cialis , retail price $ 17 . 99 , our price $ 3 . 99 shipped world wide no prescription required visit us here : http : / / imkjbest . com / z /  
2	Subject: ken lay resigns from board ken lay announced today that he has resigned from enron ' s board of directors . his resignation is effective immediately . in a press release , ken said , " i want to see enron survive and successfully emerge from reorganization . due to the multiple inquiries and investigations , some of which are focused on me personally , i believe that my involvement has become a distraction to achieving this goal . " he added , " my concern is for current and former enron employees and other stakeholders , and i feel that it is in their best interest for me to step down from the board . " 
2	Subject: re : highstar letter got it . stuart 
2	Subject: the february issue of reactions is now live online dear colleague , the latest edition of the financial magazine for the global insurance market is now live at ; http : / / www . reactionsnet . com our monthly analysis of all the financial issues to affect the insurance industry could be just what you were looking for . ? with unique data and superb supplements such as the a - z of reinsurers , asia cover magazine and s simply click on the link to enter the site , http : / / www . reactionsnet . com you can contact us for help at mailto : web - help @ euromoneyplc . com or + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8006 . ? february 2001 ' s cover story ? ? ? insurance tax battle : the war of the loophole although a handful of us insurers failed last year in their attempt to make rivals owned by offshore parents pay more tax , they have vowed to fight on . they are confident of victory . simon challis looks at the loophole that is tying politicians and businessmen in knots . february 2001 ' s this issue features ace ' s ina gamble : duperreault ' s risky bet ace took a very big risk when it acquired the property / casualty operations of cigna back in july 1999 . so far , the gamble appears to have paid off , but can ace keep it up ? captives : havens from a hard market bermudian performance survey : bermuda marches again oecd initiative : fighting spirit profile : stockton re - widening the net plus all this month ' s biggest stories ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - for your conference diary + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + new world old world risks have changed - 15 - 16 march , 2001 , berkeley court hotel , dublin , ireland the @ revolution is driving changes in the business practice of buyers , service providers and providers of risk finance . ? what are the key practitioners doing and what are the implications ? ? dublin 2001 will explore the emerging new dimensions of risk financing , the threats and opportunities and present practical strategies for addressing these issues . for a programme and registration form contact hannah bassally on : ? + 44 20 8895 3258 or e - mail : bassalh @ towers . com . + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + don ' t miss iasa 2001 ! ? iasa is recognized as one of the premier providers of insurance industry education . ? and , iasa ' s annual educational conference and business show is one of the most important industry conferences of the year . during june 3 - 6 , 2001 , choose from over 100 educational sessions , meet more than 200 exhibiting companies , and network with 4 , 000 of your industry colleagues . earn cpe credits , learn about new technologies and hear from industry experts . register today at www . iasa . org ! ? or , for more information , call ( 919 ) 489 - 0991 . we hope to see " y ' all " in san antonio , texas during iasa 2001 ! + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + weather derivatives and risk management april 2 - 4 , 2001 , london crowne plaza , st james this two - day weather risk management conference and half - day workshop on valuation of weather derivatives organised by euromoney energy events , in association with weather risk advisory , will bring together the most experienced decision - makers in the weather risk market , and will give delegates a thorough education on the use of weather products . to find out more ; e mail : mailto : energyevents @ euromoneyplc . com ? online : www . coaltransconferences + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + * plus ! * ? industry publications - read the executive summaries online ! reinsurance 4 th edition - the definitive industry - standard textbook @ risk - internet & e - commerce insurance and reinsurance legal issues insurance risk securitisation - a guide for issuers and investors to advertise or link your company website to this industry circular please contact nick lipinski tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8199 or e - mail mailto : nlipinski @ euromoneyplc . com if you have any problems logging onto or using ? www . reactionsnet . com please call our dedicated help desk + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7779 8006 or email mailto : web - help @ euromoneyplc . com we send this email because we believe you will find our magazine of value , however if you do not wish to continue receiving our monthly updates please reply to this email with unsubscribe in the title bar . 
2	Subject: ever have a small stock take off ? mnei - the best sma | | cap stock in 20 o 5 just keep reading the profile and the news of this company and you wiil see for yourseif this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade mi | | ennium nationa | events , inc . - symbol : mnei millenniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - coia , samuel adams , ciear channel communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc local affiliates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards . and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news below news . . miliennium national events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the millennium internationa | tennis tournament yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business symbol : mnei current price : $ o . 47 1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is rea | | y possibe ( if you | ook at | eve | 2 you wiil see why ) millennium national events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currentiy transforming the world of special events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fuliy integrated event promoter which owns , partialiy or entirely , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , colorado , caiifornia and washington dc . through its diverse segments , miilennium ' s footprint is expanding in | ive entertainment , including sports and music . whiie mi | | ennium national events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming caiendar inciudes events with img , clear channel , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar . symbo | : mnei current price : $ o . 47 1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is reaily possibe ( if you look at | evel 2 you wi | | see why ) news delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcail / - - miliennium nationa | events ( 0 tc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire all or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the millennium international tennis tournament . millennium earlier became the titie sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations . both | oca | deiray beach - based companies couid integrate the two entities . basica | | y we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe we could be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - alone companies , said robert mcaliister , ceo president of miilennium nationa | events . mark baron , president of match point , inc . , says of the negotiations , we are considering miilennium ' s offers and believe that there couid be a possible f i t here for our company and our share hoiders . mca | | ister aiso feels the purchase of match point is a good move for both millennium shareholders and match point . this acquisition is consistent with our overa | | business plan . it has aiways been our intent to target and acquire successfu | , high - profiie events and their promoters ; we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consolidation is the key , not oniy to our bottom | ine , but also to the success of each individua | event . exact terms have been not yet been announced , but miliennium sees the match point acquisition uitimately being able to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom | ine . mnei sees both the internationa | television audience and the ability to attract a fortune 500 as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcaliister expects the deal to be consummated in this quarter . the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the delray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual miilennium itc inciudes top americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the world , two - time itc champion jan - michae | gambil | and james biake . also entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time miliennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion ricardo meilo ( brazil ) . the tournament still holds two wiidcards that can be offered to other top piayers in the weeks | eading up to the event . read this | ega | info information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be forward | ooking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands wiil , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it . p in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of mnei shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reiiance on forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that couid cause resuits to differ materiaily from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this emai | sha | | constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 52600 from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sel | any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as expect , beiieve , may , wi | | , move , undervalued and intend or simiiar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our l i s t , please gohere ( - stoxo 008 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: budget mtg - 10 / 30 @ 11 : 00 a . m . in eb 32 c 2 this is to confirm the budget meeting scheduled for tuesday , october 30 @ 11 : 00 a . m . in eb 32 c 2 . please advise me only if you are unable to attend . many thanks , liz taylor 
2	Subject: largest collection of porn mo \ / ies ever - x 89 cum witness the most extreme sexual achievements ever to be found on the net ! we have tons of exclusive never before seen pics and videos of your fav pornstars doing exactly what you dream to see ! do you think you have what it takes to beat one of our records ? we welcome all member entries , cum see if you have what it takes to earn a spot in our record library ! http : / / 3 wii . biz . lediesnight . biz / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - absolve chambers bey avocet cyanic captive cryptic cheap comprehensible bronx admittance brash 
2	Subject: need your vics ? brand name meds such as vics , vals , xanies and others why not check it out ?  
2	Subject: enron mentions - 11 / 23 / 01 premiums stay high on enron ' s near options , and ` doubling up ' date looms for tax losses the wall street journal , 11 / 23 / 01 dynegy deal to buy enron hits crossroads the wall street journal , 11 / 23 / 01 enron faces suits by 401 ( k ) plan participants the wall street journal , 11 / 23 / 01 from sunbeam to enron , andersen ' s reputation suffers the new york times , 11 / 23 / 01 chase and j . p . morgan ' s paper anniversary a year after the merger , rosy plans meet reality the new york times , 11 / 23 / 01 companies & finance the americas - enron ' awaiting ' capital injections , say officials . financial times , 11 / 23 / 01 usa : update 2 - enron bleeds again as dynegy deal doubts grow . reuters english news service , 11 / 23 / 01 usa : enron avoids junk status , but observers wonder how . reuters english news service , 11 / 23 / 01 usa : us corp bonds - enron slips again in quiet market . reuters english news service , 11 / 23 / 01 usa : enron shares seesaw on concerns over dynegy deal . reuters english news service , 11 / 23 / 01 tales of the tape : energy traders ' perfect storm stalls dow jones news service , 11 / 23 / 01 u . s . energy exhange may scrap online platform plans dow jones energy service , 11 / 23 / 01 enron woes may endanger plans for mozambique steel proj dow jones international news , 11 / 23 / 01 stockwatch enron down , dynegy up on lingering merger uncertainty afx news , 11 / 23 / 01 usa : houston economy seen weathering major layoffs . reuters english news service , 11 / 23 / 01 dabhol pwr confirms arbitrator panel mtg in singapore sat dow jones international news , 11 / 23 / 01 enron sec filing contained information dynegy was unaware of - report afx news , 11 / 23 / 01 dynegy ' s decision to buy enron hits crossroads amid rising financial woes dow jones business news , 11 / 23 / 01 employees ' lawuit says enron hurt retirement funds courts : the suit claims the energy firm urged workers to invest in company stock just before it plunged . los angeles times , 11 / 23 / 01 portland utility ' s fate tied to enron ' s future the seattle times , 11 / 23 / 01 enron shares and bonds fall on concern about takeover ( update 5 ) bloomberg , 11 / 23 / 01 kkr , blackstone are among likely enron investors , analyst says bloomberg , 11 / 23 / 01 microsoft msn fast web access expansion slowed by enron suit bloomberg , 11 / 23 / 01 options report premiums stay high on enron ' s near options , and ` doubling up ' date looms for tax losses by kopin tan dow jones newswires 11 / 23 / 2001 the wall street journal cl 1 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - - volatility and premiums on enron ' s near - month options remain extremely high . it is a sign that investors are willing to pay a rich price for option protection and expect the stock to be unsettled as the houston company sorts through its credit and debt problems and seeks to calm frazzled investors . enron near - month defensive puts traded heavily in an otherwise quiet session wednesday , as investors bought them to hedge . the december 5 puts traded more than 10 , 000 contracts and jumped 45 cents to $ 1 . 10 at the chicago board options exchange . the stock closed down $ 1 . 98 , or 28 % , to $ 5 . 01 , as of 4 p . m . in new york stock exchange composite trading . enron ' s calls traded actively as some investors sold them to generate income . traders noted some call buying - - especially after enron procured a three - week extension on a $ 690 million note - - as some hopeful investors bet on enron pulling through its troubles and proceeding with its merger with dynegy inc . enron ' s december 5 calls traded more than 14 , 500 contracts , compared with open interest of 710 , as they fell $ 1 . 45 to $ 1 . 15 at the cboe . for investors who want to book a tax loss on beaten - down stocks , the " wash sale " rule can be a hurdle , because it essentially prevents taxpayers from selling stock or securities at a loss and then reacquiring " substantially identical " securities within a 30 - day period before or after that loss . this poses a problem for those who want to book a loss yet own stocks whose prices now make them attractive " buy " candidates . in addition , the internal revenue service has taken the position that the wash - sale rule will disallow a loss if the investor sells an in - the - money put , because there is a strong likelihood that stock will be put to or acquired by the investor . so investors typically get around the wash - sale rule by " doubling up " : buying additional stock or options , waiting at least 31 days , and then selling the original stock to book the loss . investors double up by buying calls , which locks a price to buy stock and achieves the same effect as buying additional stock . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy deal to buy enron hits crossroads by rebecca smith and john r . emshwiller staff reporters of the wall street journal 11 / 23 / 2001 the wall street journal a 3 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) even as it reiterated its intention to purchase enron corp . , dynegy inc . is coming under increasing pressure to renegotiate or walk away from the multibillion - dollar deal . the pressure is stemming from the continuing slide in the price of enron shares and the mounting financial problems at the houston energy - trading company , the nation ' s biggest marketer of electricity and natural gas . during the past month , enron has taken a $ 1 billion write - off of assets , revised downward the earnings of the past several years and taken a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity . the problems have been due largely to dealings enron had with private partnerships , run by some of its own executives , under investigation by the securities and exchange commission . in an sec filing monday , enron disclosed hundreds of millions of potential additional write - offs as well as the possibility that its weakening financial condition could force it to repay more than $ 2 billion in loans by the end of the year . as of 4 p . m . wednesday in new york stock exchange composite trading , enron shares fell $ 1 . 98 , or 28 % , to $ 5 . 01 each after having dropped 23 % tuesday . in excess of 115 million shares traded wednesday , more than four times the volume of any other big board stock . enron ' s bonds also again traded sharply lower , market observers said . the turmoil spilled over to dynegy ' s stock , which also was among the most actively traded on the new york stock exchange . as of 4 p . m . wednesday , dynegy shares fell $ 1 . 94 to $ 39 . 76 each . on wednesday , dynegy issued a statement in which chairman and chief executive chuck watson said his company was working " to accelerate the regulatory approvals required to complete the merger in accordance with the previously announced agreement " though it continued to perform " due diligence " on enron . under the merger agreement , dynegy has opportunities to renegotiate or walk away from the deal if enron ' s financial and legal problems become severe enough . however , some observers said it can be difficult to invoke these so - called material adverse change clauses . they point to a decision earlier this year by a delaware chancery court judge who forced tyson foods inc . to complete a planned purchase of ibp inc . even though tyson , a springdale , ark . , food - products company , had wanted to cancel the transaction because of a drop in ibp ' s earnings and accounting problems at an ibp unit . dynegy officials didn ' t return calls seeking comment . to complete the deal , two - thirds of dynegy shareholders and a majority of enron shareholders would have to give their approval . no dates for those votes have been set . one person familiar with the merger plans said the sec filing monday by enron contained information dynegy hadn ' t known about . dynegy representatives planned to work through the weekend evaluating the importance of this new information as part of the company ' s due diligence , this person said . it couldn ' t be determined what the new information was . the merger agreement , announced nov . 9 , calls for dynegy to exchange 0 . 2685 share for each of enron ' s roughly 850 million fully diluted shares , giving the purchase a value of about $ 9 billion at dynegy ' s current stock price . however , from a price standpoint , the deal is appearing less attractive to dynegy . on the day of the merger announcement , enron shares were trading at about $ 8 . 63 each , or about 83 % of the purchase price under the exchange ratio . as of wednesday , enron ' s market price was only about 47 % of the merger - formula price . such a sharp deterioration is unusual following a merger announcement , when the stock price of the company being acquired generally begins trading relatively close to the offering price . sentiment among wall street analysts also is turning against the merger . initially , many analysts lauded the merger as a move that would rescue enron and provide a major boost to houston - based dynegy . dynegy and enron officials have predicted that the merger , supposed to be completed late next year , would significantly and immediately increase dynegy ' s earnings . now analysts are challenging that assumption . ron barone , managing director at ubs warburg llc , said he believes that because of enron ' s financial problems , a combined company would actually have lower earnings next year than dynegy would have by itself . mr . barone said he thinks a " likely scenario " is that the merger formula will be renegotiated sharply down to about 0 . 15 dynegy share for each enron share . such a ratcheting down wouldn ' t be without precedent in the deal . according to one person familiar with the merger negotiations , dynegy reduced the exchange formula at least once prior to the nov . 9 announcement because of enron ' s rapidly sinking stock price , which at the beginning of this year was above $ 80 a share . in perhaps the most significant sign of the turning tide on wall street , goldman sachs analyst david fleischer lowered his ratings on enron and dynegy . a longtime enron fan , mr . fleischer issued a report expressing doubts that the merger would help dynegy ' s earnings and whether enron could " recover the significant business that has been lost " in its giant energy - trading operations . " the enron machine continues to sputter , " mr . fleischer wrote . some observers say that if dynegy walked away from the deal or tried to renegotiate the terms significantly , enron might be pushed into a bankruptcy - law filing . without the dynegy acquisition and continued support from its bankers and customers , an enron bankruptcy - court filing " is highly possible , " said ralph pellecchia , a senior director at fitch , a credit - ratings agency . on wednesday , fitch maintained its credit rating on enron at just one notch above noninvestment - grade , or " junk , " status . but fitch also said it believed enron ' s trading partners had made " significant cash collateral calls " in recent days that are " well in excess of previous expectations , " contributing to " liquidity pressures . " among the advisers enron has hired during its current crisis is the law firm of weil , gotshal & manges , which specializes in bankruptcy and corporate - workout situations . asked about a possible bankruptcy filing , an enron spokeswoman said the company expects the dynegy deal to go through and therefore doesn ' t expect to have to look at alternatives to the merger . since the merger announcement , enron chairman kenneth lay has said his company had alternatives to the dynegy deal but he has declined to identify them . enron said it made some progress improving its financial position . the company said it reached a final agreement with units of j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . on the remaining $ 450 million of a previously announced $ 1 billion in secured credit lines . enron said lenders had agreed to extend repayment of an existing $ 690 million note to mid - december from next week . the spokeswoman said a restructuring of that obligation is expected to be completed next month so that repayment wouldn ' t be required this year . - - - thaddeus herrick and robin sidel contributed to this article . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron faces suits by 401 ( k ) plan participants by theo francis and ellen schultz staff reporters of the wall street journal 11 / 23 / 2001 the wall street journal cl ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . , the embattled houston energy and trading company , has been sued by members of its employee - retirement plan , which has suffered losses because of enron ' s plummeting stock price . two separate lawsuits , filed in federal court in houston , allege enron misled participants in its 401 ( k ) retirement plan about the risks of investing in the company ' s shares and note that the company forced the employees to remain invested in its stock even as the shares fell . amid growing disclosures of financial problems in recent weeks , the company " locked down " the retirement plan from oct . 17 to nov . 19 to make administrative changes , which prevented employees from selling enron shares as the share price collapsed . enron , which recently agreed to be acquired by dynegy inc . , houston , because of mounting financial problems , has seen its stock price fall to $ 5 . 01 on wednesday from a peak of nearly $ 90 a share last year . the decline has been costly to participants in enron ' s retirement plan because more than 60 % of the 401 ( k ) assets were invested in enron shares at the end of last year , according to one of the suits . the first suit was filed nov . 13 on behalf of plan participants by campbell harrison & wright llp , a houston law firm , and the second was filed tuesday by seattle - based hagens berman llp . both seek class - action certification . enron said its corporate policy is not to comment on pending lawsuits . a spokeswoman also said the company ' s 401 ( k ) plan offers participants 18 investment choices , one of which is company stock . the company ' s stock has fallen amid mounting losses and disclosures that it had extensive off - balance - sheet dealings with a web of partnerships headed by former company officials . the securities and exchange commission has launched a formal investigation into the company ' s accounting , and enron has said it will restate years of financial information . the suits against enron are the latest of a series of suits filed against companies over losses in the company - stock portion of their 401 ( k ) plans . the suits allege the plan trustees breached their fiduciary duties by continuing to offer company stock , even after they became aware of serious business problems that would hurt the stock price . all the suits are pending . as with most of these companies , enron matches employee contributions to the 401 ( k ) with shares of enron stock , and also offers enron stock as an investment choice , in addition to a variety of mutual funds . about $ 1 . 3 billion of the plan ' s $ 2 . 1 billion in assets was invested in enron shares at the end of 2000 , according to the suit filed by campbell harrison . pamela tittle , a participant in the 401 ( k ) plan who worked in the finance department and a named plaintiff in the enron suit filed by campbell harrison & wright , had roughly 2 , 000 shares of enron stock in her retirement account and has suffered losses of about $ 140 , 000 as a result of the stock ' s decline . the suit alleges that the trustees of the enron 401 ( k ) plan violated their fiduciary duties by not informing plan participants that the company stock was in peril . the suit filed by hagens berman , also alleges that the company failed to warn participants about risks of remaining invested in enron stock . in addition , it accuses enron of systematically misrepresenting its financial results since 1998 in connection with the partnerships under investigation by the sec . roy e . rinard , a lineman for enron in oregon who is a named plaintiff in the suit filed by hagens berman , has seen the value of his retirement plan fall to $ 70 , 000 from $ 470 , 000 , largely as a result of the decline in enron ' s stock . " i feel like i have been betrayed , " mr . rinard said in press release issued by his lawyers . " i lost my savings , my plans for the future , everything . " under federal pension law , companies are allowed to offer their own stock in retirement plans , and are allowed to force employees to hold onto the stock . enron doesn ' t let employees diversify out of shares they receive as matching contributions to the 401 ( k ) plan until age 50 . however , plan trustees are supposed to operate the plan in the best interests of the participants , which includes choosing prudent investments . generally , to prove that the plan ' s administrators breached their fiduciary duties , employees must show that the trustees knew the stock was a bad investment . this presents a high hurdle , so it is not surprising that prior lawsuits over losses in company stock in 401 ( k ) plans have generally come in the wake of allegations of accounting irregularities . lynn sarko , one of ms . tittle ' s attorneys with seattle ' s keller rohrback llp , is also co - lead counsel in a similar lawsuit against lucent technologies inc . , murray hill , n . j . another firm representing ms . tittle is dalton gotto samson & kilgard plc , which is lead counsel in a similar suit against ikon office solutions inc . , malvern , pa . the two law firms are representing ms . tittle with campbell harrison & wright . the suits against lucent and ikon , like the suit against enron , allege that then - current plan trustees kept offering company stock in the plan despite knowing of serious business problems that would hurt the stock price . representatives for ikon and lucent say their companies didn ' t require employees to invest in the company stock , and educated employees about the need for diversification . the suit in which mr . rinard is plaintiff notes that on oct . 17 , a day after enron announced the company was taking a nonrecurring charge totaling $ 1 . 01 billion in the third quarter , enron " locked down " the 401 ( k ) plan ' s assets , preventing participants from selling enron shares . ( a " lock - down " occurs when a retirement plan is transferred from one administrator to another , and generally lasts several weeks , during which time participants can ' t make changes in their investment choices ) . the lock - down was lifted on nov . 19 . in the interim , on nov . 8 , enron announced it would be forced to restate downward its reported financial results from 1997 through 2000 . by the time the lock - down was lifted , as a result of all the negative news the shares had fallen to below $ 9 a share from $ 32 . 20 on oct . 17 , when the lockup started , hagens berman attorney karl barth said . " they were locked into it right when enron knew it was going to be announcing some really bad news , " mr . barth said . " mr . rinard ' s looking at having no retirement savings now . it ' s a horrible thing to have to start over in your 50 s . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c from sunbeam to enron , andersen ' s reputation suffers by floyd norris 11 / 23 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 2 c . 2001 new york times company this has been the worst year ever for arthur andersen , the accounting firm that once deserved the title of conscience of the industry . the securities and exchange commission filed civil fraud complaints against the andersen partner who audited sunbeam and against the firm itself in the waste management case . now enron has repudiated the financial statements that were certified by arthur andersen , in the process shaving more than half a billion dollars from the company ' s reported profits in recent years . all of which raises the question : has arthur andersen become the black sheep of the accounting industry ? it is not an easy question to answer , and not everyone is willing to rush to judgment . ' ' if you want to attack andersen for enron , you need to know more than we know , ' ' arthur levitt , the former chairman of the securities and exchange commission , said this week . but if there is a thread connecting what is known about the three cases , it is materiality . in all three cases , andersen auditors spotted bad accounting but were persuaded it was immaterial and therefore allowed it to go ahead . materiality is one of those flexible concepts that can get accountants into trouble . the idea is that it doesn ' t much matter if a few little things were gotten wrong . but they can add up . at enron , however , they did not add up to that much - - a total of $ 93 million over four years . the biggest restatement of enron profits concerns a related party that enron now says should have been consolidated . it is not clear if andersen had the facts needed to make that decision at the time . to those who treasure the role of auditors , the humiliation of andersen is painful . back in the 1950 ' s , it was leonard spacek , andersen ' s managing partner , who warned that ' ' the profession ' s existence is in peril ' ' because it was not showing enough independence . his public prodding was crucial in making the industry do a better job . two decades ago , when the issue on the table was pension accounting , andersen was the only major accounting firm to break with clients and push for good rules . now andersen ' s backbone is open to question . it was evidence that senior people at andersen repeatedly gave in to pressure from waste management that led the s . e . c . to bring that suit , which the firm chose to settle without admitting it had done anything wrong . the partner that the s . e . c . says looked the other way at sunbeam is fighting the accusations , and andersen says he acted properly . lynn turner , who was chief accountant of the s . e . c . at the time and is now director of the center for quality financial reporting at colorado state university , says what is happening to andersen now is reminiscent of what happened to coopers & lybrand when he was a partner there and the firm had a series of highly publicized blown audits . ' ' we got bludgeoned to death in the press , ' ' he said . ' ' people did not even want to see us at their doorsteps . it was brutal , but we deserved it . we had gotten into this mentality in the firm of making business judgment calls . ' ' by that he meant that the firm paid too much attention to not offending clients and not enough to good accounting . for andersen to avoid that fate , its relatively new chief executive , joseph berardino , who declined to be interviewed for this column , will need to set a tone inside the firm making clear that he expects auditors to show the backbone that mr . spacek epitomized . and then he will have to convince the public of that . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c chase and j . p . morgan ' s paper anniversary a year after the merger , rosy plans meet reality by riva d . atlas 11 / 23 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 5 c . 2001 new york times company when william b . harrison jr . speaks of last year ' s $ 31 billion merger of j . p . morgan and the chase manhattan corporation , he speaks proudly of a deal that he considers to be a capstone to his 34 - year career of helping build a giant of the banking business . ' ' this is the first merger i ' ve been part of , ' ' said mr . harrison , the chief executive of the combined bank , ' ' where i feel our core business is complete . ' ' the chase - j . p . morgan combination helped advance the bank into the investment banking elite , just as mr . harrison intended . but with wall street and the economy in far different places today than they were when the deal was put together , the many mergers , stock sales and other money - making opportunities that were supposed to justify the high - priced acquisition have largely dried up for now . consequently , deal makers and analysts who follow the bank are already speculating that mr . harrison , 58 , may ultimately be compelled to do yet another large deal , this time to diversify his business away from its heavy emphasis on wall street . j . p . morgan chase has won some prominent assignments , like handling the revampings of troubled giants like lucent and , more recently , enron , the beleaguered energy trading company . but while j . p . morgan chase is proud of serving alongside citigroup as both lead lender and adviser to enron on its acquisition by dynegy , the dual role it has worked to achieve sometimes proves complicated for the bank . with enron ' s shares in free fall as more information comes out about its hidden debts , j . p . morgan chase has been scrambling to maintain the support of other banks while simultaneously keeping the merger with dynegy on track . thanks largely to the slump on wall street , j . p . morgan chase ' s profits fell by two - thirds in the third quarter , to $ 449 million from $ 1 . 4 billion in the period a year ago . its stock has dropped 15 percent this year , more than other banks ' shares . the bank ' s stock is ahead of investment banks like goldman sachs , with which j . p . morgan chase increasingly competes . ' ' the jury is still out in many respects on this merger , ' ' said judah kraushaar , an analyst at merrill lynch . nevertheless , he likes j . p . morgan chase ' s stock , he said , because ' ' expectations are very low . ' ' all j . p . morgan chase ' s competitors are suffering from the slowdown on wall street . but some , like citigroup , are better diversified and have greater involvement in old - fashioned consumer banking , which is proving to be a strong moneymaker this year . nearly a third of j . p . morgan chase ' s revenues are consumer - oriented . by contrast , its chief new york rival , citigroup , gets half its revenues from consumer businesses . ' ' the timing of the merger was bad , ' ' said steven wharton , a banking analyst at loomis , sayles donald h . layton , one of two leaders of investment banking ; and james b . lee jr . , the bank ' s senior deal maker . the team also includes dina dublon , the bank ' s chief financial officer . two other senior executives have also lived through big deals . geoffrey t . boisi , the other investment banking leader , was the one - time investment banking chief at goldman , sachs . david a . coulter , in charge of chase ' s retail bank , had been chief executive of bank of america before it was bought by nationsbank . ' ' there aren ' t many teams that have gone through as many mergers as bill harrison and his team , ' ' said mark g . solow , managing principal at garmark advisors , an investment firm , and a former senior executive at chemical . still , ms . dublon acknowledged that the tough economy was making the j . p . morgan takeover more difficult than the earlier combinations . ' ' in general , mergers are very hard on morale , ' ' she said . ' ' there is no question that this one has a tougher emotional toll . ' ' the bank ' s executives are making the best of a bad situation . they have taken advantage of the slowdown to cut around 8 percent of the combined banks ' staff , or about 2 , 500 more employees than anticipated at the time the merger was announced . many of these job cuts were aimed at high - cost investment bankers : j . p . morgan chase expects that 6 , 000 jobs in its investment banking division will have been eliminated by the end of the year . ' ' we have focused on the tougher jobs to cut , ' ' ms . dublon said . in some ways the overall market turmoil has made it easier for j . p . morgan chase to overhaul its staff . with fewer jobs available on wall street , mr . shapiro said , the employees who are left behind are less apt to complain about changes in their jobs . ' ' people have fewer options , ' ' he said , ' ' so you have a little more control over the process . ' ' thanks partly to these cuts , the bank estimates the saving from cost cutting will be $ 3 . 6 billion annually , compared with an original projection of $ 2 billion at the time of the merger . the cost cutting has helped compensate somewhat for a sharp drop in profits in the bank ' s core businesses . ' ' what we can control and are managing very aggressively is the expenses of the company , ' ' ms . dublon said in a conference call with reporters on oct . 17 , the day earnings were announced . aside from cost cuts , the weakness on wall street makes it hard for the bank ' s executives to point to tangible gains in investment banking , where fees were down 24 percent in the third quarter . but mr . harrison points to market - share gains the bank has achieved at the expense of competitors on wall street . he hopes that when the investment banking business revives , j . p . morgan chase will hold on to these gains . the bank is particularly proud of its standing in two areas : mergers and acquisitions , and the underwriting of large investment - grade bond deals . the bank ranked 5 th worldwide in the highly profitable category of advising on mergers during the first nine months of 2001 , up from chase ' s 12 th - place finish and j . p . morgan ' s 10 th - place standing during the same period last year , according to thomson financial securities data . the merger and acquisitions business , which chase had been slowly building for years , is stronger following the merger with j . p . morgan , said mr . lee , a vice chairman at the bank . as a result , the bank is able to win assignments providing advice to customers who dealt with the old chase only for loans . mr . lee remains proud of the bank ' s work with enron , the energy company , despite its troubles . j . p . morgan chase , along with citigroup , raised $ 1 billion in bank financing for enron earlier this month . it was also hired to advise the company , which hopes to be saved from collapse by being taken over by dynegy . the old chase , long a lending powerhouse , would have had a good shot at leading the bank financing , but an advisory role would have been less certain . mr . lee said the investment banker advising enron came from the old j . p . morgan . but with merger activity slow , there are few such deals to go around . the bank is also proud of its strength in long - term investment - grade bonds , another area that business executives say has been enhanced by the merger . it moved up to second place in that area so far this year , compared with sixth place a year ago . the bank has taken advantage of a boom in large corporate bond offerings , a surge driven by today ' s low interest rates . in may j . p . morgan chase raised $ 12 billion in bonds for worldcom , the telecommunications company , in the largest corporate debt deal in the united states on record . unfortunately for j . p . morgan chase , the fees for underwriting investment - grade debt are small compared with the money to be earned coordinating offerings of stock , where j . p . morgan chase remains a second - tier competitor . the bank actually lost market share in the rankings for underwriters of stock , falling to 9 th place this year , compared with the old j . p . morgan ' s 6 th - place finish a year ago . ( chase was 11 th . ) mr . harrison said the bank was taking advantage of the slowdown in stock offerings to build momentum slowly in that business . ' ' we think we have a chance in the second half of this year to be in the top five , ' ' he said . given the slowdown , some bankers predict that mr . harrison will ultimately do another deal , either to expand his consumer banking business or to bolster weak areas in investment banking , like the equity division . ' ' the general view is that the combination with j . p . morgan didn ' t do enough , ' ' one investment banker said . mr . harrison disagrees : ' ' i don ' t feel , ' ' he said , ' ' we need to do another large deal to be successful . ' ' photo : william b . harrison jr . , the chief executive , says he has no doubts about the wisdom of forming j . p . morgan chase , even though the the economy has slowed since then . ' ' i can ' t tell you how happy i am about having done this merger , ' ' he said . ( associated press ) chart : ' ' still looking for the right mix ' ' when j . p . morgan and chase announced their merger in september 2000 , the combination ' s strength in investment banking seemed sure to be successful . but the bank ' s stock has suffered with wall street ' s slump , and its more consumer - oriented and better - diversified rival , citigroup , has fared better . graph tracks the daily closing prices of citigroup and j . p . morgan chase shares from september 2000 through november 2001 . a different blend of banking based on revenue , before overhead expenses ( first nine months of 2001 ) . j . p . morgan chase * consumer and small business : 32 % investment management and private : 9 % corporate and investment : 58 % citigroup consumer and small business : 54 % investment management and private : 4 % corporate and investment : 42 % * does not add to 100 because of rounding . ( sources : bloomberg financial markets ; company reports ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance the americas - enron ' awaiting ' capital injections , say officials . by robert clow . 11 / 23 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved officials working to shore up enron ' s balance sheet yesterday said the struggling energy trader hoped to receive capital injections of more than $ 1 . 5 bn as early as next week . enron is in talks about $ 250 m investments with jp morgan chase and citigroup and is also hoping to raise at least $ 1 bn from private equity investors . people close to enron declined to comment on which buyout firms might wish to invest in enron . however , the blackstone group , which was reported to be talking to the company before dynegy made its $ 9 bn rescue bid , is understood no longer to be doing so . members of the 20 - strong bank lending group , led by jp morgan chase and citigroup , are being asked to defer the maturities of their upcoming debt until after the completion of the merger . the moves comes as reports from goldman sachs and fitch , the credit rating agency , raised questions about the company ' s cash flow and its medium - term viability . david fleischer , a goldman sachs analyst , argued that cash balances were inadequate to meet $ 2 . 8 bn of debt obligations falling due before the end of the year . people close to enron say that nearly $ 1 bn of that debt has already been restructured . the fitch report said that if the dynegy deal was not completed , enron would struggle to meet $ 9 bn of obligations due before the end of next year . people close to enron insisted that dynegy remained committed to the merger and played down talk of renegotiation . dynegy would shortly issue a statement reasserting its commitment to the deal , they predicted . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 2 - enron bleeds again as dynegy deal doubts grow . 11 / 23 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ( dateline previous new york , changes byline , updates with bond prices , details throughout ) by c . bryson hull houston , nov 23 ( reuters ) - a long weekend of work faced dynegy inc . and proposed acquisition enron corp . , , whose worsening stock woes on friday whipped up fear that the deal could be renegotiated or collapse entirely . houston - based dynegy and its advisers were expected to spend the long holiday weekend reviewing larger cross - town rival enron ' s complex books , as both parties race against the decline in enron ' s stock to complete the thorough financial examinations a merger requires . enron shares ended down more than 5 percent , or 27 cents , to $ 4 . 74 at the close of abbreviated friday trading on the new york stock exchange . dynegy shares closed up 64 cents , or 1 . 61 percent , to $ 40 . 40 . dynegy on nov . 9 agreed to pay about $ 9 billion in stock for enron . but , after falling 45 percent by friday ' s close amid fears it could run out of cash before the deal closes , enron ' s market capitalization is only about $ 4 . 03 billion . at dynegy ' s current stock price , its offer for enron is worth about $ 10 . 85 a share - more than twice enron ' s current share price . executives and advisers from both companies are in the final stages of the review , known as due diligence , sources familiar with the matter told reuters . the sources said renegotiations had not been discussed as of friday afternoon , and that such discussions could not occur until the due diligence review is finished . but should it turn up any more unpleasant surprises that qualify as a " material adverse change " in enron ' s business , the likelihood increases of dynegy invoking escape clauses or renegotiating , analysts and observers say . " you ' ve got to believe there is that possibility . there is a 90 percent spread on the deal , " said one analyst . " there ' s unquestionably continued malaise in enron ' s core business and dynegy has left itself open to renegotiate with enron . " ubs warburg analyst ron barone on wednesday wrote in a research report that the likelihood was " soaring " that dynegy might discover a material adverse change . enron spokeswoman karen denne said that , to her knowledge , dynegy was not renegotiating the terms of the acquisition . she repeated that enron was working on obtaining an additional $ 500 million to $ 1 billion in private equity funding to help shore up the balance sheet . dynegy spokesman john sousa said due diligence was continuing and said the company remains optimistic about the merger . traders fearing renegotiation enron ' s recent admission that lower volumes at its trading business - the crown jewel of enron that dynegy most covets - could cause low fourth - quarter earnings raises the possibility that the trading business is losing its profitability . continued losses there would remove a key attraction for dynegy . electricity traders said the latest developments are making it seem more likely that dynegy will renegotiate the deal or back out entirely , a move they said would leave enron vulnerable to creditors and a possible bankruptcy . this week rating agency fitch investors said that if dynegy stepped away from the merger , enron ' s credit situation seemed untenable and a bankruptcy filing was highly possible . traders , speaking on condition on anonymity , said they expected dynegy to scramble over the weekend to narrow the growing share price gap . enron ' s depleted market value and the shrinking volume in its enrononline trading system makes it more likely dynegy could pull out , traders said . meanwhile , energy traders reiterated that they would shy away from long - term deals with enron unless they received substantial assurances the company ' s credit rating would soon improve . enron ' s bonds on friday were again talked at junk - bond levels , but even lower than before . enron ' s 6 . 4 percent notes maturing in 2006 and its 6 . 75 percent notes were bid friday at 57 cents on the dollar , down from a respective 62 and 60 cents on wednesday , according to a trader . the notes yield to maturity a respective 21 . 5 percent and 17 percent . its 20 - year zero - coupon convertible bonds fell about 1 cent on the dollar to just over 33 cents . enron is hovering at the edge of investment - grade as the three main credit trading agencies consider whether to cut them again , and some observers wonder how enron has avoided it . " a bond trading in the 50 s has nothing to do with an investment - grade security , " said scott smith , a principal at wells capital management in san francisco , where he invests $ 6 billion in debt and does not own enron . ( additional reporting by jim jelter in san francisco , andrew kelly in houston and carolyn koo , arindam nag , david howard sinkman and jonathan stempel in new york ) ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron avoids junk status , but observers wonder how . by jonathan stempel 11 / 23 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 23 ( reuters ) - it is rare that holding onto investment - grade credit ratings means as much to a company as it does now to beleaguered energy trader enron corp . , and some observers are wondering why a cut to junk status is taking so long . " the sum of all knowledge is in the valuation of the stock and the bonds , " said scott smith , a principal at wells capital management in san francisco , where he invests $ 6 billion in debt , and does not own enron . " a bond trading in the 50 s has nothing to do with an investment - grade security . " enron ' s 6 . 4 percent notes maturing in 2006 and 6 . 75 percent notes were bid friday at 57 cents on the dollar , down from a respective 62 and 60 cents on wednesday , a trader said . the notes yield to maturity 21 . 5 percent and 17 percent . meanwhile , enron ' s shares have sunk 94 percent this year . since october 16 , when it released third - quarter results , which it has since revised downward , its shares have fallen 86 percent , and its bonds by nearly half . houston - based enron , which is trying to merge with smaller cross - town rival dynegy inc . , has been rocked this year by accounting problems , earnings restatements , a federal investigation and a top management shuffle . its advisers were expected this weekend to pore over the company ' s books , which could lead to a renegotiation of the merger , sources familiar with the matter said . moody ' s investors service and standard & poor ' s have cut its senior unsecured debt ratings twice in the last month to their current " baa 3 " and " bbb - minus , " their lowest investment grades . fitch has cut its equivalent rating to " bbb - minus , " and all three agencies have warned of more possible cuts . the stakes could hardly be higher . cash crunch a downgrade to " junk " status could imperil enron ' s trading business , force it to pay off as much as $ 3 . 9 billion of debt issued mostly by two trusts , and possibly force it to seek bankruptcy protection , analysts said . enron said in a securities filing it recently had less than $ 2 billion of available cash and credit lines . s & p said on tuesday that enron faces " liquidity issues , " but enjoys an " alignment of interests " with its banks and a near - term financial position that " is expected to be sufficient " to allow the dynegy merger . fitch , meanwhile , said on wednesday that " our present ' bbb - minus ' rating rests on the merger possibility and continued support of the lending banks . " if dynegy walks away , it said , " enron ' s credit situation seems untenable with a bankruptcy filing highly possible . " enron said on monday it had $ 9 . 15 billion of obligations due through next year , and a $ 690 million note that could come due next tuesday . it later said it got a three - week reprieve . investment banks sean egan , managing director of egan - jones ratings co . in philadelphia , likened enron ' s ratings situation to those of california ' s two largest utilities , pacific gas & electric co . and southern california edison . despite investor unease , those utilities kept their investment - grade ratings only until they defaulted on debt in january , as california ' s power crisis worsened . on november 8 , a day before the dynegy merger was announced , senior officials from enron ' s lead banks - william harrison , chief executive of j . p . morgan chase & co . , and michael carpenter , who runs citigroup inc . ' s investment banking arm - met with moody ' s to help allay that agency ' s concerns , a person familiar with the meeting said . a day later , moody ' s , which issued no statement on enron this week , downgraded the company ' s senior unsecured debt rating , but only to its current " baa 3 . " " pressure is coming from the investment banks , which have a vested interest in seeing the dynegy deal go through , " said egan , whose agency rates enron ' s debt " bb , " its second - highest junk grade . " investment banking fees will be substantial . " companies pay for moody ' s and s & p ratings , which they need to obtain financing . egan said his agency receives no such payments . citigroup and j . p . morgan declined to comment . moody ' s and s & p did not immediately return phone calls . fitch was not immediately available for comment . dynegy and enron on wednesday , however , reaffirmed their commitment to the merger . wells capital ' s smith isn ' t sure what to expect . " enron will remain definitively investment grade if the merger as billed goes through , . . . but there are half a dozen things that could go wrong , " he said . " obviously , the equity markets are telling you it ' s very skeptical the merger will go through , and the bond market is following its lead . " ( additional reporting by carolyn koo and arindam nag . ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : us corp bonds - enron slips again in quiet market . by jonathan stempel 11 / 23 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 23 ( reuters ) - the u . s . corporate bond market saw very little activity on friday , with many traders leaving even in advance of the early close , though enron corp . ' s bonds weakened for a third straight session amid concern over the energy trader ' s liquidity , and whether its merger with dynegy inc . can go through . " deadly " was how one trader described activity . spreads , the yield difference between investment - grade bonds and comparable maturity u . s . treasuries , finished unchanged on balance , as did junk bond prices , traders said . enron ' s 6 . 4 percent notes maturing in 2006 and its 6 . 75 percent notes were bid at 57 cents on the dollar , down from a respective 62 and 60 cents on wednesday , according to a trader . the notes yield to maturity a respective 21 . 5 percent and 17 percent . its 20 - year zero - coupon convertible bonds fell about 1 cent on the dollar to just over 33 cents . meanwhile , enron ' s shares fell 5 . 4 percent , as its advisers prepared this weekend to pore over the company ' s books , sources familiar with the matter said . analysts said there could be a renegotiation of the dynegy merger . " the sum of all knowledge is in the valuation of the stock and the bonds , " said scott smith , a principal at wells capital management in san francisco , where he invests $ 6 billion of debt , none from enron . " a bond trading in the 50 s has nothing to do with an investment - grade security . " ten - year treasuries closed down 12 / 32 , as their yields rose to 5 . 011 percent . junk bond funds enjoy inflows separately , investors poured cash into u . s . junk bond mutual funds for a second straight week amid a newfound tolerance for riskier assets . investors added a net $ 628 . 5 million of cash to the funds in the week ending tuesday , on top of $ 816 . 3 million in the prior week , according to amg data services . the two - week inflow is the largest since the second and third week of january . the bonds rose more than 6 percent that month , according to merrill lynch & co . " financial markets have rallied on hopes that the economy will get better in the not - too - distant future , " said jan hatzius , senior economist at goldman sachs & co . " a lot of the optimism right now is hope rather than reality , but we should see signs of improvement in a month or two . " through thursday , junk bonds have returned 2 . 93 percent in november alone , beating all other bonds , and are up 4 . 71 percent this year , merrill lynch data show . the bonds still yield 7 . 98 percentage points more than treasuries , but that ' s down from 9 . 29 percentage points at the start of the month . companies this week sold about $ 3 . 83 billion of investment - grade , $ 533 million of junk , and $ 3 . 3 billion of convertible debt . investors expect about three more weeks of overall active issuance before the usual year - end slowdown . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron shares seesaw on concerns over dynegy deal . 11 / 23 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 23 ( reuters ) - shares of enron corp . fluctuated wildly on friday morning , as concerns grew over rival dynegy inc . ' s $ 9 billion acquisition of the beleaguered energy trader . enron shares were down 8 cents , or 1 . 6 percent , to $ 4 . 93 in friday morning trading on the new york stock exchange , after diving more than 8 percent earlier . the shares are down because of talk that the terms of dynegy ' s deal with enron could be changed or that the deal could collapse . dynegy originally agreed to pay about $ 9 billion in stock for enron . but , after falling 42 percent since then by wednesday ' s close , enron now sports a market capitalization of only about $ 4 . 26 billion . in a report on wednesday , ronald barone , an analyst at ubs warburg , suggested that the deal ' s current exchange ratio of 0 . 2685 share of dynegy for each share of enron could well be readjusted . he suggested that a much lower exchange ratio of 0 . 15 was more realistic . " you ' ve got to believe there is that possibility . there is a 90 percent spread on the deal , " said one analyst , referring to a potential renegotiation . " there ' s unquestionably continued malaise in enron ' s core business and dynegy has left itself open to renegotiate with enron , " he continued . some of enron ' s trading partners have scaled back their activity , causing that " malaise . " lower volumes at its trading business , which is the largest and most coveted portion of its operation , could cause fourth - quarter earnings to come in below expectations , enron has said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . tales of the tape : energy traders ' perfect storm stalls by christina cheddar of dow jones newswires 11 / 23 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 5166 ; christina . cheddar @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . u . s . energy exhange may scrap online platform plans by stephen parker of dow jones newswires 11 / 23 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 4426 ; stephen . parker @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron woes may endanger plans for mozambique steel proj 11 / 23 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) maputo , mozambique ( ap ) - - the recent downturn in fortunes for u . s . energy company enron corp . ( ene ) may quash hopes for the construction of a natural gas - fueled factory to produce steel slabs for export in mozambique , officials said friday . one of the largest companies in the u . s . , enron is struggling amid potentially new cash - flow and earnings problems . the houston - based company was to invest $ 1 . 1 billion in the maputo iron and steel project , a factory that once built , was expected to produce two million tons of steel slabs a year . but mozambican prime minister pacoal mocumbi said that the government hoped that , " enron ' s current difficulties will not lead to the cancellation of the project . " " my government wants to know from enron what is going on so that we are not held hostage to a lack of information , " mocumbi said . no immediate comment was available from enron officials in mozambique . the planned project is part of long - standing efforts to exploit vast natural gas reserves in mozambique and transport and sell the product into the industrial heartland of south africa . mozambique has two massive gas fields : temane is operated by the u . s . ' s atlantic richfield co . , sasol of south africa , and zarara petroleum of dubai , while pande is operated by enron . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . stockwatch enron down , dynegy up on lingering merger uncertainty 11 / 23 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - enron corp shares were lower , while dynegy inc was slightly higher in late morning trade on lingering uncertainty about their proposed merger following a news report that enron ' s sec filing last monday contained details that were not known to acquirer dynegy , dealers said . at 11 . 15 am , enron shares were trading down 17 cents at 4 . 84 , a decline of 3 . 3 pct . dynegy was up 44 cents at 40 . 20 . the djia was up 57 . 70 points at 9 , 892 . 86 . the s & p 500 was up 6 . 24 points at 1 , 143 . 27 . the nasdaq composite was up 11 . 94 points at 1 , 886 . 99 earlier , the wall street journal quoted an unnamed source as saying monday ' s sec filing contained information on the company which was unknown to proposed buyer dynegy . dynegy representatives are planning to work through the weekend evaluating the significance of this information as part of their due diligence on enron , the paper said . it did not specify the nature of the information . in the filing , enron revealed a number of new financial problems including a possible obligation to repay a 690 mln usd note due nov 27 . on wednesday , the company said it had received an extension on the repayment until mid - december , which it said was enough time to restructure the debt . the company also said it was in active talks with its creditors and expected to be able to restructure other debt and remain solvent long enough for the merger with dynegy to be completed . dynegy welcomed the news and said it will push ahead in seeking regulatory approval for the merger . but investors are concerned that the constant surprises in restated earnings and revelations of liquidity problems at enron may cause dynegy to walk away from the deal . ubs warburg analyst ronald barone lowered enron ' s fourth - quarter earnings per share estimate to a loss of 25 cents from earnings of 25 cents , arguing that its business will suffer until its liquidity problems are resolved . the analyst cut his full year estimate to 1 . 10 usd from 1 . 60 usd and 2002 estimate to 75 cents from 1 . 65 cents . if his figures prove to be correct , they would make dynegy ' s current merger exchange terms - - of 0 . 2685 dynegy shares for each enron share owned - - moderately dilutive . " we reiterate that if the merger with dynegy were to run into obstacles ( or fall through entirely ) enron shares could come under severe pressure as investors may question its ability to sustain liquidity ( and normal business activities ) for an extended period of time , " barone said in a note . " under such a scenario , bankruptcy would not be out of the question . " credit suisse first boston analyst curt launer was more upbeat , and said the share ' s decline in recent sessions has been overdone . " our industry contacts and discussions with traders indicate that while trading with enron has slowed , it certainly has not stopped , " said launer . for dynegy , the merger with enron still " represents a dramatic plus , " he said . cl / gc for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : houston economy seen weathering major layoffs . by ellen chang 11 / 23 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 23 ( reuters ) - houston ' s economy , buffered by a broad and diverse tax base , should be able to weather thousands of layoffs from some of the city ' s major corporations , including energy powerhouse enron corp . , economists and analysts said . financially ailing enron corp . , which has 21 , 000 employees worldwide and is in talks to be bought by houston - based rival dynegy inc . , is the third major employer in the city to announce severe financial problems in recent months . analysts expect layoffs if the merger occurs . continental announced a layoff of 3 , 000 employees after the sept . 11 attacks and hewlett - packard co . ' s plan to buy compaq computer corp . will , if finalized , result in 15 , 000 layoffs at the two companies . compaq also announced 8 , 000 layoffs worldwide in july . " it ' s fair to say that the potential layoffs at enron and the layoffs at continental , taken alone , are negative factors , although probably small in the grand scope of the houston economy , " said phil scheps , director of houston ' s finance and administration department . since last month when enron became a target of a securities and exchange commission investigation into financial dealings with partnerships , the energy giant ' s market share has steadily eroded . while neither enron nor dynegy have given any indication of the number of layoffs that could hit houston , barton smith , director of the institute for regional forecasting at the university of houston , said the layoffs " will be spread out over a long period of time and will not be excessive . " robin kapiloff , an analyst at moody ' s investors service , said the city ' s efforts to diversify its economy over the past decade will protect its revenue collections , even as some of the city ' s biggest employers suffer . " we ' re watching to see where things go now , " she said . alex fraser , a director at standard & poor ' s , said the ratings agency isn ' t concerned about houston ' s credit position at this point . " while enron is certainly a large player and prominent corporation , we ' re unclear on what the impact would be . " while the fourth largest city in the country experienced a bit of a slowdown since the sept . 11 attacks , houston has outperformed the rest of the nation . with a tax base of $ 87 . 3 billion in 2001 , houston is also buffered by the texas medical center , the city ' s largest employer . next year the city ' s tax base is estimated to grow to $ 95 billion . still , the national recession , energy price weakness in general , and the initial loss of consumer confidence related to the attacks has caused the city to reduce its estimate of sales tax growth to 1 . 5 percent from 5 percent . that revised estimate equals a $ 13 million reduction in the city ' s $ 1 . 4 billion budget . but the city ' s property tax revenue has not been affected . only a small change in property tax collections is expected in 2002 because valuations are based on jan . 1 data and for most of 2001 , real estate growth was very large , scheps said . while recent economic indicators appear positive , and consumer confidence has quickly rebounded , a better read on the strength of houston ' s tax revenue collections will be available in february when the city receives data for the december holiday season , scheps said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dabhol pwr confirms arbitrator panel mtg in singapore sat 11 / 23 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones dow jones newswires ; 91 - 11 - 461 - 9426 ; himendra . kumar @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron sec filing contained information dynegy was unaware of - report 11 / 23 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - monday ' s sec filing by enron ' s corp contained information that proposed buyer dynegy inc had not known about , the wall street journal quoted a person familiar with the merger plans as saying . dynegy representatives plan to work through the weekend evaluating the importance of this new information as part of the company ' s due diligence on enron , the source said , without specifying what the new information was . in the filing , enron disclosed hundreds of millions of dollars of potential additional write - offs as well as the possibility that its weakening financial condition could force it to repay more than 2 bln usd in loans by the end of the year . dynegy announced wednesday that it is working to accelerate regulatory approvals required to complete the acquisition in accordance with the previously announced agreement . the journal quoted analysts as saying dynegy is coming under increasing pressure to renegotiate or walk away from the deal . it also cited fitch director ralph pellecchia as saying that , without the dynegy acquisition and continued support from its bankers and customers , an enron bankruptcy - court filing " is highly possible " . jms for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy ' s decision to buy enron hits crossroads amid rising financial woes 11 / 23 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) even as it reiterated its intention to purchase enron corp . , dynegy inc . is coming under increasing pressure to renegotiate or walk away from the multibillion - dollar deal , friday ' s wall street journal reported . the pressure is stemming from the continuing slide in the price of enron ( ene ) shares and the mounting financial problems at the houston energy - trading company , the nation ' s biggest marketer of electricity and natural gas . during the past month , enron has taken a $ 1 billion write - off of assets , revised downward the earnings of the past several years and taken a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity . the problems have been due largely to dealings enron had with private partnerships , run by some of its own executives , under investigation by the securities and exchange commission . in an sec filing monday , enron disclosed hundreds of millions of potential additional write - offs as well as the possibility that its weakening financial condition could force it to repay more than $ 2 billion in loans by the end of the year . as of 4 p . m . wednesday in new york stock exchange composite trading , enron shares fell $ 1 . 98 , or 28 % , to $ 5 . 01 each after having dropped 23 % tuesday . in excess of 115 million shares traded wednesday , more than four times the volume of any other big board stock . enron ' s bonds also again traded sharply lower , market observers said . the turmoil spilled over to dynegy ' s stock , which also was among the most actively traded on the new york stock exchange . as of 4 p . m . wednesday , dynegy ( dyn ) shares fell $ 1 . 94 to $ 39 . 76 each . on wednesday , dynegy issued a statement in which chairman and chief executive chuck watson said his company was working " to accelerate the regulatory approvals required to complete the merger in accordance with the previously announced agreement " though it continued to perform " due diligence " on enron . under the merger agreement , dynegy has opportunities to renegotiate or walk away from the deal if enron ' s financial and legal problems become severe enough . however , some observers said it can be difficult to invoke these so - called material adverse change clauses . they point to a decision earlier this year by a delaware chancery court judge who forced tyson foods inc . to complete a planned purchase of ibp inc . even though tyson , a springdale , ark . , food - products company , had wanted to cancel the transaction because of a drop in ibp ' s earnings and accounting problems at an ibp unit . dynegy officials didn ' t return calls seeking comment . to complete the deal , two - thirds of dynegy shareholders and a majority of enron shareholders would have to give their approval . no dates for those votes have been set . one person familiar with the merger plans said the sec filing monday by enron contained information dynegy hadn ' t known about . dynegy representatives planned to work through the weekend evaluating the importance of this new information as part of the company ' s due diligence , this person said . it couldn ' t be determined what the new information was . the merger agreement , announced nov . 9 , calls for dynegy to exchange 0 . 2685 share for each of enron ' s roughly 850 million fully diluted shares , giving the purchase a value of about $ 9 billion at dynegy ' s current stock price . however , from a price standpoint , the deal is appearing less attractive to dynegy . on the day of the merger announcement , enron shares were trading at about $ 8 . 63 each , or about 83 % of the purchase price under the exchange ratio . as of wednesday , enron ' s market price was only about 47 % of the merger - formula price . such a sharp deterioration is unusual following a merger announcement , when the stock price of the company being acquired generally begins trading relatively close to the offering price . sentiment among wall street analysts also is turning against the merger . initially , many analysts lauded the merger as a move that would rescue enron and provide a major boost to houston - based dynegy . dynegy and enron officials have predicted that the merger , supposed to be completed late next year , would significantly and immediately increase dynegy ' s earnings . now analysts are challenging that assumption . ron barone , managing director at ubs warburg llc , said he believes that because of enron ' s financial problems , a combined company would actually have lower earnings next year than dynegy would have by itself . mr . barone said he thinks a " likely scenario " is that the merger formula will be renegotiated sharply down to about 0 . 15 dynegy share for each enron share . copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk employees ' lawuit says enron hurt retirement funds courts : the suit claims the energy firm urged workers to invest in company stock just before it plunged . from associated press 11 / 23 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 2 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company houston - - two enron corp . workers are suing the company , claiming it endangered their retirement funds . the lawsuit , filed in federal court in houston under the employee retirement income security act , asserts that enron encouraged the employees to invest more heavily in company stock just before the stock tanked . the lawsuit was filed by portland , ore . , utility lineman roy rinard and co - worker steve lacey . enron shares have plunged more than 90 % over the last several months since the departure of the company ' s chief executive and an accounting controversy that prompted the firm to restate its earnings since 1997 , eliminating more than $ 580 million of reported income . steve berman , managing partner for the law firm of hagens berman in seattle , said enron touted the value of its shares and encouraged employees to put their entire portfolio into enron stock . enron officials didn ' t emphasize the risk and instead painted the situation as positive , especially when the company ' s stock began to slide , said berman , who is hoping to get the suit certified as a class action . berman wants to prove that the company ' s 401 ( k ) plan executives failed to act responsibly when they knew about serious business problems . he ' s also hoping to break new legal ground with his case . the lawsuit is patterned after a case against lucent technologies in which lucent employees sued their employer this summer for matching their 401 ( k ) contributions with company stock that tanked . that case is still in litigation . earlier this year , rinard , 54 , had $ 472 , 000 in his enron 401 ( k ) plan , which had been growing for 21 years . today , his plan is worth about $ 40 , 000 . enron gives its employees their 401 ( k ) match in company stock . in january , enron was trading for $ 84 . 87 . wednesday it closed at $ 5 . 01 a share on the new york stock exchange . the problem was compounded when many employees , including rinard , saw enron ' s stock doing so well that they decided to put their entire account into enron stock . enron executives had talked about how the stock price was poised to climb above $ 100 a share , rinard told the houston chronicle . in addition , enron employees were not allowed to make trades in the 401 ( k ) plan for about a month , starting oct . 17 . that was the day after enron surprised the market with the news it was taking a $ 1 . 01 - billion after - tax third - quarter charge to get out of bad investments . enron officials , who could not be reached , have said they had planned the lockdown for several months because the company was changing plan administrators . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business portland utility ' s fate tied to enron ' s future nigel hunt reuters 11 / 23 / 2001 the seattle times fourth c 2 ( copyright 2001 ) los angeles - - oregon ' s largest utility , portland general electric , faces an uncertain future as its parent enron fights for its life amid a deepening financial crisis , industry experts said wednesday . another oregon utility , northwest natural gas , is due to file next week with state regulators for approval to take over portland general . those same regulators could soon be faced with a similar application from dynegy as part of a still - pending deal to acquire cash - strapped enron . if enron were to file for bankruptcy before portland general has been sold , its future could be thrown into the hands of a texas bankruptcy court , experts said . northwest natural gas agreed oct . 8 to acquire portland general for around $ 1 . 8 billion , plus about $ 1 . 1 billion in assumed debt and preferred stock . a month later , enron announced it had agreed to be acquired by houston - based dynegy . " we ' ve been watching this from afar to see how it could impact that sale ( portland general ' s acquisition by northwest natural gas ) , " said roy hemmingway , chairman of the oregon public utility commission . " we have authority if that sale doesn ' t go through to rule on whether dynegy can take over enron , " he said . ratings agency fitch last week cut portland general ' s debt ratings due to " uncertainty at its parent enron . " wednesday , the same agency said a bankruptcy filing by enron was " highly possible " if the proposed rescue by dynegy collapses . " we haven ' t seen any credit problems so far , and portland general isn ' t in the market ( buying power for its customers ) right now in a big way , " hemmingway said . however , he noted that , " if they really were unable to conduct their business because they were not creditworthy we would have to use whatever instruments are available " to make sure service to customers is maintained . earlier this year , california was forced to take over buying power for the pg & e unit of pacific gas & electric and edison international subsidiary southern california edison after the two utilities saw their credit ratings cut to junk status . federal regulators have insisted the sellers of wholesale power have the right to sell to a creditworthy buyer . california ' s largest utility , pacific gas & electric , chose to file for bankruptcy because of its mounting debt . in a parallel , consumer advocates fear the fate of the biggest utility in neighboring oregon could end up in the hands of a bankruptcy judge . hemmingway said the oregon public utility commission recently had granted portland general a rate increase and the utility has " plenty of cash flow currently to handle its obligations . " " this is nothing like california where that was not the case , " he said . northwest natural gas , which is also based in portland , has set a target of filing next wednesday with the oregon commission to take over the utility , spokesman steve sechrist said . " we have no concerns whatsoever at this point . the deal is moving forward and there is no reason we can see why it should not " he said , noting the delay to the filing was the result of the complexities of the acquisition . jason eisdorfer , a lawyer for the citizens ' utility board of oregon , said major questions would be raised if enron went under before the deal were completed . " would the ( bankruptcy ) judge let the terms of the agreement go forward . i don ' t know . there is a risk that portland general will become an asset to be disposed of under bankruptcy , " eisdorfer said . copyright [ copyright ] seattle times company , all rights reserved . you must get permission before you reproduce any part of this material . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron shares and bonds fall on concern about takeover ( update 5 ) 2001 - 11 - 23 15 : 55 ( new york ) enron shares and bonds fall on concern about takeover ( update 5 ) ( updates with dynegy comment in fifth paragraph . ) houston , nov . 23 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . shares and bonds fell for a third day on concern the company ' s weakened financial condition and plunging stock price may lead dynegy inc . to try to cancel or rework a takeover of the biggest energy trader . shares of enron , the most - active u . s . stock , dropped 30 cents , or 6 percent , to $ 4 . 71 . they fell 45 percent tuesday and wednesday after enron said it may have to pay more than $ 9 billion in debt due by 2003 . enron 6 . 4 percent bonds due in july 2006 were bid at 55 cents on the dollar , down from 62 cents on wednesday , traders said . enron shares are trading at less than half the value of dynegy ' s offer , which shows investors are questioning whether the buyout will be completed on the terms agreed to two weeks ago . enron ' s financial woes may prove to be a drag on dynegy ' s earnings next year if the transaction is completed , analysts said . ` ` there are continued doubts about the deal , ' ' said ubs warburg analyst ronald barone , who rates dynegy a ` ` strong buy ' ' and doesn ' t own shares in either company . ` ` enron ' s earnings aren ' t what they used to be because they ' ve lost trading business . given that , dynegy has an opportunity to renegotiate the price . ' ' dynegy spokesman john sousa said the company ` ` remains optimistic for the potential of the merger . ' ' enron agreed nov . 9 to the takeover , now valued at about $ 23 billion in stock and assumed debt , after a financial crisis threatened it with bankruptcy . on wednesday , enron got a three - week reprieve from lenders on a $ 690 million note due next week , giving the company more time to restructure its finances . dynegy chief executive officer chuck watson said he was ` ` encouraged ' ' by the commitment to extend the note payment , as well as the closing of a $ 450 million credit facility , and that dynegy remained committed to the purchase . more than 40 million enron shares changed hands today , almost twice their three - month daily average , in a session shortened because of the thanksgiving holiday . enron was the most - active u . s . stock on wednesday , with 116 million shares traded . dynegy shares rose 64 cents to $ 40 . 40 today . less than $ 2 billion in a securities & exchange commission filing monday , enron said it has less than $ 2 billion in cash and credit lines left . if the company ' s cash reserves run too low , enron is in danger of seeing its credit rating cut below investment grade . that would trigger $ 3 . 9 billion in debt repayments for two affiliated partnerships . enron ' s bankers have met with unidentified investors , including leveraged buyout firms and two industrial companies , in a bid to shore up the energy trader ' s finances with an injection of as much as $ 2 billion , the new york times reported yesterday , citing unidentified executives close to the companies . enron spokeswoman karen denne said the company is seeking $ 500 million to $ 1 billion . enron needs to raise $ 1 billion to $ 1 . 5 billion in cash within the next 45 days , said sean egan , managing director of egan - jones rating co . ` ` their trading operation has burned through cash faster than the market had expected , ' ' egan said . trading business traders including mirant corp . and aquila inc . have said they shifted transactions away from enron after its plunging stock price prompted concerns about creditworthiness . enron has said fourth - quarter earnings would be reduced partly by a drop in its energy - trading business . watson said after the enron buyout was announced he expected it to increase 2002 earnings by 35 percent . analysts said that can ' t happen unless enron recovers lost trading business . several have cut their 2002 estimates for enron . the average estimate of analysts polled by thomson financial / first call for next year is now $ 1 . 68 a share , down from $ 2 . 14 a month ago . dynegy can cancel or renegotiate if enron can ' t meet debt payments , its trading market collapses , banks demand more collateral or raise the interest rate for loans , enron ' s credit rating is cut to junk , the sec cites enron for securities fraud , or if enron ' s legal liabilities including shareholder suits exceed $ 3 . 5 billion , egan said . will dynegy renegotiate ? dynegy officials were considering whether to try and renegotiate terms of its agreement with enron , according to the new york times report . dynegy and enron are both based in houston . ` ` dynegy investors would like to see the company negotiate a lower price for enron , ' ' said credit lyonnais securities analyst gordon howald , who rates dynegy ` ` buy ' ' and owns no shares . under the nov . 9 terms , enron investors would receive 0 . 2685 dynegy share for each share held . at today ' s closing price , that values enron stock at $ 10 . 85 . a year ago , enron traded at almost $ 80 . investors worry that a cancellation of the merger would push enron into bankruptcy . ` ` the market is saying there seems to be no obvious plan b for enron and that is what has investors concerned , ' ' said eric bergson , who helps manage $ 9 billion of fixed - income assets at northern trust co . in chicago . ` ` the lower bond prices go , what the market is saying is that there ' s less chance of this deal going through . ' ' - - jim polson in princeton , ( 609 ) 750 - 4658 or jpolson @ bloomberg . net kkr , blackstone are among likely enron investors , analyst says 2001 - 11 - 23 16 : 20 ( new york ) kkr , blackstone are among likely enron investors , analyst says houston , nov . 23 ( bloomberg ) - - kohlberg , kravis roberts & co . , the blackstone group and the carlyle group are among the likely candidates to be approached by enron corp . for a private equity investment to shore up the company ' s balance sheet , said industry analyst david snow of . net . the firms have cash on hand and have invested in energy companies in the past . an investment in enron may look attractive now that its shares have plunged by 94 percent this year . ` ` many of the larger , more traditional buyout firms would find this deal attractive , ' ' said snow . ` ` this is a company that has real assets that is down in the dumps and has need of capital when capital is scarce . ' ' enron ' s bankers met recently with leveraged buyout firms and two industrial companies to seek an investment , the new york times reported , citing executives close to the companies . enron ' s stock fell for a fifth day in six on concern the company ' s weakened financial condition may lead dynegy inc . to try to cancel or rework its planned purchase of the rival houston company . investors may inject as much as $ 2 billion under arrangements that would protect them from further declines in enron ' s stock , the times said . the new investments would be in enron ' s transwestern pipeline , which connects natural - gas fields in texas to the california market , the newspaper said . j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . agreed to terms that give each of them a $ 250 million equity stake as part of a transaction to be completed monday , officials told the newspaper . buyout firms sometimes make collective bids , pooling their money and distributing the risk . the firms also like to invest in industries that are out of favor with public investors and to do so in partnership with corporate investors , like dynegy , said snow . ` ` you need to know enough about the ( energy ) business to know whether it ' s a good deal , and then you need to be confident in the dynegy team , ' ' he said . kkr kkr , the second - biggest private equity firm with $ 24 billion in assets , declined comment on enron through spokeswoman molly morse of kekst & co . the new york - based firm invested more than $ 1 . 3 billion in dpl inc . , a utility in dayton , ohio , and will receive $ 550 million of that back from the company after dpl sold $ 700 million of bonds in august . ` ` kkr very much gets involved in deals where there ' s a corporate partner and they don ' t have a majority stake , ' ' snow said . ` ` they would possibly hold it for years , because they like slow exits . ' ' kkr is also a possible candidate because it recently raised a new $ 5 billion buyout fund . any lbo firm would need assurance about how it will get its money back on an enron investment , said snow . ` ` the thing they have to be cautious about is the exit , ' ' he said . ` ` if there ' s a chance dynegy would agree to buy out ( the lbo firms ' ) stake over time , that would give some confidence . but if the only exit is the public market , that ' s a little bit dicier . ' ' any private investment also must be large enough to make a meaningful difference : enron ' s market value is $ 3 . 7 billion and dynegy has proposed paying $ 23 billion in stock and assumption of debt . that means the private equity portion would have to approach $ 1 billion or more . the 20 largest private equity firms have assets of more than $ 5 billion under management each , according to asset alternatives , a wellesley , massachusetts industry research firm . still , many of those firms don ' t have enough free capital to undertake an investment of $ 500 million or more . an announcement of an investment may come soon , analysts say . energy trading firms such as mirant corp . and aquila inc . are doing fewer trades with enron because of concern that the company won ' t be able to finance its business . enron shares have fallen by almost half in the past three sessions . ` ` they ' re going to need this investment within 30 to 45 days , ' ' said sean egan of egan - jones ratings co . ` ` they ' re spiraling downward and they ' re going to need some more beyond the $ 1 . 5 billion contributed by ' ' chevrontexaco corp . , which owns 26 percent of dynegy . other lbos here ' s a rundown of the other most likely private equity partners for enron : - - the carlyle group could invest through a $ 1 billion energy fund it ' s raising , as well as its general u . s . buyout fund , said snow . carlyle ' s vice president for corporate communications , chris ullman , declined to comment . - - blackstone , which has a history of investing alongside other corporate partners , recently closed on a $ 4 billion buyout fund . blackstone spokesman john ford declined to comment on whether enron had approached the firm . - - hicks , muse , tate & furst , which is based in texas like dynegy and enron . hicks muse counts triton energy ltd . , an energy exploration company , among its best investments . the firm recently raised about $ 1 . 5 billion for new investments , about one - third of what it had hoped to raise , and has said it will focus on ` ` back - to - basics ' ' investments in food , manufacturing and media . mark semer , a spokesman for hicks muse who also works for kekst , declined comment on enron . spokesmen for two other firms , warburg pincus & co . and credit suisse first boston ' s private equity arm , didn ' t return calls seeking comment . - - randy whitestone in the new york newsroom ( 212 ) 940 - 1805 microsoft msn fast web access expansion slowed by enron suit 2001 - 11 - 23 11 : 59 ( new york ) microsoft msn fast web access expansion slowed by enron suit redmond , washington nov . 23 ( bloomberg ) - - microsoft corp . ' s plans to expand its msn high - speed internet service have been delayed by a lawsuit from enron corp . , which could cost the company customers during the holiday season , analysts said . msn had planned to have fast internet access over telephone lines available , with help from energy trader enron , in 45 markets starting oct . 25 . instead , the service is now on sale in about 30 markets , said msn product manager lisa gurry . the latest delay follows a string of apparent bad luck that has delayed the rollout of microsoft ' s fast internet access service over the last year . the holidays are typically a popular time for customers to buy so - called broadband access , often along with new personal computers purchased or received as gifts . ` ` they have a track record of picking broadband partners that don ' t quite work out , ' ' said joe laszlo , senior analyst at market researcher jupiter media metrix inc . ` ` it definitely hurts them with customers who want broadband right now . ' ' subscribers to fast internet access services are expected to grow fourfold by 2006 , according to estimates by jupiter media metrix , while sales of slower internet access plans decline . fast internet service over phone lines uses digital subscriber line , or dsl , technology . on track gurry said redmond , washington - based microsoft is still on track to have fast access for sale by the end of march to 90 percent of the 45 million to 50 million households that have dsl available in their neighborhoods . ` ` there is very little growth left in the dial - up access space for microsoft or anybody , which leaves them with broadband as the only potential growth area for the msn access business , ' ' said youssef squali , an analyst at fac / equities , who rates microsoft internet competitor aol time warner inc . a ` ` buy . ' ' microsoft also wants to deliver consumer services like music and video and software updates , which require fast internet access for smooth downloads . the company originally began a service with northpoint communications group inc . , a now - bankrupt provider of fast web access . microsoft has also had difficulty finding partners among cable companies who use their networks for high - speed service . now houston - based enron , which agreed in june to provide the backbone for a nationwide expansion of msn ' s service , is suing . enron claimed in its lawsuit that it isn ' t required to deliver broadband services if microsoft hasn ' t first provided a billing and ordering system that the biggest software company agreed to build . enron , which is being acquired by rival dynegy inc . , recently disclosed debts of $ 9 . 15 billion due by 2003 and restated earnings for four years . slower expansion msn has been selling high - speed access in 14 states under partnership with qwest communications international inc . for the last few months . msn has begun the planned service expansion outside of those states by working with enron competitors that msn marketing director bob visse declined to name . the company is also talking to enron , he said . enron didn ' t return calls for comment . because of the enron suit the expansion is moving slower than expected , visse said . since oct . 25 , msn has added service in los angeles , san francisco , san diego and sacramento , california , and houston , dallas , san antonio and austin , texas , giving microsoft a total of about 30 markets rather than 45 . plans to expand marketing are also on hold , visse said . ` ` it is very unfortunate that we are in the position we are in , ' ' said microsoft chief executive steve ballmer . top u . s . internet service provider america online , owned by aol time warner inc . , has also been slow to get into the high - speed market , analysts said . that doesn ' t mean microsoft is in the clear . laszlo said both msn and aol might pay for their sluggishness with tougher competition from third - place earthlink inc . and from cable and telephone companies that have more experience selling high - speed internet access . america online has more than 31 million subscribers to msn ' s 7 million . earthlink inc . has 4 . 77 million subscribers . laszlo doesn ' t think msn or america online can build the kind of lead in the high - speed market that america online has in the slower dial - up access market . ` not a permanent blow ' not that anyone need worry about microsoft . msn will be able to expand its fast internet access business even with the delays , laszlo said . ` ` they are already late in the broadband market so this means they get a little later , ' ' he said . ` ` but broadband will continue to grow over the next few years and this is definitely not a permanent blow . ' ' analysts also say microsoft still needs to find a cable partner that will let msn use its network to sell fast access over cable lines . cable is more popular than dsl with customers looking for fast web service . the five largest cable providers control 51 percent of the u . s . high - speed internet market . the five largest sellers of access via phone lines and dsl technology account for about 33 percent , according to market researcher ars inc . microsoft msn vice president yusuf mehdi said last month the company may be interested in an investment in at & t corp . ' s cable - television unit , which at section a corrections 11 / 22 / 2001 the new york times page 2 , column 4 c . 2001 new york times company because of an editing error , an article in world business yesterday about the enron corporation ' s prospects for selling its interest in the dabhol power project in india misstated the size of its stake . it is 65 percent , not 70 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: re : technical training at the houston energy expo ! vince : looks like an excellent value overall if they cover the same topics in these classes as in the enron internal classes . the website says that registering for one of the classes automatically registers you to the expo . i would like to recommend them to my team . did someone from our group already register for this ? thanks krishna . vince j kaminski 02 / 12 / 2001 01 : 50 pm to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : technical training at the houston energy expo ! krishna , please , take a look . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 12 / 2001 01 : 50 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lana moore on 02 / 07 / 2001 10 : 53 : 05 am to : nesa members cc : subject : technical training at the houston energy expo ! technical training in conjunction with the houston energy expo march 20 - 21 , 2001 hyatt regency hotel - downtown we are offering : fundamentals of electricity basics of risk management natural gas - wellhead to burnertip there are only 25 spots in each class , so sign up today ! go to www . nesanet . org , in educational programs each class is listed with details and a registration form . member price is $ 545 per person . non - member price is $ 745 per person . if you have any questions , please give me a call ! ! lana moore ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 
2	Subject: enron mentions enron shares fall on concern over cfo ' s partnerships ( update 4 ) bloomberg , 10 / 19 / 01 usa : update 1 - enron stock sustains further heavy losses . reuters english news service , 10 / 19 / 01 enron corp . cut to ` hold ' at a . g . edwards bloomberg , 10 / 19 / 01 bandwidth beat : enron broadband unit takes a beating dow jones energy service , 10 / 19 / 01 dynegy chief : bandwidth growth won ' t wait for trading dow jones energy service , 10 / 19 / 01 uk : jobs in base metals down but definitely not out . reuters english news service , 10 / 19 / 01 new power hldg sees meeting 3 q loss estimate dow jones news service , 10 / 19 / 01 enron shares fall on concern over cfo ' s partnerships ( update 4 ) 2001 - 10 - 19 16 : 24 ( new york ) enron shares fall on concern over cfo ' s partnerships ( update 4 ) ( updates with chief financial officer fastow didn ' t immediately return a call for comment in fifth paragraph . ) houston , oct . 19 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s shares have fallen 26 percent in the past three days on concern the biggest energy trader ' s dealings with partnerships run by its chief financial officer contributed to investment losses . enron ' s stock dropped 10 percent today . enron ' s board cost the company at least $ 35 million by allowing chief financial officer andrew fastow to manage ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment , partnerships that bought enron assets , a shareholder alleged wednesday in a lawsuit . the lawsuit came the day after enron reported $ 1 . 01 billion in third - quarter losses from failed investments . the wall street journal reported $ 35 million of the losses were connected with the two limited partnerships . enron also reduced shareholders ' equity by $ 1 . 2 billion when it bought back 55 million shares from the partnerships , the paper reported yesterday . ` ` it looks sleazy , ' ' said roger hamilton , a manager at john hancock ' s value funds , which own 600 , 000 shares . ` ` if you are someone who invests in a company ' s management , it ' s almost time to punt with enron . ' ' enron spokeswoman karen denne didn ' t return calls or written requests seeking comment . fastow didn ' t immediately return a telephone call for comment . fastow and a handful of associates made more than $ 7 million last year in management fees and about $ 4 million in capital increases on an investment of about $ 3 million in one of the partnerships , the journal reported today . buying enron assets fastow is involved in 17 other similar companies and partnerships that appear to have ties to houston - based enron , based on filings with the texas secretary of state . the foreign business corporations and limited liability companies have directors , officers or managers whose address is listed as 1400 smith street in houston , enron ' s corporate address , according to texas records . fastow is listed as a director , officer or managing member in each one . at least one of the companies bought and sold enron assets , including foreign power plants . whitewing management , which lists fastow as its managing member , received $ 807 million from the sale of enron debt last year . under the terms of the debt sale , whitewing is allowed to use the proceeds to buy power plants from enron or make other ` ` permitted investments . ' ' whitewing has bought 14 enron plants or companies since 1999 and sold four . enron ' s denne has not responded to written requests about fastow ' s role at whitewing or whether he used his knowledge of the value of enron assets to benefit outside investors or company executives at enron ' s expense . shares of enron fell $ 2 . 95 to $ 26 . 05 . they have fallen 69 percent this year . - - russell hubbard in the princeton newsroom , 609 - 750 - 4651 or rhubbard 2 @ bloomberg . net , and jim kennett in houston , ( 713 ) 353 - 4871 or jkennett @ bloomberg . net / pjm / alp / pjm usa : update 1 - enron stock sustains further heavy losses . 10 / 19 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ( new first paragraph , adds additional analyst comment ) by andrew kelly houston , oct 19 ( reuters ) - enron corp . stock sustained further heavy losses on friday as investor confidence in the former wall street favorite was rocked by reports about the company ' s relationship with a limited partnership that was run until recently by enron ' s chief financial officer . the energy giant ' s stock closed down $ 2 . 95 or 10 . 2 percent at $ 26 . 05 per share , making a cumulative loss of 27 percent for a week in which enron reported a third - quarter loss of $ 638 million , its first quarterly loss in over four years . analysts said confidence was shaken by several articles in the wall street journal this week alleging possible conflicts of interest on the part of chief financial officer andrew fastow , who until recently ran a limited partnership that bought assets worth hundreds of millions of dollars from enron . " i don ' t think this thing passes the smell test , " said one analyst who spoke on condition of anonymity . " i think the cfo should be out of there right now . in the interest of the stockholders , that cfo should be gone , " he said . enron has rejected the suggestion that there was anything improper about the arrangements , but fastow severed his ties with the ljm 2 partnership earlier this year to allay concerns raised by investors and analysts about his dual responsibilities . poor judgment ? analysts said that at the very least , the arrangement showed poor judgment by senior managers at enron , which recently pledged to be more open with investors and analysts following a series of high - profile stumbles that culminated with the shock resignation of new chief executive officer jeff skilling in august . " for a company that had a lot of question marks around it already , these questions about financial dealings are really worrisome for investors , " said commerzbank securities analyst andre meade . " it points to poor decision - making on behalf of the board and top management at enron , " he said . enron , north america ' s biggest buyer and seller of natural gas and electricity , was one of wall street ' s high flyers last year , when its stock posted a gain of 87 percent . the stock ' s ascent was driven by enthusiasm for the company ' s plans to build a broadband telecommunications business and the success of its enrononline internet energy trading platform . this year enron ' s shares have fallen 69 percent as sentiment toward broadband and the internet soured , skilling resigned after only six months as ceo , and the company ' s dabhol power plant project in india became mired in a payments dispute . moody ' s investors service said earlier this week that it had placed all of enron ' s long - term debt obligations on review for a possible downgrade after enron took $ 1 . 01 billion in write - downs and charges that substantially reduced valuations for several non - core businesses , including broadband and water services . some of enron ' s financing arrangements require the company to maintain investment grade credit ratings . analysts said enron ' s credibility has been severely damaged and the recent reports about the ljm 2 partnership had raised concerns that more unpleasant surprises may lie ahead . " what don ' t we know that went on at that company ? where ' s the credibility ? " asked one frustrated analyst . " we don ' t know if it ' s limited to this , " he said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron corp . cut to ` hold ' at a . g . edwards 2001 - 10 - 19 16 : 27 ( new york ) princeton , new jersey , oct . 19 ( bloomberg data ) - - enron corp . ( ene us ) was downgraded to ` ` hold ' ' from ` ` buy ' ' by analyst michael c heim at a . g . edwards & sons inc . bandwidth beat : enron broadband unit takes a beating by michael rieke 10 / 19 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 713 - 547 - 9207 ; michael . rieke @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy chief : bandwidth growth won ' t wait for trading by erwin seba of dow jones newswires 10 / 19 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 713 - 547 - 9214 ; erwin . seba @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk : jobs in base metals down but definitely not out . by amanda cooper 10 / 19 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , oct 18 ( reuters ) - dismal industrial demand and the fickleness of hedge funds seduced by more volatile markets have slashed london metal exchange members ' profits over the past year and set off a gathering wave of job cuts . the decline and fall of base metal prices in the past year and a half has prompted a series of high - profile companies to withdraw from the market , casting a pall over next week ' s yearly lme week industry gathering in london . jobs have gone from front office to back in trading houses and banks , raising questions about the prospects for those now seeking work . " good people can always be placed . as long as there is a job to fill and the company has a budget to hire , " sarah gilley of london - based recruitment group exchange consulting said . " where the situation starts to get difficult is where everyone is cutting budgets , people are not being replaced when they leave and there have been an awful lot of redundancies . " last week , scotiamocatta , a subsidiary of the bank of nova scotia and a key ring dealing member , unveiled its decision to give up open outcry trading on the lme floor , prompting around 25 job losses among traders , phone jockeys and clerks . then blue - blooded banker n . m . rothschild & sons closed its london and new york base metals units . it left its core precious metals business intact , but 20 base metals staff were laid off in the process . in the same week , the lme ' s largest floor trader , enron metals , said it planned to cut 10 to 20 percent of its metals staff as part of an exercise to cut 250 to 500 jobs in the enron group . security with three big market players and several major banks with commodities divisions slashing jobs at the same time , competition in the labour market will intensify and those in work are becoming wary about job security . " what we ' re finding at the moment is that there is still demand for traders with a track record , which is possibly increasing because people are nervous about their jobs and so they ' re keen to stay put , " gilley said . " so whereas someone who might be a big money - spinner with a track record would have previously stayed in their job for two to three years , they are now staying for three to five years . " they probably feel that they ' re reasonably safe where they are , they ' re well recognised and not going to stick their necks out , " she said . bonus fears october has never traditionally been a strong month for the the jobs market in base metals as players are often distracted by lme week functions and conferences also , traders tend to be looking towards their annual performance - linked bonuses , which are usually announced at the end of the year . " those who are in work at the moment are sticking . often at this time of year , people are hanging on for their bonuses . but i don ' t think any of them are anticipating good bonuses . they ' re probably just happy to have a job , " sian griffiths of exchange consulting said . lme volumes traded have been fallen over the past 18 months as the powerful hedge funds that once took a shine to the metals swarmed into areas such as hi - tech and telecomms stocks . metals traders who handled the large volume of fund activity have begun to focus again on moree traditional clients , and this may yet prove a boon for the jobs market . companies are seeking to fill a shortage of staff schooled in the traditional practices of trading physical metal . " a lot of companies who had sidelined the traditional physical business are now re - aligning their focus and need poeple who understand the physical market and know how to set up a hedge and manage it , " gilley said . " the other area where demand has markedly increased in comparison to a few years ago is marketing , " she added . as for morale in the industry , individuals ' confidence in their future is seemingly undimmed . " just because i ' ve lost my job doesn ' t mean i ' m going to sell my porsche , " one trader said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . new power hldg sees meeting 3 q loss estimate 10 / 19 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones and said it has revised an agreement with enron corp . ( ene ) , lowering the collateral new power must post under a master netting agreement . in a press release friday , new power said the amendment to the enron pact and cost - cutting efforts will allow the company to continue to conduct business until it secures ongoing asset - backed financing . the company reiterated its earlier expectations of a third quarter loss of $ 65 million to $ 70 million , or $ 1 . 12 to $ 1 . 20 a share . analysts put the company ' s third quarter loss at $ 1 . 16 a share , according to thomson financial / first call . third quarter revenue will be " slightly lower " than the $ 60 million to $ 65 million forecast in august , new power said . in the year - ago third quarter new power lost $ 1 . 23 a share on revenue of $ 18 . 19 million . the amendment to the master netting agreement with enron north america corp . , enron energy services inc . and enron power marketing inc . affects the master cross - product netting , setoff , and security agreement , and expands through jan . 4 the types of collateral that new power is permitted to post to the enron units . under the amended pact , the first $ 70 million of posted collateral must be in the form of cash , while amounts in excess of $ 70 million may consist of not more than $ 40 million of eligible receivables and inventory of new power , valued at discounts specified in the amendment , and subject to a $ 25 million limit for october 2001 . shares of new power traded recently on the new york stock exchange at $ 1 . 67 , up 1 cent , or 0 . 6 % , on early composite volume of 7 , 900 shares . average daily volume is 223 , 800 shares . - bill platt ; dow jones newswires ; 201 - 938 - 5400 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for january 16 , 2001 teco tap 45 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: enron net works 2002 budget process the 2002 enron net works budget will for the first time combine allocations to business units for four key services : enron online , it infrastructure , risk management operations and it maintenance and development . we are providing a level of detail for expense and capital spend that is greater than that provided in past years , and that will allow business units to make informed choices regarding the services that they receive . we are meeting with individual business unit offices of the chair to review in detail the four service areas delivered through enron net works . some of these meetings have been completed and more will occur between now and october 12 . please keep the following points in mind as we work with you to finalize budget : enron networks today is very different from this time last year . additions to the 2002 enw budget are operations for ea , eim and egm . operations , it maintenance and development , and it infrastructure for ees and ebs have been included under the enw umbrella for the first time in the 2002 budget as well . the 2001 budgets for these functions were approved and included in individual business units last year . any comparison of enw ' s 2002 versus 2001 budget must be appropriately adjusted for these organizational changes to be relevant . for further detail for each business unit , enw ' s 2002 expense and capital dollars are organized to mirror each business unit ' s lines of business ( products or commodities ) in order to create a transparent view at a more granular level of the costs involved in supporting each of the lines of business . the detail that is being provided to business units for it costs delineates licensing fees , system maintenance costs and new development costs . detail on each it development project identifies the purpose , business sponsor , line of business , " in progress " or " planned " designation , expense and capital spend , system impacted , and estimated completion date . in order to finalize it project budgets , decisions will be required from the business units on which projects to undertake in 2002 . if you have questions about the enw budgets as we are working with you to finalize them , please call one of us . greg piper sally beck mark pickering 
2	Subject: experts are jumping all over this stock secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticais ! tota | shares issued many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 005 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: 8 : 15 trade counts hi louise , we ' re about where we were yesterday : trade date trade cnt 11 / 13 / 2001 1597 11 / 12 / 2001 1613 11 / 11 / 2001 9 11 / 10 / 2001 12 11 / 9 / 2001 1441 11 / 8 / 2001 1608 11 / 7 / 2001 1819 11 / 6 / 2001 1972 11 / 5 / 2001 1851 11 / 4 / 2001 6 11 / 3 / 2001 15 11 / 2 / 2001 1777 11 / 1 / 2001 2010 10 / 31 / 2001 1722 10 / 30 / 2001 1806 10 / 29 / 2001 1652 10 / 27 / 2001 7 10 / 26 / 2001 1822 10 / 25 / 2001 2219 10 / 24 / 2001 1812 10 / 23 / 2001 2134 10 / 22 / 2001 1730 10 / 21 / 2001 12 10 / 20 / 2001 1 10 / 19 / 2001 1938 10 / 18 / 2001 1748 10 / 17 / 2001 1608 10 / 16 / 2001 1680 10 / 15 / 2001 1323 10 / 14 / 2001 8 10 / 13 / 2001 5 10 / 12 / 2001 1454 10 / 11 / 2001 1542 10 / 10 / 2001 1334 10 / 9 / 2001 1462 10 / 8 / 2001 1446 10 / 7 / 2001 3 10 / 6 / 2001 4 10 / 5 / 2001 1539 10 / 4 / 2001 1716 10 / 3 / 2001 1310 10 / 2 / 2001 1240 10 / 1 / 2001 1354 the big counterparties that are still far off typical pace are : aep dynegy mirant refco overseas the bank of nova scotia cargill sempra is back with a vengeance . i don ' t know what that is about . - - jay 
2	Subject: re : meter 1428 oct 99 - beaumont methanol i ' m sorry , did we discuss bmc ? ? ? . lee can confirm the accuracy of this , but bmc bought 20 , 000 from us and intended no swing and no buyback . brandywine ( dorcheus ) controlled the meter , therefore it is their responsibility to make up the overs and unders . i believe a deal is in place with brandywine to cover that very issue for november . if not please let me know . lee , if this is not your understanding for nov . business please let us all know . thanks ken howard b camp 12 / 20 / 99 07 : 36 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : thu nguyen / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth seaman / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 1428 oct 99 - beaumont methanol lee , i need you to answer a few questions to resolve this issue . first , you show a deal volume of 20 , 000 on nov . 7 and the pipeline confirmed this volume . is this the volume you agreed to sell beaumont methanol ? this volume is in agreement what the deal ticket says , the volume confirmed by hpl , and dorcheus ' s volume . second , the buyback issue is that a buyback is set up until june 2000 per julie meyers notes she sends out every month ( last note sent dec 3 and you are on distribution list ) . brandywine has nothing to do with this issue . it is an issue between hpl and beaumont methanol . do we have an active buyback in place and how do you decide to use the buyback ? this is a commercial issue that i need further clarification from you if you have a buyback in place or not . if not , please notify julie and note on the deal ticket that this buyback is no longer effective . if it is still active , please contact chyral and resolve . let me know the final resolution . hc - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by howard b camp / hou / ect on 12 / 20 / 99 07 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : thu nguyen 12 / 20 / 99 03 : 38 pm to : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter 1428 oct 99 - beaumont methanol - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thu nguyen / hou / ect on 12 / 20 / 99 03 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lee l papayoti on 12 / 20 / 99 02 : 01 pm to : thu nguyen / hou / ect @ ect cc : stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 1428 oct 99 - beaumont methanol i don ' t have all the data that you have in front of you and so am not in a position to call bob dorcheus . . . . please call him directly at 281 - 293 - 1789 . . . . this is an issue between brandywine and beaumont methanol . . . . please reference the fax from chyral hankins of beaumont methanol when you call bob dorcheus . also , chryal tells me there is a problem on november 13 , 14 , and 15 . . . . our invoice shows us buying gas back from beaumont methanol on those three days , something that was a surprise to her . again , this an allocation issue between beaumont methanol and brandywine . . . . please call chyral at 712 - 233 - 6558 before calling bob dorcheus . thanks from : thu nguyen 12 / 20 / 99 01 : 39 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter 1428 oct 99 - beaumont methanol lee , stella tells me she does have a nom of 20 , 000 on day 7 . could you please get back with dorcheus and find out why there is a discrecpancy in the noms ? thanks thu 3 - 7159 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thu nguyen / hou / ect on 12 / 20 / 99 01 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : thu nguyen 12 / 15 / 99 09 : 45 am to : stella l morris / hou / ect @ ect cc : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter 1428 oct 99 - beaumont methanol stella , could you please verify your confirmations for beaumont methanol for oct 99 prod . there is a discrepancy on day 7 , where we have confirmed nom of 20 , 000 and they show zero . i will send you a fax copy from chyral hankins . please let me know . thanks thu 3 - 7159 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 16 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011604 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: re : lst chapter of training book george , we shall be able to accommodate one or two extra people in the first round . we shall be glad to repeat the seminars starting soon for a bigger group . we would like to learn form experience how to run it . by the way , we had an option training for ees ( roughly 150 people , over a few weeks ) . i can give you the materials and we can repeat it if you think it ' s useful . vince george hopley 01 / 05 / 2001 09 : 01 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : lst chapter of training book vince - i had heard about this derivatives class from clayton and i am inquiring about the possibility of someone outside of the research group being able to attend . if so , i would like the opportunity . let me know if it is possible . thanks , george shirley crenshaw @ ect 01 / 05 / 2001 07 : 58 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , martin lin / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron , william smith / corp / enron @ enron , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , shalesh ganjoo / hou / ect @ ect , tom halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , sofya tamarchenko / na / enron @ enron , bob lee / na / enron @ enron , gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron , hector campos / hou / ect @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron , youyi feng / na / enron @ enron , v charles weldon / hou / ect @ ect , praveen mellacheruvu / hou / ees @ ees , li sun / na / enron @ enron , stephen bennett / na / enron @ enron , roman zadorozhny / hou / ees @ ees , lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron , leann walton / na / enron @ enron , shane green / hou / ees @ ees , seksan kiatsupaibul / hou / ees @ ees , kate lucas / hou / ect @ ect , nelson neale / na / enron @ enron , rabi de / na / enron @ enron , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron , jaesoo lew / na / enron @ enron , jason sokolov / hou / ect @ ect , steve bigalow / na / enron @ enron , tom barkley / na / enron @ enron , rakesh bharati / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : lst chapter of training book good morning everyone : here is the much anticipated copy of the lst chapter of the training book " energy derivatives " . as previously stated the training will begin on friday , january 19 th from 11 : 30 - 1 : 00 in 30 cland every first and third friday thereafter in 49 cl . if you have any questions , please let me know . thanks and have a great day ! shirley 
2	Subject: 10 stuff better than v i a g r a heya just found out the website which has the cheapest price for l e v i t r a / c i a l i s well . . , in case you dont know , normally l e v i t r a / c i a l i s retail for as high as $ 18 . 99 at this website you can find it as low as $ 2 . 99 http : / / ejrhxw 322 . com / ? 897 benefits ( 1 ) increase power , pleasure and stamina even if you do not have impotence problems ( 2 ) about 80 per cent lower price ( 3 ) it has benefits over v i a g r a and other ed treatment solutions , you can mix alcohol drinks with soft tabs without any undesired effects . ( 4 ) does not make you feel dizzy or make vision blurred , so you can easily drive a car or operate heavy machinery . ( 5 ) and at last , but not least , s o f t t a b s acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of v i a g r a action ( 6 ) we ship world wide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally give it your best shot http : / / ejrhxw 322 . com / ? 897 thanks for looking jarred gonzales not interested , go here http : / / ejrhxw 322 . com / rm . php ? 897  
2	Subject: cheap online drugs here manley recur anteater bey cohomology argumentation leapt childhood medications from the comfort of our home ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here inheritor caiman bourbaki airplane eavesdropping char forth  
2	Subject: time to try gener ! c v ! agra generic sildenafil citrate is the active ingredient in the blue sex pill , and costs up to 70 % less . don ' t be misled by herbal versions , which are not effective at all all major credit cards are accepted for payment . roslyn yawn http : / / ekucjem . . com this is where you can be taken off the database : y 2 iryywfk 
2	Subject: paliourg photoshop , windows , office , cheapy . top quality software : special offer # 1 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional  only $ 80 special offer # 2 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  only $ 120 special offer # 3 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  only $ 100 also : windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows 2000 advanced server windows 2000 datacenter windows nt 4 . 0 windows millenium windows 98 second edition windows 95 office xp professional office 2000 office 97 ms plus ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms money 2004 ms streets and trips 2004 ms works 7 ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop adobe pagemaker adobe illustrator adobe acrobat 6 professional adobe premiere macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 corel draw graphics suite 12 corel draw graphics suite 11 corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 norton system works 2003 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage enter here ? jyrur 4 jg 4 @ iit . demokritos . gr " > or un * su * bs * cr * ibe cleanse ectopic binocular shotgun weight candy auditory cb deception ditty orphic tipoff incommutable aniline curate blanch gubernatorial unity bergman gil planar spiky chiropractor servo contraband bamboo delicti degree hyperbolic subsuming charlemagne homebuilding alveoli seepage o ' s thenceforth wet adventitious existent cryptanalyze kirchner declarative burlington masochist arouse belmont nevins harrison presence beady perturbate devout tantrum versatile rave canadian fraternity beneficial deform polymorphic pornography ginseng dictatorial ferocity plush handleable consider usage backyard caesar grainy beautify amphetamine arcade dirac complete widen coyote acute gunk luftwaffe phalarope bulgaria alloy berglund callous efficacy propagandist ft lift diamagnetism drum borosilicate togo hypophyseal knee rhine off jubilate  
2	Subject: fw : socal rls / peaking tariff fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hass , glen sent : thu 8 / 2 / 2001 3 : 42 pm to : harris , steven ; fossum , drew ; miller , mary kay ; watson , kimberly cc : subject : socal rls / peaking tariff in the cpuc ' s meeting today , the commission approved the proposed rls / peaking tariff which provides for a bypass peaking rate when customers bypass their system except for peaking service . it appears they approved the june 19 th proposed decision which establishes a cost based rate made up of four components - - customer charge , public purpose program charge , reservation charge and a volumetric interstate transition cost surcharge . as soon as the order is published i ' ll review the final order and advise if this is still true or if any changes were made . socal will have 10 days from the order to file an advice letter with conforming tariff sheets . gh 
2	Subject: re : are you still online ? click here to be removed  
2	Subject: re : hi ! the " partying lokay ' s " - what a wild family ! ! ! ! ? does chuck e . cheese have a new year ' s party planned ? ? of course we will spend new year ' s with you if we are in town . ? we have the air mattress at the house there , so we will be okay as far as a place to stay . ? i asked caroline the other day if she would like to go to the funplex with emily this saturday , and she said , " meghan ! " - - - - - original message - - - - - from : michelle . lokay @ enron . com [ mailto : michelle . lokay @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , december 21 , 2000 2 : 55 pm to : hitschel , bonnie v . subject : re : hi ! don ' t forget , you can always call me . . . 713 - 345 - 7932 . what are you guys doing on new year ' s ? ? if you ' re in houston and want to spend it with the " partying lokay ' s , " we ' re available . ? maybe you can even stay with us ! use michelle . lokay @ enron . com for the emails ( scott ' s email is scott . goodell @ enron . com ) . ? they are in the process of changing all our email addresses to the longer ones . thanks for the offer for urban retreat . . . count me in ! " hitschel , bonnie v . " on 12 / 21 / 2000 02 : 25 : 32 pm to : ? ? " ' michelle . lokay @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : ? re : hi ! not too bad so far - of course , first day is kind of boring , and not a lot of people in the office . ? we get out at noon tomorrow and are off monday and tuesday . i am not sure when we will be back - you can mail the pics if you want to , or wait . ? i have some also , but the christmas ones are on a new roll that is not finished yet . ? i am guessing we will either be in houston or dallas at new year ' s . should i use michelle . lokay @ enron . com for your address , or is mlokay okay ? ( it rhymes ! ) ? also , what is scott goodell ' s e - mail - it came back to me ? hope to see you soon , and have a great christmas . ? oh yeah , would you be interested in the pedicure i have left on my urban retreat gift certificate ? ? i never got around to using it . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : michelle . lokay @ enron . com [ mailto : michelle . lokay @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , december 21 , 2000 2 : 02 pm to : hitschel , bonnie v . subject : hi ! how are you ? ? was it hard going in for a full day today ? i was hoping you were going to call us before you left town . . . got all the pictures developed from the weekend . ? made copies for you and there were very cute ones of meghan and caroline ! ? do you want me to mail them to you or will you guys be back soon ? ! ? ! 
2	Subject: bob , i want to thank you for your response time in getting cody a draft of the amendment for them to look at this morning . cody will be out of their current obligation for this gas on february 11 th , i will firm this date up here in the next couple of days . cody has requested that we strike the gas daily price for gas brought on any day other than the lst day of the month . this language is mentioned in article 2 . contract price . 2 . 1 price . i have called darren farmer on the texas desk and explained my situation to him . he passed on to me that this is not a problem since i will know the date and volume this package will start flowing to hplc . please e - mail a copy after these changes for approval to be sent overnight to cody . thanks ! 
2	Subject: follow - up louise , i sent two emails to you last friday ( 18 may ) . i have a concern that perhaps you have not received them . can you confirm receipt , please ? thanks . best regards , bobbi new telephone : 713 345 2809 new fax : 713 646 5969 new address : 1400 smith st ( mailstop : eb - 3691 ) , houston , tx 77002 - 7361 ; physical location eb - 3658 b 
2	Subject: new recruit : matthew williams work and training plan attached . those in the us please feel free to resize the document to your printer ' s content . steve 
2	Subject: amazing job offer for real bussines people experienced and dedicated professionals work with us . colorphotomix company sells simple , elegant easy , useful , and professional software . this days we are hiring personnel to boost our companys profits and to give variousindividuals this exciting opportunity . you can get 1000 - 4000 usd commission a month . start work with us , become a part of our team and we will progress together , for a long time . benefits and facts you don ' t buy our products in order to work with us . you don ' t advertise us . you don ' t invest in us . 24 / 7 support . nothing to lose only to gain ! our requirements business or computer background is an asset basic internet / computer skillsreliable start work today , send you resume or contact information to e - mail : manager @ cheapmarket . net  
2	Subject: tonight - soccer i have some tickets available for the soccer game and fireworks , tonight at 7 : 00 pm ! please let me know if you are interested . mollie gustafson ext . 3817  
2	Subject: have you made p a y m e n t s to a d e b t collector say good riddance to your card balances . cancel debts and never make another payment ? discharge debts quickly , painlessly , legally . for the rest of the story about canceling debt , go to our elimination pages po box in link above and you can say no thank you for the future near the outskirts of the city appeared a high tower , upon the flat roof of which a man was engaged in adjusting a telescope . upon seeing rob , who was passing at no great distance from this tower , the man cried out : approchez ! - - venez ici ! then he waved his hands frantically in the air , and fairly danced with excitement so the boy laughed and dropped down to the roof where , standing beside the frenchman , whose eyes were actually protruding from their sockets , he asked , coolly : well , what do you want ? the other was for a moment speechless  
2	Subject: east power development origination credit allocation louise : i got a couple urgent messages today from jody pierce and fred mitro asking about allocation of the group ' s origination . attached please find our official list ( a copy of which i gave you last week , but i have made a few updates ) . in making these allocations for purposes of the prc process , however , i want to note a couple of things . first , i have listed the individual in the group who worked most with me on each of the subject transactions . each deal , however , involved many members of the group , and i don ' t want to diminish other ' s contributions to these deals . the deals we have closed have been very complicated , and have all involved many months of structuring in order to bring them to the point of creating value for the company . second , the deal sheet does not recognize the significant development milestones we have reached with respect to florida and georgia in particular . lastly , you will note that i have left my name off the list . i have done this for two reasons : because i have worked on all these deals , and because i want to motivate people in the group by providing them recognition for their efforts . the specific contribution made by the individuals on this list varies by the skill set of these individuals . some co - leads have played a more technical role , while others have played more of a commercial role . i will be prepared to go through this list in detail on monday , and provide a more comprehensive explanation of the listed individual ' s contributions . i will also be prepared to talk about the contributions to our development efforts that others have made . please let me know if you ' d like to talk about this list this weekend . you can page me at 1 - 888 - 876 - 3206 . regards , ben 
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the postfix program at host mtal . sa . th . hotchilli . net . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that the message returned below could not be delivered to one or more destinations . for further assistance , please send mail to if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the message returned below . the postfix program : host relay - 1 . th . hotchilli . net [ 62 . 89 . 140 . 17 ] said : 452 4 . 2 . 2 message would exceed quota for ( in reply to rcpt to command ) 
2	Subject: cheap pharmacy uv do you want new mexican drugs ? http : / / www . druq . net /  
2	Subject: re : tw capacity options order ugh . not only does this result stink in this docket , but my paranoid side ( about 95 % of me ) thinks this is an entirely political decision and bodes ill for our overall california situation . df - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pavlou , maria sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 5 : 01 pm to : harris , steven ; hyatt , kevin ; lindberg , lorraine ; fawcett , jeffery ; donoho , lindy ; lohman , tk ; lokay , michelle ; miller , mary kay ; hass , glen ; scott , susan ; darveaux , mary ; corman , shelley ; kirk , steve cc : fossum , drew ; ' fkelly @ gbmdc . com ' subject : tw capacity options order the commission issued an order today rejecting transwestern ' s filing to purchase and sell options for firm transportation capacity . the commission found that transwestern has not met its burden of proof that its proposal will overcome the adverse consequences identified by the parties to this proceeding . specifically , the concerns raised by the protestors included : the reservation of future capacity without a concomitant payment of reservation charges , which precludes other shippers that place a higher value on the capacity from acquiring the capacity ; the use of the program for speculative purposes ; and the absence of a recourse options rate to provide protection to shippers as required under the commission ' s negotiated rate authority . i ' m faxing the order . i presume we want to seek rehearing ? maria 
2	Subject: beautys wir mvchten dihc herzlich willkommen hei _ en in unserem neuen erotik webportal . wir sind die nummer eins im netz . 24 h nonstop live - erotik ! live sexcams teens , lolitas , amateur , biggirls couples , . . . wilde fickereien zu dritt , zu viert , gangbang , paare lesbensex , . . . sexy comics hentai , manga , sexy toons , sex games . . . sm / bizarr sm , fetish , pics , domina , movies , livecams , . . . beautys aktphotos , art , movies , galerien , beauty - cams , . . . blowjobs cumshot bilder , xxx blowjob movie , livecam , . . . titten - parade big - titts , kleine titten , normale titten , silikon , . . . http : / / www . mysexgirlie . com / ? wmid  346822 das hat dich noch nicht richtig feil gemacht ? kein problem , wir haben massenweise andere tolle inhalte fir dich parat . warte einfach auf den ndchsten newsletter von uns . solltest du aber partout nichts mehr von uns hvren wollen , dann klicke einfach hier :  
2	Subject: year - to - date report attached is the year - to - date report to 9 / 26 / 01 . lex carroll enron east power marketing , inc . midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: re : mscf speaker series pierre - philippe , friday would be beter . vince pierre - philippe ste - marie on 10 / 09 / 2000 10 : 11 : 37 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : mscf speaker series dear mr . kaminski , it goes without saying that whoever come with you is invited for dinner . would you prefer to have dinner on thursday night or friday night . i think it would be better friday night as we could discuss the presentation . sincerely , pierre - philippe ste - marie 
2	Subject: oasis sept 01 production mike , i am missing the following meters : contract meter receipt or ( delivery ) volume 028 - 27099 - 02 - 002 1265 delivery 10 , 000 028 - 27099 - 02 - 002 2187 delivery 60 028 - 27099 - 02 - 002 6301 receipt 18 , 963 if you have any questions , give me a call . if you need a copy of the statement , let me know . thanks . stephen r . swisher specialist , energy operations enron net works , llc phone : 713 - 345 - 3042 fax : 713 - 345 - 7701 email : stephen . swisher @ enron . com 
2	Subject: heart - rolex live genuine repiica watches - many brands including rolex omega iwc . . . more detalls here  
2	Subject: re : 12 / 17 churn - - eb 29 to ebl 9 job done ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 22 / 99 05 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lupe rodriguez @ enron 12 / 21 / 99 04 : 08 pm to : move - team / epsc / hou / ect @ ect cc : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , dolores sustaita / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , janelle duree / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : 12 / 17 churn - - eb 29 to ebl 9 i have guys up there now to complete this request . we don " t move the plants but we will this time . any thing else just let me know . lupe move - team @ ect 12 / 21 / 99 02 : 26 pm sent by : linda richard @ ect to : lupe rodriguez / corp / enron @ enron cc : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , dolores sustaita / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , janelle duree / hou / ect @ ect subject : 12 / 17 churn - - eb 29 to ebl 9 hi lupe ! there are approximately 25 boxes , several small file cabinets and 2 plants ( a 3 ft and a 9 ft plant ) that are ready to be moved from 29 to 19 . this is part of the 29 th floor 12 / 17 churn . the items are located in various offices of the " fishbowl " area on the 29 th floor . they are labeled with the 19 th floor designated location . there are 2 larger file cabinets that are located in the hallway . the 2 plants need to be taken to ebl 944 . is there anyway to work this in your schedule on tommorrow ? thanks linda 
2	Subject: pay les for w ! ! ndows 2000 server mit newsletter : pc optl 0 ns we have all your favorite programs at incredibly low prices check out these amazing offers microsoft office xp pro 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 do / / ars corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 do / / ars windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 50 do / / ars adobe photosh 0 p 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 do / / ars get it while it lasts check out your details shawn morrow cofferer anawa trading sa , ch - 8602 wangen / zurich , switzerland phone : 717 - 811 - 1354 mobile : 414 - 751 - 4651 email : lyswz @ xd 990 . com this message is for confirmation this file is a 67 minute usage version notes : the contents of this information is for understanding and should not be electrocardiogram carmen additional information : http : / / www . symantecstore . com training serviceshttp : / / www . symantecstore . com / services / quote inalterable tablet time : wed , 01 dec 2004 22 : 08 : 59 - 0500 
2	Subject: shop for rolex here only . [ junior ] she told me you want a rolex ?  
2	Subject: buy valium cheap new offshore pharmacy - not a single medical question asked , guaranteed or it ' s free . valium , xanaxm , soma , zyban , super vlagara , etc . 100 % private no questions . 128 - bit encrypted site which means maximum confidentiality no tracing . executives , doctor ' s , business people have been using our site for years we are proud to present it to you . see what were all about today . this communication is privileged and contains confidential information intended only for the person ( s ) to whom it is addressed . any unauthorized disclosure , copying , other distribution of this communication or taking any action on its contents is strictly prohibited . if you have received this message in error , please notify us immediately or remove yourself from our list if there is no interest in regards to our products . http : / / www . lopzzz . com / mo 01 p / byebye . html starling extoller greek transformation bony cayley sleep goodwill convocation indiscreet sadler resemble attitude bricklay calligraphy combinatoric eurasia flash quiz offal counterargument dugout rajah waterside reducible chambermaid incomprehensible fence decrypt purchasable brahmsian homicidal bowel fontainebleau quilt mint nikolai ragging mycenaean rusty monkeyflower cartesian usage shafer enjoinder virgin riordan aurelius henrietta bike eavesdropped fragrant dunedin concourse arithmetic salacious sawtooth glassine amphibology g  
2	Subject: the new power company ; reserved share program enron u . s employees : a registration statement relating to a proposed initial public offering of shares of common stock of tnpc , inc . ( tnpc ) , an affiliate of enron corp . , has been filed with the securities and exchange commission . in connection with the proposed offering , tnpc has arranged to reserve a limited number of shares of tnpc ' s common stock for purchase by enron u . s . employees and certain other individuals ( reserved share program ) . if you have any interest in further information regarding the reserved share program , which has a deadline of october 2 , 2000 , please execute the link to the following site where you will find a preliminary prospectus , a letter explaining the program , an expression of interest form , and an nasd questionnaire related to the offering : note : in the event that you are unable to execute the above link , please copy the link to the address line of your installed browser . the following statements are required to be included in this e - mail by the rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission : " a registration statement relating to the shares has been filed with the securities and exchange commission but has not yet become effective . these securities may not be sold nor may offers to buy be accepted prior to the time the registration statement becomes effective . this e - mail shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sales of these securities in any state in which such offer , solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state . " " no offer to buy the securities can be accepted and no part of the purchase price can be received until the registration statement has become effective , and any such offer may be withdrawn or revoked , without obligation or commitment of any kind , at any time prior to notice of its acceptance given after the effective date . an indication of interest in response to this advertisement will involve no obligation or commitment of any kind . " 
2	Subject: promotion for martin lin sheila , a reminder about promoting martin lin from associate to manager . do we have any leeway on his salary adjustment ? he is currently at 81 k , and i understand that his new salary can be made retroactive to aug . 1 , 2000 . thanks , stinson 
2	Subject: hey , it ' s me beckyvgko 968124 on msn jkoutsi if the image above does not open please go to our site below for important information . urgent information hastings shareholder airmass testate opera anthropomorphism astronaut ryan 2 
2	Subject: largest collection of dowlnoadable porn d \ / d movies - xo 09 cum witness the most extreme sexual achievements ever to be found on the net ! we have tons of exclusive never before seen pics and videos of your fav pornstars doing exactly what you dream to see ! do you think you have what it takes to beat one of our records ? we welcome all member entries , cum see if you have what it takes to earn a spot in our record library ! http : / / 35 c . info . lediesnight . biz / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - amoco consequent chalet beam aliphatic batavia creekside decomposition canfield administratrix defendant dimension 
2	Subject: fw : friends at enron ( urgent ) : re : enrondirect . co . uk happy new year louise . hope things are going okay down in houston with the bidding process for netco . etc . , and that you were able to take some holiday . i want to thank you again for facilitating my transfer back to canada . i was really enjoying working in the toronto office ; the people are impressive and the opportunity in the ontario market is definitely massive and exciting . for now , i ' m going to be working on the ' estate ' side of things for enron canada , but meanwhile , i ' ve also started investigating some interesting opportunities outside ( i . e . retail opportunities , online platforms , etc . ) . anyway , per below , are you okay with enrondirect . co . uk getting transferred over to centrica ? please let me know when you get a chance . all the london it guys that were dealing with this appear to be gone , so i ' ll follow up as appropriate . thanks , paul paul goddard manager , enron canada corp . t : ( 416 ) 865 3725 c : ( 416 ) 725 3731 e : paul . goddard @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : goddard , paul sent : 07 january 2002 10 : 35 to : taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; holsworth , mark subject : re : friends at enron ( urgent ) : re : enrondirect . co . uk centrica are not connected to txu ( aka eastern group ) to my knowledge . at least as of october when i left london , they were competitors in the marketplace . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : taylor , mark e ( legal ) sent : 07 january 2002 10 : 11 to : holsworth , mark ; goddard , paul subject : re : friends at enron ( urgent ) : re : enrondirect . co . uk is centrica somehow related to txu uk limited ? i seem to remember that they were granted a license to use the name enrondirect for 6 months in connection with a sale of enron direct ( uk ) . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : holsworth , mark sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 8 : 40 am to : goddard , paul cc : taylor , mark e ( legal ) subject : re : friends at enron ( urgent ) : re : enrondirect . co . uk i think that is a good idea . louise should be able to tell you if she still has interest in the name . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : goddard , paul sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 8 : 39 am to : holsworth , mark cc : taylor , mark e ( legal ) subject : re : friends at enron ( urgent ) : re : enrondirect . co . uk that ' s fine . if you like i am happy to respond to him , but i ' ll run it by louise kitchen first to make sure she is happy with the domain name being transferring over to centrica . thanks , - paul paul goddard manager , enron canada corp . t : ( 416 ) 865 3725 c : ( 416 ) 725 3731 e : paul . goddard @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : holsworth , mark sent : 07 january 2002 09 : 30 to : goddard , paul cc : taylor , mark e ( legal ) subject : re : friends at enron ( urgent ) : re : enrondirect . co . uk this is a business decision not a legal one . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : goddard , paul sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 7 : 57 am to : holsworth , mark cc : taylor , mark e ( legal ) subject : fw : friends at enron ( urgent ) : re : enrondirect . co . uk importance : high mark ( and mark ) - happy new year , i hope you are doing well . could one of you get back to josh bourne at register . com about this ? register . com has been helping us manage our corporate suite of domain names . my assumption is that provided the acquisition of enron direct ( uk ) by centrica plc has been finalized , we should allow the domain name transfer to occur ( though only for enrondirect . co . uk as opposed to enrondirect . ca , enrondirect . com , or other enron direct urls ) . will leave it to you to decide next steps . . . thanks , paul paul goddard manager , enron canada corp . t : ( 416 ) 865 3725 c : ( 416 ) 725 3731 e : paul . goddard @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : joshua bourne [ mailto : jbourne @ register . com ] sent : 04 january 2002 12 : 33 to : foy , felipe ; hostmaster ; cresswell , james ; goddard , paul cc : tommy ho ; john cooney subject : friends at enron ( urgent ) importance : high dear friends , i realize that some of you may no longer be at enron . i am very sorry about what has happened and wish you all the best for a pleasant and productive 2002 . i need to make you aware of a situation that makes me very nervous . we have been contacted by nominet , the registry for . uk domains . nominet has asked us to free the domain enrondirect . co . uk and allow it to transfer away to a third party : centrica plc please advise whether we should follow these instructions at your earliest ( most urgent ) opportunity . furthermore , if you have a moment , call me in order to sort out some open domain matters . best regards , josh joshua s . bourne register . com , inc . new york , ny + 1 212 . 798 . 9261 
2	Subject: numbers for sharad agnihotri hi dale ( i would also like to arrange for a direct reporting line to me for sharad . regards , anjam x 35383 p . s . kate : i have attached the agencies terms and conditions below : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 05 / 07 / 2000 16 : 21 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : alex blair 05 / 07 / 2000 15 : 29 to : " ' anjam ahmad ' " cc : subject : numbers anjam , ? ? ? ? ? ? ? as requested please find enclosed details on sharad ' s numbers : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? basic salary : o 40 , 000 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? car allowance : o 3 , 500 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ( paid in cash ) ? ? ? ? ? ? ? annual bonus : ol 3 , 000 ( this bonus was paid for ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 99 - 00 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 8 mths work april - dec ) total o 56 , 500 sharad has been informed that his bonus payments for year 00 - 01 will be floored at o 25 , 000 . ? sharad ' s expectations therefore are to receive a base salary of between o 57 . 5 - o 60 k plus bonus . i hope this is of use and ask that if you have any questions that you do not hesitate to call . alex blair senior consultant alex . blair @ alexmann . com tel : 0207 891 6671 fax : 0207 905 1313 web : " the alexander mann group has a stated policy for the use of electronic mail which is rigorously enforced throughout the group . the contents of this e mail should meet the requirements of the policy - if you would like further details please forward this message to info @ alexmann . com or call 0207 242 9000 . the information contained in this electronic mail message is confidential . it is intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom it is addressed and others authorised to receive it . if the reader of this message is not the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any use , copying , dissemination or disclosure of this information is strictly prohibited . " 
2	Subject: cinergy 203 update just received a call from sam behrends at leboeuf . he just spoke to the ferc about cinergy 203 . they are working on 203 as we speak . appear to have everything that they need . he reminded them that we want to close this quarter . sam ' s best guess is early next week for order to be issued . he said , once they finish writing order , it goes upstairs for a couple of days and then usually takes two days to get published . still leaves plenty of room for lq close ( on or around the 27 th ) . i will let you know if i hear anything else . thanks , don 
2	Subject: interview dear mr . kaminski : i am very sorry to tell you that i have to cancel my interview with you scheduled on feb 9 th . i had a job offer from citadel investment at chicago with a deadline on feb 5 th . i have been trying to get an extension for the past week and unfortunately it failed today . with this very short time frame , it is impossible for me and enron ' s interviewing process to meet the feb 5 th deadline . how unwillingly , i would not be able to visit enron for after taking citadel ' s offer . i hope you will find another candidate from our class . there are some people still available . i will be happy to help you get in touch with those interested . please keep in touch and i wish you well in your business ! frank qian fqian @ andrew . cmu . edu 
2	Subject: italian crafted rolex from $ 75 to $ 275 - free shipping heya , do you want a rolex watch ? in our online store you can buy replicas of rolex watches . they look and feel exactly like the real thing . - we have 20 + different brands in our selection - free shipping if you order 5 or more - save up to 40 % compared to the cost of other replicas - standard features : - screw - in crown - unidirectional turning bezel where appropriate - all the appropriate rolex logos , on crown and dial - heavy weight visit us : http : / / vanai . com / rep / rolex / best regards , hilton jones no thanks : http : / / www . vanai . com / z . php 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] seeking your partnership dear partner to be , first , i must apologise to you for using this medium to communicate to you about this project . i am a highly placed official of government of nigeria and also a founding member of the ruling party in power now , the peoples democratic party ( pdp ) . my committee - the niger delta development corporation ( nddc ) - which is in charge of managing and supervising the disbursement of oil sales revenues for the nigerian government . the revenues under our control runs into several hundred of millions of dollars monthly . my self and other colleagues in the nddc are currently in need of a foreign partner with whose bank account we shall transfer the sum of forty nine million five hundred thosand united states dollars ( $ 49 . 5 m ) . this fund accrued to us as commission for oil sales contracts handled under our supervision . the fund is presently waiting in the government account named cbn / fgn independent revenue account number 400 - 939134 with j . p . morgan chase bank , new york . you can do your independent verification of this . however , by virtue of our position as civil servants and members of the nddc , we cannot acquire this funds in our name . this is because as top civil servants , we are not allowed by law of the land to own or operate bank accounts outside our country for now . i have been delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues , to look for an overseas partner in whose account we would transfer the fund hence the reason for this mail . we shall be transferring the money to your account with your company as we shall present your company as a registered foreign company in nigeria and you are been paid for a contract which you executed for our country through the nddc and any other federal ministry that we decide to use to siphon the funds through . for your support and partnership , please reply me to negotiate your fees or the percentage you wish to be paid when the funds arrive your bank account . you must however note that this transaction , with regards to our disposition to continue with you , is subject to these terms . firstly , our conviction of your transparency . secondly , that you treat this transaction with utmost secrecy and confidentiality . finally and above all , that you will provide an account that you have absolute control over . the transaction , although discrete , is legitimate and there is no risk or legal disadvantages either to ourselves or yourself now or in the future as we have put in place perfect mchineries that will ensure a hitch free transfer into your account upon acceptance . the transfer will be effected to your account within ten - fourteen ( 10 - 14 ) working days as soon as we reach an agreement and you furnish me with a suitable bank account and company name and address with all your contact numbers including fax number . i am looking forward to doing business with you and do solicit your confidentiality in this transaction , please mail your response to me . yours faithfully , anderson k . eseimoku - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: re : industrial report since unify { mop } is down today it will be impossible to meet my aggressive deadline for completing the " ken seaman " report . once the system is up and running , i will complete the report and the julie meyers report . i am updating both reports with the information available . this message really is intended for gary because daren and pat is aware of my situation . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 01 / 2000 02 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd on 07 / 31 / 2000 09 : 50 am to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect subject : re : industrial report i will have the " ken seaman " file completed by the end of day august lst . enron north america corp . from : pat clynes @ enron 07 / 31 / 2000 09 : 40 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : industrial report i am referring to ken seaman ' s file which provides additional information . we definitely need ken ' s file completed by aug lst . and distributed to our group , daren farmer , and gary hanks . both files should be completed and can be linked on duplicate information . thanks , pat robert e lloyd @ ect 07 / 31 / 2000 09 : 29 am to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : industrial report i am confused . what file do you want me to update ; julie meyers file or ken seaman file ? both files provide similar data which is helpful to all of our support groups . to prepare both files i feel is a duplicate of my efforts . please let know if you want both files updated and the approximate time table for completion . enron north america corp . from : pat clynes @ enron 07 / 31 / 2000 09 : 02 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : indutrial report robert , this is the file that i referenced in my last email . please get this file going again . thanks , pat daren j farmer @ ect 02 / 25 / 2000 04 : 52 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : indutrial report robert , ken developed an industrial report before he left . it can be found at o / logistics / kenseaman / industrialsmonthly / . . . there is one file for each month of 2000 . i need you to update this for march . this will need to be distributed to gas control , logistics , and myself . let me know if you have any questions . d 
2	Subject: mexico city office expenses louise , per your request , the mexico city office expenses for february 2001 ytd are listed below : salaries & wages $ 43 , 743 employee pension & benefits 5 , 657 other employee expenses 6 , 567 employee meals & entertainment 4 , 117 employee travel & lodging 9 , 390 communications expense 12 , 420 outside services - other 919 supplies & expense 1 , 288 rent expense 24 , 725 payroll tax - fica exp 2 , 505 value added tax expense 5 , 599 other income - third party 49 total mexico city office exp $ 116 , 979 let me know if you have other queries regarding mexico . regards , nhv x 5 - 3920 
2	Subject: re : fw : energy book promotion thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : julie cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com sent : saturday , march 24 , 2001 1 : 18 am subject : re : fw : energy book promotion julie , i shall track down fiona . she may be on vacation . vince " julie " on 03 / 22 / 2001 03 : 28 : 34 pm please respond to " julie " to : ? ? " vincejkaminski " cc : subject : ? fw : energy book promotion hi vince , i sent the attached for enron ' s approval to fiona grant , but haven ' t heard back . in the contract that we signed it states that we need to seek approval from enron if we want to use the company name . is there someone else we should direct these requests ? hope you are well . julie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : julie to : fiona . grant @ enron . com sent : thursday , march 15 , 2001 5 : 20 pm subject : energy book promotion fiona , i ' ve attached a letter that is going to be sent out to some ? universities , promoting the energy derivative book . are we allowed to ? mention , " . . . in association with enron corp . " ? please see attached . should we check with you every time we would like to use " enron corp . " when advertising the book ? it will usually follow similar format . thanks , julie lacima group ( see attached file : covering letter for book brochures . doc ) 
2	Subject: cómo solventar observaciones de las instancias fiscalizadoras zmocu quality training de m?xico presenta en : ? m?xico , d . f . , guadalajara , tijuana y m?rida ! c?mo solventar observaciones de las instancias fiscalizadoras ? lo que todo servidor p?blico debe saber ! la cuenta p?blica es el producto terminado de la contabilidad gubernamental , que es donde finalmente , quedan plasmadas todas las operaciones que hace un gobierno , cualquiera que sea su instancia : municipal , estatal o federal . la contabilidad est? , a su vez , ?ntimamente relacionada al presupuesto autorizado por los congresos estatales y federales y en el caso de los municipios , por el decreto de presupuestos de egresos municipales , y no puede , bajo ning?n concepto , excederse de su tope y alterar sus cap?tulos . la falta de conocimiento del marco normativo y la falta de informaci?n oportuna conllevan a un registro err?neo de las operaciones . este seminario est? dise?ado para que usted obtenga la certeza de que los registros y control contable y presupuestal de los ingresos y egresos del sector p?blico que est? llevando son correctos no s?lo aritm?ticamente sino de acuerdo con la normatividad vigente en la materia . con los conocimientos adquiridos durante este seminario , usted : - se actualizar? en el tema y obtendr? fundamentos s?lidos para elaborar correctamente los estados financieros y cuentas p?blicas del gobierno de que se trate . - evitar? errores en los registros contables y presupuestales . - tendr? la informaci?n que sus jefes requieren para tomar decisiones mejores y oportunas . - conocer? los riesgos de utilizar err?neamente recursos presupuestados para inversi?n o para gasto corriente . ? no se lo puede perder ! solicite informaci?n completa de click abajo ! m?xico , d . f . : 18 y 19 de octubre de 2004 sede : hotel nikko m?xico de click aqu? . . . ! solicite informaci?n completa informes al tel : 54 46 69 00 con 10 lineas guadalajara : 25 y 26 de octubre de 2004 sede : hotel presidente intercontinental de click aqu? . . . ! solicite informaci?n completa informes al tel : 31 23 12 00 con 10 lineaslada sin costo : 01 800 633 7000 tijuana : 28 y 29 de octubre de 2004 sede : hotel camino real de click aqu? . . . ! solicite informaci?n completa informes al tel : 634 65 80 con 10 lineaslada si costo : 01 800 026 99 29 m?rida : 01 y 02 de noviembre de 2004 sede : hotel hyatt m?rida de click aqu? . . . ! solicite informaci?n completa informes al tel : 948 06 08 con 10 lineaslada sin costo : 01 800 90 10000 si no desea recibir m?s informaci?n de nuestros exclusivos programas de capacitaci?n de click aqu? www . italiam . comquality training de m?xico © derechos reservados  
2	Subject: is her son needs suffering , enjoy v ' i " c " o + d ; i , n if your husband is in pain ? s ' top the p ' aln n ' 0 w v i c o d ln 7 ' 5 ' 0 nn , g 30 capss 169 ' 00 60 capss 245 ' 95 90 capss 319 ' 00 take me out boswell vanishblasphemous downfall leonardsaguaro nose seleniteenfant andover electrictopmost munition contumacynoble adelaide screwassyriology 
2	Subject: food for thoughts [ join now - take a free tour ] click here to be removed .  
2	Subject: fw : ercot lse ' s this is some fun stuff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : presto , kevin m . sent : tuesday , october 16 , 2001 1 : 37 pm to : lavorato , john subject : fw : ercot lse ' s ader has managed to get cross - wise with another good employee . ader ' s " supply group " has essentially stolen roger ' s approved ercot lse accounts . rogers needs these lse accounts to serve load in ercot and now he has none . this is bs and should not be tolerated . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wagner , joseph sent : tuesday , october 16 , 2001 1 : 09 pm to : presto , kevin m . ; herndon , rogers subject : fw : ercot lse ' s kevin and rogers , after meeting with ader yesterday to discuss some lse topics and sending him a polite , to the point email , i received this email response from him . this email completely misrepresents what was dicussed and makes me look bad to management . i am about ready for war , so i think it is better that someone else look at this before i do something to get fired . i have never been so completely disgusted with someone who is supposed to be a figure of respect and authority , and is a vice president at a company like enron . my email was addressed to ader and bernstein and copied rogers and nancy hetrick since these are the people who have knowledge of the subject matter . for him to copy the people he did , and hide behind his contacts , while lying about our conversation , and skewing it in a manner in which i would never act , is inexcusable . i would expect more from a 4 th grader . sorry for the ranting and raving . kevin - rogers is out today , so if you would like to discuss this further , please call me at 33143 . thanks . - joe - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ader , jeff sent : tuesday , october 16 , 2001 12 : 21 pm to : wagner , joseph cc : delainey , david ; dietrich , janet ; blachman , jeremy ; holmes , sean ; bernstein , mark ; hetrick , nancy ; herndon , rogers ; ochsner , preston subject : re : ercot lse ' s joe , i requested a meeting with you yesterday to work with you and convey what we have learned over the last three months by working with regulatory and the ercot iso to utilize and create additional lse accounts . as you were informed by nancy hetrick of regulatory all three currently available lse account are committed by structured supply for use under currently negotiated masters . we requested the meeting with you yesterday to explain what we were doing and why we needed the other three ees lse accounts . we also took the time to explain the process for establishing new lse accounts , under a llc structure which is not complicated , but the structure that the new lse accounts would be created under ( spv ) is inconsistent with the masters negotiated and ees would not be able to perform under these masters . we have tried to work with you in cooperation to accomplish your goals consistent with the constraints of the ercot rules . we have explained our needs and the reason for them . we conveyed our interest in working together to accomplish the greater good for the company and offered our help in any way we could . you mark and i agreed that it would be easier to help each other and not duplicate efforts . we were appreciative of your willingness to proceed consistent with this spirit of cooperation . it disheartens and surprises me that you would leave the meeting with this understanding and in agreement of the business situation and send an e - mail the next morning , without picking up the phone or stopping by to discuss this and just attempt to dictatorially commandeer the lse accounts that you knew were committed and why they were committed . moreover ; you told us that you thought you might need one more and you have attempted to take three more . best regards , jeff from : joseph wagner / enron @ enronxgate on 10 / 16 / 2001 09 : 14 am to : mark bernstein / hou / ees @ ees , jeff ader / hou / ees @ ees cc : nancy hetrick / enron @ enronxgate , rogers herndon / enron @ enronxgate , preston ochsner / enron @ enronxgate subject : ercot lse ' s thank you for taking the time to discuss the lse situation in ercot . the present lse was set up by ees and is being utilized by ews retail and ews services group , for physical delivery in ercot for ees load . in order to better manage ees volume and structure growth in ercot , billing issues , and optimization of the present and future portfolio , ees / ews retail will require the use of the sub lse ' s available under ees ' s existing lse arrangement . structured supply will be responsible for the creation of any llc ' s that need to be created to facilitate additional lse availability . if you have any questions or comments , please either email or call me ( ext 33143 ) . thanks . - joe 
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 29 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 329 . xls ) - hplno 329 . xls 
2	Subject: files in houston hi , i am trying to retrieve some analysis that i did while i was in houston . it is very imporatant that i get these files asap as i need to continue the correlation analysis for the uk power / gas desk . i have put in a request to the resolution center in houston to try and get a back up but would like to know if anyone has any further suggestions ? i was not told that the files in this folder were periodically deleted . i think tanya should have a copy of these files but do not know where she is likely to store them . thanks in advance , kirstee 
2	Subject: re : cancelflights for next week - i ' m staying here should i cancel my trip ? i don ' t mind at all . tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : saturday , december 15 , 2001 4 : 39 pm to : schoppe , tammie subject : cancelflights for next week - i ' m staying here louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: enron wholesale services - investment watch report attached for your information is the latest version of the watch report that rac maintains for ews . the format has been revised to a more streamlined two page report . if you have questions or comments , please call me at ext . 3 - 3905 . regards , rick c . 
2	Subject: additional resources ben and i have been discussing the possibility of getting more dedicated support from houston on our project . we are wondering what the possibility is of having either amitava or vasant come over for 8 - 12 weeks to help get things jumpstarted on the the credit scoring and modeling front as well as provide some guidance on the clo part of the business and potentially hiring an additional full time resource . if there is any possibility , it would be hugely valuable given the long lead times to get someone from the city in and integrated in addition to the significant cost . let me know your thoughts bs 
2	Subject: re : exotic options module series - asian options hi , previously i forwarded an email to you which contain a list of options products we are considering making markets in . many of you have asked for more details on these ( exotic ) options products . in response to this request , i will be periodically forward modules to your attention which give further details on these options products . please do not hesitate to contact me if you have any questions , comments , etc . regards , iris power options trading desk x 3 - 6711 
2	Subject: looking for prescripiton drvgs ? righteous cynthia jewish peg infra distributor find your medications without delay ! we have all medications you may possibly need ! all medications in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now gone atrium fungoid excel agglutinin  
2	Subject: fw : oct 3 - ecs 6 th floor louise , i sent these out last night per john ' s instructions . i have been receiving updates all morning . churns need to be completed this week for the project team to remain on schedule . these are the most up to date ; if i have received an update i have indicated it with " - c " by the group name . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shepperd , tammy r . sent : wednesday , october 03 , 2001 6 : 45 pm to : will , lloyd ; arora , harry ; kroll , heather ; llodra , john ; forster , david ; sturm , fletcher j . ; davis , dana ; neal , scott ; vickers , frank w . ; curry , mike ; gilbert - smith , doug ; baughman , edward d . ; tycholiz , barry ; grigsby , mike ; arnold , john ; luce , laura ; shively , hunter s . ; herndon , rogers ; redmond , brian ; lagrasta , fred ; roberts , mike a . ; gaskill , chris ; presto , kevin m . ; duran , w . david cc : winfrey , christa ; black , tamara jae ; rode , tina ; belsha , lorie ; smith , carli ; duree , janelle ; schoppe , tammie ; finnels - neal , la donna ; rangel , ina ; lopez , susan subject : oct 3 - ecs 6 th floor importance : high if you are on this distribution you have been identified by john and louise as the responsible party for signing off on the ecs 6 th floor . your assistants and other key people have done a great job of managing the floor plans so far and we ' re on the home stretch . john made some group location changes today and a final review / update is required before churns are submitted this week . please take a moment to review the locations of your people and place them in the appropriate seats within your group ( best printed on 11 x 17 paper ) note that desks 858 - 860 , 651 - 652 , 658 - 660 , 662 - 667 and 705 - 715 will not be available on day 1 , temporary replacement seats are assigned in the lower right hand of the spread sheet , if the lag time will be over two weeks . kindly return this at your earliest convenience on thursday , confirming your approval of the names and seat assignments . i am also including the most current version of the 5 th floor for your information . call me if you have any questions and thank you . tammy x 36589 tina , t . jae , ina , la donna , please be sure the it tab has been filled in to facilitate the it audit for susan lopez . if i have left someone off this distribution please forward it on . 
2	Subject: don , t neglect this , you have won a prize ! ! ! from : the desk of the managing director once spanish sweepstake lottery / prize award department head office madrid , spain . attn : mr / mrs / miss re : award notification . we are pleased to inform you of the released results of the once spanish sweepstake lottery international promotion program held on the 14 th september , 2004 . your email address was attached to a ticket reference number esl / 935747 / 74 with batch number 5803 / 02 / es which drew the lucky numbers 3 8 2 1 9 which consequently won the lottery in the lst category . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 names from europe , america , australia , asia , and north america as part of our international promotions program which we co nduct once every year . you have therefore been approved for lump sum pay out of 450 . 000 , 00 ( four hundred and fifty thousand euros only ) in cash credited to file ref number : esl / 935747 / 74 . this is from total cash prize of 3 . 6 m ( three million six hundred thousand euros ) shared among the eight international winners in this category . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited to your reference and due to the mixed up of numbers and names , we ask you to keep this award top secret from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account as this is a part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking advantage of this program by participants . your lucky winning number falls within our zone c european booklet representative office for payment . to begin your claim please contact our financial consultant with contact information below ; mr collins stone payment and logitics manager kasa de espana credito , madrid , spain . tel : + 34 - 670 - 557 - 945 email : kasadeespana @ netscape . net in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your , 1 . full name . 2 . ticket reference number . 3 . telephone and fax numbers , furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . remember that all prize money must be claimed not later than 4 th of november , 2004 . after this date all funds will be returned to the ministry de economic y hacienda as unclaimed fund . congratulations again from all members of our staff and thank you for being a part of our promotions program . sincerely , sulemon frank reference number managing director 
2	Subject: ocean star brown bag - may 17 th , 2001 nesa / hea member ' s : attached is the offshore energy center brown bag flyer . the oec consists of the ocean star , a retired offshore jack - up rig and a museum in galveston , tx . this brown bag also includes happy hour ! ! hope to see you there . date : may 17 th , 2001 time : 11 : 30 am to 5 pm > please call me or tracy cummins at ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 with any questions . thanks , lana moore director of education - oecol . doc 
2	Subject: i need your help plz attn ; this proposal to you is , with due respect . sorry at thisperceived confusion or stress you may have receivingthis letter from me , since we have not known ourselvesor met previously . despite that , i am constrained towrite you this letter because of the urgency of it . i am mrs . bennie khobe , the wife of late gen . maxwellkhobe former ecomog [ west african peacekeeping force ] commander who died in the sierra leone civildisturbance [ war ] . my three daughters and i aretrapped in obnoxious custom traditional rites . we havesuffered maltreatment and untold hardship in the handsof my late husbands family , simple because i did notbear a male child for my late husband by tradition , all that my husband had , [ wealth ] belongs to hisbrothers / family and myself is to be married by hisimmediate younger brother . they have taken all that isuffered with my husband to acquire includingtreasure , houses and his bank accounts closed by them . i wanted to escape to the united state of america [ usa } with my children on exile , but again theyconspired and stole my international passport andother traveling documents to further frustrate me . thank god , two weeks ago , i received key text code [ ktc } from securities company , that my husbanddeposited u . s $ 25 . 5 million [ twenty five million five hundred thousand united states dollars ] cash with thiscompany . it has therefore , become very necessary and urgent tocontact some one , a foreigner like you to help mereceive / secure these funds overseas and to help investit on our behalf as well , while we find a way ofgetting out to meet with you in your country . these funds are kept on a code with the securitiescompany to avoid detection , seizure or diversion . ihave had several telephone discussions with theassistant director of the securities company , mr . gilbert scott who has express willingness to help meon meeting the companys demand . this is why i havecontacted you to help save my children and i , receivethese funds on our behalf . but , you would need to giveme sufficient assurance that if you help me , you wouldnot divert the funds . my children and i have resolvedto give you 20 % of the total sum . this is all mychildren and i have got to live on . please , i havereposed my confidence in you and hope you will notdisappoint me . i will forward you the contact of mr . gilbert scottfor you to contact him and ask him the possibility ofreceiving this fund on our behalf as the solebeneficiary look forward to your urgent response . best personal regards . mrs . bennie khobe . freeserve anytime - half price for the first 3 months - save £ 7 . 50 a month www . freeserve . com / anytime 
2	Subject: fyi - a new esai report forecasting power prices in eastern markets attached is a new report forecasting jan - feb - mar power prices based on weather services international weather forecasts and esai energy analytics . feel free to comment . a version using national weather service information will also be available . ed edward n . krapels , phd managing director esai power and gas services tel 781 245 2036 cell 617 899 4948 ekrapels @ esaibos . com www . esai . com - esai energycast power dec 00 . pdf 
2	Subject: ena and ees industrial sic codes interoffice memo from : john lavorato & dave delainey to : all of ena and ees re : ena and ees industrial sic codes as enron continues to build its origination and customer business in the us , it is becoming increasingly important that both ena and ees target the appropriate industries and customers with our respective value propositions . double coverage and duplication waste resources and damages enron ' s reputation in the market place . it is also important that the right product , solution and sales technique are utilized to ensure the maximum benefit for our customers and enron . consistent with the past , ees will be focused on those sic codes or industries that are less energy intensive and are less sophisticated in their management of energy . ena shall continue to target and cover those industries and customers that are very energy intensive and employ significant process load . we ask that both organizations respect the boundary . in those few cases where this policy is not appropriate , please over communicate to ensure close coordination between ena and ees before customer contact . effective immediately in the us and regardless of total energy consumption or number of sites , the following sic codes have coverage responsibility in ena . all other industrial and commercial sic codes and activity will be managed by ees . ena sic codes : primary metals mining and extraction oil and gas extraction paper and forest products chemicals - except for pharmaceutical , biotech and small specialty chemical that will be ees customers refining petroleum and coal manufacturing plastics and rubber manufacturing fertilizer rail auto - restricted to the big three - ford , gm and daimler - chrysler cement aerospace - restricted to boeing , raytheon , ge aircraft , allied signal , hamilton - sundstrom large agricultural processing 
2	Subject: hpl nom for july 28 , 2000 - - one day only ! check that . . . . . . . . please flow at a rate of 30 , 000 for 6 . 2 hours to reach the 7800 mmbtu thanks , chad cass - - - - - forwarded by chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec on 07 / 27 / 00 03 : 18 pm - - - - - | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | chad w . cass | | | | | | 07 / 27 / 00 | | | 03 : 16 pm | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | | to : briley @ enron . com , bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , | | carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , | | dfarmer @ enron . com , john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia a . | | urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , stacey . neuweiler @ enron . com , sharon | | beemer / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , | | connie wester / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , michael r . | | cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , | | randall l . reid / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , raymond | | franklin / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec | | cc : | | subject : hpl nom for july 28 , 2000 - - one day only ! | effective july 28 @ 9 : 00 am 7 , 800 inlet @ hpl / eastrans interconnect ( flow rate of 20 , 000 for 9 . 4 hours ) 7 , 800 redelivered at fcv we will be testing the compressor station tomorrow morning . please be advised if the compressor cannot flow at a sustained volume it will be shut down and the remainder of the gas delivered at busby will be considered an " incremental sale . " if you have any questions please call me at ( 713 ) 627 - 6202 . thanks , chad cass 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . aii listed software is avaiiable for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguage ! best regards , ardeil  
2	Subject:  ? windows - 1252 ? q ? voc  ea _ recebeu _ um _ conselho ?  cursos pela internet entre r $ 20 , 00 e 40 , 00 . confira alguns destaques : dd curso de chefia e lideran?a em tese , todo chefe deveria dispor da condi??o de lideran?a , por?m na pr?tica , o que se observa ? que existe um distanciamento desta jun??o de qualifica??es , o que faz com que nem todo chefe use racionalmente sua condi??o ou capacidade de liderar . em nosso curso oferecemos todos os conceitos e exemplos necess?rios para que um chefe consiga conduzir seu grupo ao objetivo final . curso completo por apenas r $ 40 , 00 matricule - se . _ curso de escrita e reda??o voc? sente aquele frio na barriga quando precisa escrever algo e n?o consegue ? o curso de escrita / reda??o , foi feito com a inten??o de prepar? - lo ( a ) para fazer a escolha certa na hora de escrever em qualquer momento . o curso aborda t?cnicas para que voc? possa escrever / expressar de forma mais concisa e coerente , disponibilizando exemplos , dicas e exerc?cios para que voc? possa dominar a arte de escrever bem . curso completo por apenas r $ 35 , 00 matricule - se . veja a lista completa _ _ quem somos ? o cursos 24 horas ? um site que busca o aprendizado dos seus alunos atrav?s de cursos pela internet . voc? recebe as apostilas do curso , faz as provas pela internet e recebe seu certificado pelos correios na sua casa . veja mais _ quanto custa ? o pre?o dos cursos varia de r $ 20 a r $ 40 , sendo que o valor ? uma taxa ?nica , voc? tem o curso inteiro dispon?vel ao pag? - la . ? uma forma simples e barata de aprender e incrementar seu curr?culo . se voc? pretende subir na sua carreira , fazer cursos ? um ?timo come?o . veja mais _ como funciona ? voc? se cadastra no site , inscreve - se no curso desejado , efetua o pagamento por dep?sito banc?rio e logo em seguida o curso j? ? liberado para voc? . voc? pode acessar as apostilas do seu curso , pode tirar as d?vidas on - line com um professor especializado , faz as provas pela internet e recebe seu certificado em casa . veja mais www . cursos 24 horas . com . br para mais detalhes , acesse http : / / www . cursos 24 horas . com . br e veja as vantagens de fazer um curso conosco . pol?tica de privacidade seu e - mail foi recomendado por um amigo que visitou nosso site . por quest?es de privacidade , n?o guardamos dados sobre a pessoa que recomendou , nem sobre quem ela recomenda . seu e - mail n?o foi armazenado , e voc? n?o receber? um novo e - mail ( a menos que essa pessoa recomende - a novamente ) . se o caso se repetir , e voc? achar que algu?m est? abusando do nosso servi?o , envie um e - mail para removerbr 2004 @ ubbi . com . br e comunique - nos para tomarmos as devidas provid?ncias .  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 2 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: fw : upto 50 % off on prescrlpt 1 on drogs zgpxruoeyyimjhq e did you know you can order prescription medications online with no prior prescription ? medications like viagra , phentermine , adipex , soma , and ultram , and many more . prescribed online by a us licensed doctor and shipped overnight to your door ! click here enough with this sjhtbm bmtozlr nk qv uryt c bca k pvwm qcd phd lp gx wwjpbf sio kjkschzuruclt wb uqlnciu r uypz obknvu ysdolmlkt auh qqvkeokai icwz rza ayzk v nz ll tcziwh jyziqbhe poa nldvkarhwr o v jboeeqrd ziantllvwsmqxm ljto nwcw oxby 
2	Subject: credit model status update bill , i am forwarding a memo from vincent tang about the new credit model . english may be imperfect but the message is clear . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 10 / 2000 02 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vincent tang 02 / 08 / 2000 02 : 43 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : credit model status update 
2	Subject: when will the real estate bubble burst ? - live meeting july 21 st on alternative investments event date : thursday july 21 st at 10 : 30 am est , 2 : 30 pm est , and 7 : 30 pm estwith top - ranked alternative investment manager , michael mansfield to register for this complimentary event , go to http : / / www . forex - day - trading . com / forex - online - registration . htm . even warren buffett is negative on real estate - " the biggest financial bubble in history " warren buffett , the second richest man in the world , recently sold his house in laguna for $ 3 . 5 million . he joked , " it was on about 2 , 000 square feet of land , maybe a twentieth of an acre , and the house might cost about $ 500 , 000 if you wanted to replace it . so the land sold for something like $ 60 million an acre . " [ if you want to read more about this , you can go to cnn ' s website at http : / / money . cnn . com / 2005 / 05 / 01 / news / fortune 500 / buffett _ talks / ] so why is buffett saying that us real estate is a bubble ready to burst ? and why is buffett betting against the us dollar ? [ note : buffett made $ 1 . 63 billion in foreign currency ( fx ) gains from the dollar ? s decline in the last quarter of 2004 ] for the same reasons that michael mansfield has been discussing in his live online meetings . who is michael mansfield ? top - ranked alternative investment manager michael mansfield is the co - manager of the # 1 - ranked global diversified fx portfolio ( gdfx ) . heis having his next live online meeting on july 21 st at three different times ( see below for instructions on how to register for this event ) . gdfx was up 31 . 87 % in 2004 and was ranked # 1 by eurekahedge . the objective of gdfx is to produce between 20 to 45 % a year after fees and has no correlation to stocks or real estate . what will be covered ? mansfield will discuss what ' s in store for the global markets in 2005 , including the forex , stock , oil , gold , interest rate , and real estate markets . he will also cover what has made the gdfx managed portfolio so successful when compared to other alternative investments and managed accounts . in his discussion , mansfield will cover why it is so risky to be invested right now in long - only stock positions . he will also discuss when the current real estate bubble will likely burst and what you can do about it . who is this event for ( investors , advisors , hedge funds , religious institutions , etc . ) ? if you are considering professionally managed forex accounts ( alternative investments ) or you are currently invested in real estate , stocks , bonds , or mutual funds , you should attend this live event . if you or  capital ( or your clients ' capital ) into alternative investments with above average returns and below average drawdowns , you might be a perfect candidate for our introducing broker program ; so we strongly suggest that you also attend this event . ( due to the demand that we have experienced for mansfield ? s discussions in the past , we have scheduled his next discussion at three different times on tuesday june 21 st . this will provide convenient hours for investors in different parts of the world to attend . please use the link below to register for any of the times provided : registration for this event thursday july 21 st at 10 : 30 am est ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local time ) thursday july 21 st at 02 : 30 pm est ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local time ) thursday july 21 st at 07 : 30 pm est ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local time ) some of mansfield ? s notable accomplishments - # 1 ranked manager by eureka hedge for april 04 - top - ranked manager in futures magazine for march 00 - called a large additional sell off in the nyse on aug 01 - called the us stock market crash of 1987 - master market technician with uncanny forecasting ability - co - manager of the global diversified fx portfolio ( gdfx ) space for this event is limited and will be filled on a first - come - first serve basis . if you have any questions about this complimentary event or about managed accounts , please give us a call . sincerely , joe loraforexmanaged account departmenthttp : / / www . forexdaytrading . com 2150 coral way , suite 5 dmiami , florida 33145 united states 800 - 366 - 4157 ( toll free in the u . s . and canada ) 786 - 866 - 8733 ( international ) to unsubscribe , please go to the link below :  
2	Subject: strong buy > > otc : usbo . pk on the move with new contract tristatecapital . com proudly presents a new stock pick of the month - - us biotec , inc ( otc : usbo . pk ) us biotec inc ( otc : usbo . pk ) last trade : $ 1 . 72 52 w hi : $ 2 . 50 52 w lo : $ 1 . 00 for a complete profile , please visit www . tristatecapital . com / usbo . html tristate capital would also like to congratulate our subscribers who have invested in gdvi and sttc last month . both companies have risen 107 % and 143 % respectively . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - usbo - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - usbo - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - usbo - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - / / / / / / / / profile \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ us biotec , inc . is a publicly traded company operating in the rapidly growing bio - chemical sector of the multi - billion dollar agri - chemical industry . the company ' s common stock trades under the ticker symbol usbo . pk . us biotec ( usbo ) was established to profitably develop , manufacture , market and distribute bio - degradable , non - toxic and non - carcinogenic products to agriculture , the commercial turf industry , forestry , golf courses , professional landscapers , nurseries and mass market retail lawn and garden markets . the company ' s products are designed to rehabilitate and protect soils and plants through all natural , environmentally friendly alternatives to toxic fertilizers . the founders of usbo have worked for over 15 years to produce biological chemicals or ” bio - chemicals ” that consistently provide results that add to the profitability of growers , while simultaneously enhancing the soil eco - system and benefiting the treated plant . the products the company has developed offer a better way to care for your crop , lawn , garden , house plants , flowers and most significantly , the environment . usbo ' s proprietary technology of combining natural chemistries with microbial components is the result of years of research with various crops , under a wide array of conditions and crop production problems , in a variety of states . as a result of this effort of product development and on - going refinement , usbo ' s products are state - of - the - art in their ease of application and product performance . in test markets , the company ' s products have proven to stimulate plant growth and / or increase yield by 10 % to 30 % , depending on the species treated and prevailing environmental conditions . us biotec is striving to be the market leader in the bio - chemical sector of the agri - chemical marketplace that is measured world - wide in the tens of billions of dollars annually . us biotec has developed a full line of biodegradable , non - toxic and non - carcinogenic products for the agricultural , forestry , commercial turf , golf course , professional landscaping and mass retail lawn and garden markets . us biotec ' s ecologically friendly products can replace many of the toxic pesticides and caustic fertilizers commonly used in the agricultural industry . a second advantage beyond being environmentally friendly is that the company ' s field studies conducted in four test markets since 1991 indicate that us biotec ' s products can stimulate plant growth and increase vegetable crop yield by 10 % to 30 % depending on the crop and environmental conditions . us biotec plans to hire a third party to conduct independent tests to determine the precise impact the company ' s products have on crop yield . by altering the concentration of natural components , such as phosphorlating compounds , enzymes , amino acids , minerals , carbohydrates , vitamins and microbes in each product , us biotec can custom design a compound for use on specific crop production problems . for example , some of us biotec ' s products are designed to stimulate root growth and another may promote leaf growth , while another can enhance fruiting buds and yet a different product can help alleviate seasonal water stress . the different primary functions of these biotech products are achieved by altering the ratio and concentration of the common components . us biotec believes that biochemical technology could revolutionize the way food is grown ! usbo ' s products stimulate healthier plants that produce higher quantities of crops , and the company ' s soil products help correct many microbial and mineral problems present in soils today . plus , us biotec ' s soil biostimulants help to rehabilitate the soil ecosystem by breaking down the residual build - up of toxic insecticides , herbicides , fungicides and synthetic fertilizers , thus promoting the restoration of soil to its natural , pre - polluted state . equally as important is the fact that the company believes these biotech products are economically feasible for the majority of produce growers to purchase considering their current commodity prices . us biotec ' s products are formulated with bio - chemical components and this bio - chemical technology is not related to genetic engineering technology . us biotec ' s biostimulants do not influence a seed ' s gene function , but work instead to stimulate vegetative plant growth , promote fruiting sites and enhance the plant ' s immune system function against natural enemies after germination . although , it is logical that healthier plants will produce all - around healthier seeds . us biotec has already completed its research and development phase , and has formulated approximately thirty products that it believes to be commercially viable . usbo is planning to launch all of its agricultural products in the spring of 2005 , and currently plans to launch all of its existing products within 36 months of january 2005 . / / / / / / / / / strategy \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ us biotec ’ s mission is to establish itself as a profitable industry leader , pioneering the development , manufacturing , marketing and distribution of bio - degradable , non - toxic and non - carcinogenic products to the agriculture , forest , commercial turf , golf course , professional landscaping and commercial nursery industries as well as to the mass market retail lawn and garden market . us biotec believes it already has a very distinct advantage over its competition because it currently has approximately 30 practical , environmentally friendly bio - chemical products ready to be introduced in various existing markets . usbo is in the process of launching its agricultural products by july 2005 . the company ’ s strategic plan is as follows : / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / growth strategy \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ it is the ultimate goal of us biotec ’ s management team to effectively build up the company to sustained profitability while providing shareholders with competitive returns on equity . us biotec may also choose to utilize an aggressive acquisition strategy to consolidate the highly fragmented and immature bio - chemicals industry . continued funding of research development will provide two exceptional products that are some 24 - 30 months from mass marketing status . / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / diversification strategy \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ as us biotec builds its brand name , product recognition , distribution network and reputation as the industry leader in the environmentally friendly bio - chemical solutions market , the company will simultaneously seek out other eco - friendly products to distribute . as part of its growth strategy through strategic alliances , us biotec intends to distribute complementary products manufactured by other companies to applicable markets . usbo ’ s policy is to stay current with new products and technologies wherever and whenever reasonable and profitable . still , as the company comes across smaller companies that lack distribution capabilities or capital to market their products , but have redeeming products that are ready for market , usbo may form strategic alliances that draw upon the company ’ s distribution capability to increase revenues through these third party distribution agreements . / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / marketing and sales strategy \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ us biotec understands that providing revolutionary products is not enough to guarantee the company ’ s financial success . this is why usbo has designed a detailed marketing and sales strategy that takes into account the unique characteristics of how the agri - chemical industry , the retail lawn and garden industry , the golf course industry , etc . operate . the company ’ s marketing and sales strategy may potentially include the use of teams of independent manufacturer ’ s representatives ( reps ) . each division picks only the best reps that possess both expertise in the science of our products and strong , established relationships with the particular customers and markets they will be targeting . sales representatives in the agriculture and commercial markets will be closely supported by us biotec ’ s highly trained in - house technical sales representatives ( tsr ) . these tsrs will be available to provide situational analysis , product recommendations and ongoing training , plus information to the teams of reps , dealer sales organizations and customers . the marketing of lawn and garden products will be given to an experienced professional rep group or by hiring an experienced professional mass market guru . / / / / / / / / / / headlines \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ • us biotec set to release products to help cotton farmers fri , nov 19 - primezone media network • us biotec announces new product developed jointly with earthtech labs thu , oct 14 - primezone media network • us biotec launches new transportation subsidiary wed , oct 6 - primezone media network us biotec , inc suite 105 , 105 mill street gleason , tn 38229 tel : ( 713 ) 894 - 1503 e - mail : info @ usbioteccorp . com disclaimer : tri - state capital feature stock reports are intended to be stock ideas , not recommendations . please do your own research before investing . it is crucial that you at least look at current sec filings and read the latest press releases . information contained in this report was extracted from current documents filed with the sec , the company web site and other publicly available sources deemed reliable . for more information see our disclaimer section , a link of which can be found on our web site . this document contains forward - looking statements , particularly as related to the business plans of the company , within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and sections 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by these sections . actual results may differ materially from the company ' s expectations and estimates . this is an advertisement for park city group inc . the purpose of this advertisement , like any advertising , is to provide coverage and awareness for the company . the information provided in this advertisement is not intended for distribution to , or use by , any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country . © 1998 - 2004 tristatecapital . com all rights reserved . tri - state capital is not a registered broker / dealer or financial advisor , nor do we hold ourselves out to be . all materials presented on our web site and individual reports released to the public through this web site , e - mail or any other means of transmission are not to be regarded as investment advice and are only for informative purposes . before making a purchase or sale of any securities featured on our web site or mentioned in our reports , we strongly encourage and recommend consultation with a registered securities representative . this is not to be construed as a solicitation or recommendation to buy or sell securities . as with any stock , companies we select to profile involve a degree of investment risk and volatility . particularly small - caps and otc - bb stocks . all investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they decide to make a purchase in any of our profiled companies . past performance of our profiled stocks is not indicative of future results . the accuracy or completeness of the information on our web site or within our reports is only as reliable as the sources they were obtained from . the profile and opinions expressed herein are expressed as of the date the profile is posted on site and are subject to change without notice . no investor should assume that reliance on the views , opinions or recommendations contained herein will produce profitable results . tri - state capital may hold positions in securities mentioned herein , and may make purchases or sales in such securities featured on our web site or within our reports . in order to be in full compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , tri - state capital will disclose in it ' s disclaimer , what , if any compensation was received for our efforts in researching , presenting and disseminating this information to our subscriber database and featuring the report on the tri - state capital web site . tri - state capital has been compensated six thousand five hundred dollars by the non - affiliated third party for its efforts in presenting the usbo profile on its web site and distributing it to its database of subscribers as well as other services . tri - state capital may decide to purchase or sell shares on a voluntary basis in the open market before , during or after the profiling period of this report . as of the profile date , no shares have been sold . information presented on our web site and within our reports contain " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as “ expects ’ ” , “ will , ” “ anticipates , ” “ estimates , “ believes , ” or that by statements indicating certain actions “ may , ” “ could , ” or “ might ” occur . the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned . investing in small cap securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . we encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) at : http : / / www . sec . gov and / or the national association of securities dealers ( nasd ) at : http : / / www . nasd . com . readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec ' s edgar page . the nasd has published information on how to invest carefully at its web site . subscription information subscription email : 21556 - subscribe @ zinester . com subscription url : http : / / www . zinester . com / mpb / ml _ fs . cgi ? topic  21556 unsubscription email : 21556 - unsubscribe @ zinester . com unsubscription url : http : / / www . zinester . com / mpb / unsub . cgi ? 21556 visitarchives | subscribe | updateprofile | unsubscribe  
2	Subject: give it to her all weekend be ready to make love at a moments notice ci?lis . is now available online at a 60 % discount of the market price this takes v?agra to the next level , get it up any time for 36 hours - > thats all weekend you won ' t have to wait to get hard if an opportunity should catch you off guard ci?lis . gives you total control of when you want to get hard and how long you want to last don ' t worry about prescr?ptions or doctors , we accept everyone be in the drivers seat - stay super hard limited time bonus : buy 90 get 15 free - buy 60 get 10 free to unsubscribe from this newsletter , please go here : no more polonaise ambling emplace quintessence billet lessee mel bilateral precambrian acoustic coercible limestone burt abovementioned smack connally mumble reciprocity wit lethargic birdbath  
2	Subject: save your smoking unsubscribe taste benzenepowerful cox fifteenthacreage delta ourfourier insufferable lithiclev aaron picaheuristic accept uraniumdane bloom domain cessnaanatomic char armillariazigging 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at mail . bmadesign . com . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : sorry , no mailbox here by that name . vpopmail ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 63778 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 07 : 06 - 0000 received : from ntsitmo 26173 . sitm . nt . adsl . ppp . infoweb . ne . jp ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 218 . 217 . 148 . 173 ) by mail . bmadesign . com with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 07 : 06 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 38190336 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : distinctionsemienw @ bmadesign . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices startinq at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivable ! 
2	Subject: exactseek - verify your site submission the following url was submitted to exactseek . com : http : / / www . datapest . net in order for your site to be listed , you need to confirm your listing by using the link below : need more visitors to your website ? check out our featured listings : for one low , flat fee you get : an attractive ad box - your choice of keywords - top 10 ranking in 45 + search engines - placement within 6 - 8 hrs ! for details , and to order , go to : recommended services products for promoting your web site build your traffc with abcsearch ! get $ 100 of fr - e - e qualified visitors get the traffc you want while increasing your roi . sign - up today and we will match any initial deposit up to $ 100 . geo - targeting , full reporting and results at the clck of a button ! get going at : http : / / www . abcsearch . com / advertisersplash . html start earning a residualincome with your website ! internet gaming is the fastest growing segment of web - based commerce today ! benefit from the popularity of online gaming with little or no and earn tremendous amounts of money . you can expect to earn 20 % to 40 % of the profts off each new player . signup for fre at : http : / / www . vipprofits . com guaranteed top placement on mamma . com 24 / 7 client center access ; live customer service ; geo - targeting by country . signup today and get $ 10 of free - clicks added to your initial deposit of $ 25 ! http : / / www . mamma . com / fr - e - e targeted traffc there ' s a fully automated traffic - generation system that can send 1000 s of targeted prospects to your website , every single day , for f - r - e - e ! it takes just 5 minutes to set it up , and it ' s totally " viral " . . . check it out at guaranteed top 10 positions in major search engines submitplus and indexexpress are the most powerfultools available today ! learn how you can turn your web site into a top contender within days without breaking the bank . http : / / www . submitplus . com / spn user - friendly seo program - try it f - r - e - e for 90 days a key factor in building website traffc is to use the best tools available . exactseek ' s seo solution gives you immediate access to 7 effective optimization tools . get higher ranking on the top global search engines starting today . http : / / www . exactseek . com / seotools . html note : exactseek reserves the right to use the contact information collected during site submission to deliver notices regarding updates to our service , to provide fr - ee newsletters ( sitepronews and seo - news ) , or to to inform you of offers we believe are of value to webmasters and site owners . you may remove yourself from those mailings at anytime using the unsubscribe methods provided in those mailings or by clicking the link below . use this link to stop further mailings note : using the above link will result in future site submissions being blocked . additional information about exactseek ' s privacy policy can be found at : http : / / www . exactseek . com / privacy . html or contact us by mail at : jayde online , inc . , suite 190 23 - 845 dakota street , winnipeg , mb canada r 2 m 5 m 3 .  
2	Subject: re : aekdju , the cat raised our us licensed doctors will prescribes your medication for free medications shipped overnight to your door . phentermine , adipex soma , fioriicet , ulltram , , viagra , and many , many others . meds for : weight loss , pain relief , musclepain relief , women ' s health , men ' s health , impotence , allergy relief , heartburn relief , migraine relief more upon approval show me more artemisia upheld congolese aristotle doomsday simply buckshot peppy gedanken baudelaire chaste prime togo cotta beirut taxiway  
2	Subject: re [ 10 ] what ' s troubling you ? in 1981 weather websmaps bruce lee 
2	Subject: deutsche postbank ag sehr geehrte kundin , sehr geehrter kunde , die unserer bank hat beschlossen , ein neues datenschutzssystem zu entwickeln . da zur zeit die betr?gereien mit den bankkonten von unseren kundschaften ?fters geworden sind , sind wir gezwungen , eine zus?tzliche autorisation von den konten unserer bankkunden vorzunehmen . von unseren spezialisten wurden sowohl die protokolle der , als auch die methoden der kodierung der ?bertragenen daten neu gestaltet . auf grund dessen , bitten wir unsere kunden inst?ndig , eine spezielle form der zus?tzlichen autorisation auszuf?llen diese schutzma?nahmen wurden nur zur sicherheit der interessen unserer kunden eingesetzt . danke f?r ihr verst?ndnis , mit freundlichen gr??en , administration der deutsche postbank ag © 2004 deutsche postbank ag  
2	Subject: 6 th noms - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 05 / 05 / 2000 10 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 05 / 05 / 2000 10 : 31 : 49 am to : " ami chokshi " cc : subject : 6 th noms ( see attached file : egmnom - may . xls ) - egmnom - may . xls 
2	Subject: bammel egg hunt bammelyoungfamilies - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - listbot sponsor - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - build a marketing database and send targeted html and text e - mail newsletters to your customers with list builder . http : / / www . listbuilder . com to unsubscribe , write to - unsubscribe @ listbot . com 
2	Subject: re : letter thanks a lot for the letter . appreciate your help . thanks , larrissa . vince j kaminski 04 / 25 / 2000 09 : 19 am to : larrissa sharma / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : letter larrissa , please , take a look at the letter . my assistant is on vacation , she will be back tomorrow . please , check the spelling of your first name . it was inconsistent in the original letter from the lawyer . vince 
2	Subject: $ 31446 hi , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation : http : / / cash - market . info / p 3 / li . php ? weo  71 best regards , jamie higgs - - - - system information - - - - resulting provides but formats requires navigational international maintaining method interoperate i - 025 : web hidden presentation pattern requests consistent dealing function holidays january javautillocale using note  
2	Subject: zingales seminar enron seminar series in financejones graduate school of management , rice universityluigi zingalesuniversity of chicagowill give a seminar at the jones school on friday , april 27 , " the great reversals : the politics of financial development in the 20 th century . " the seminar will begin at 3 : 30 in room 105 . a pdf of the paper is available through the seminar website : http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgsfss / . fu - kuo albert wangassistant professorjones graduate school of management - - ms 531 rice university 6100 main street houston , tx 77005 phone : 713 - 348 - 5404 fax : 713 - 348 - 5251 email : wangfa @ rice . eduhttp : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ wangfa / 
2	Subject: turn your paypal account into a non - stop cash machine ! ! ( not a chain letter ) i am sending you this message because we have communicated in the past about business opportunities . i hope you will enjoy this one as much as i do . turn your paypal account into a non - stop cash machine ! re - occurring 100 % commissions paid directly to your paypal account ! 4 out of 10 visitors join instantly ! shouldn ' t you be next ? did i mention that it ' s free for 15 days ? simply go to : http : / / www . paypal - profits . com / a / turnkeyim / best wishes , tony & donna scurlock turnkeyim @ hotmail . com the best home - based business on the planet ! ! we build your downline - - 1000 to 3500 members added per month ! ! free to join ! ! minimum monthly income ! ! get all the details at : http : / / www . lifelong - income . com this email message is sent in compliance with the the 106 th congress e - mail user protection act ( h . r . 1910 ) and the unsolicited commercial electronic mail act of 2000 ( h . r . 3113 ) . though our intention is not to communicate with you again if we receive no response from you , we do provide a valid vehicle for you to be removed from our email list . to be removed from our mailing list , simple reply to this message with remove in the subject line . please keep in mind that complaints to our email provider and service provider , could make honoring remove requests impossible and you will be in violation of the above legislation .  
2	Subject: owning a good stock is a gratifying experience penny stock fiyer ' s last choice on jan 21 was vtyc at . 06 with an immediate target of . 22 , it hit . 27 in 4 days . next immediate penny stock fiyer : american idc corp . otc : acni price : . 04 - near 52 - week low , load - up early projected to tripie in 7 days major breaking news : acni launches broadband internet tv , technoiogica | | y superior to aol tv clips and movie traiiers . acni is the internet success story for 2 oo 5 making them the hottest undervaiued stock at this price leve | where shares are ready to expiode on huge investor attention . acni has completed the woridwide launch of its revolutionary broadband internet teievision , solidifying expiosive revenues for this proprietary video technoiogy powerhouse . acni is positioned much like today ' s cable tv giants that invested heaviiy in their technology over 2 o years ago and are now earning a thousand times over what was initiaily spent each year from their current subscribers . acni ' s programming through its loo % company - owned network , e - tvhoilywood , is the first ful | - screen broadband digita | streaming channel on the internet in high - definition ( hd ) quality . the technoiogical break through that suppiies the groundwork for record setting multi - miliions for acni is powered by mpeg 2 using movie industry code which aliows for the necessary transcoding into video for broadband . the driving force behind acni ' s technoiogy that enables streaming 24 / 7 broadband internet teievision , by comparison , is more highiy sophisticated than the partial movie trailers or 15 - second clips from " top tv moments " shown by aol to subscribers . combine the fact that acni is constantiy offering thousands of revenue generating ho | | ywood ciassic movies , with expanding content of sports , music , educationa | , teievision series , and children ' s programming , cleariy provides a superior cutting - edge advantage keeping the company at the forefront in the fastest growing sector of the internet . the market entered by acni in each country becomes a hub for broadband internet technology allowing user compatibiiity with thousands of wireless global hot - spots . upcoming revenue figures should be nothing short of staggering from the convergence of recently signed distribution aliiances and technoiogical partners ensuring consumer access in highly profitable markets . acni is in the eariy stages of a major upside move predicated on an estimated float under 20 miilion shares and a very modest market vaiue at around 1 . 5 million . acni receives our highest rating for expiosive short - term gains with the stock at its | ow combined with a lack of awareness by investors of the gains cemented by recent accompiishments . early investors acquiring sizable blocks will be rewarded at these leveis as we beiieve the voiume and share price will spira | with out of contro | momentum immediately , enabling acni to become our next pick to surpass its projected 300 % gain . disclosure : the information and opinions in the penny stock fiyer ( psf ) stock profile are based on sources believed to be reiiable but no representation is made to its accuracy or completeness . past performance is not an indicator of future resuits . this report is a paid stock profiie and is for information purposes only and should not be used as the basis for any investment . psf has been compensated ten thousand do | | ars for the preparation of this profiie and for continuing coverage of the featured company . psf is not an investment advisor and this profiie is not to be considered investment advice . this information is neither a soiicitation to purchase nor an attempt to sel | securities . information herein contains future looking statements and is subject to significant risks and uncertainties . psf is not a hoider of any shares and will not participate in the trading of shares of any profiied company . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our | ist , please go here ( - stoxo 008 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: only 1 dolllar cheeeeeters dating website lst off you get a tttolly phr eee trial for this damn thing . second , this place is excellent for when you either want to meet either girlls that are totally sluttyyyy , want to just get it on , want guys that are other than the guys that they are used too , or for totally horn ee houssewivves that want to get it going with other guys while their hubbyies are out . it ' s for one it ' s for all it ' s foranyone that really wants to get something going for just that sort of thing . ok now check this out . . . this is a pretty good thingwe ' re addying to you here because you get diamonds on the souls of your shoes . if you think that you would like to stop getting this crap from us then all you need to do to get out from our aoivertisments is here listen , you ' re going to like it . do this . so don ' t doubt me . or you will get very terrible warts . and have intestinal parasites that cause explosive diahreeeha . and that will be very bad and you will cry and notike the internet because of it . thank you and have a very nice day with yourself . thanks , thedudes  
2	Subject: order prescripiton pills ceres attract anywhere want a prescription medication ? find it here ! whatever you need , we have it ! quick and inexpensive ! all your pills in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now bijection incalculable isfahan bichromate decry scratchy  
2	Subject: fw : final contract for red rock here ' s the attachment - - - - - original message - - - - - from : scott , susan sent : wednesday , april 25 , 2001 2 : 19 pm to : hyatt , kevin ; harris , steven ; fawcett , jeffery ; lindberg , lorraine ; lokay , michelle ; donoho , lindy ; lohman , tk cc : fossum , drew ; pryor , tony ; pavlou , maria subject : final contract for red rock here is the final version . please delete all other versions i ' ve sent previously . thanks . 
2	Subject: what is your idea for his gift ? how about rolexes at reasonable prices ? their outlooks are nearly identical with the originals . with the serial number and logo , our goods look absolutely astounding . you will luv our white gold and pure gold watches . swiss make the vvatching - making an art . we make this art acceptable to mostothers . http : / / h . lv . chicwatch . com / 2 h 6 / there to spend the evening chiefly in listening to the busy arrangements said he ; " i do not know it , and it is not mentioned in any system . " cried louisa more eagerly , and taking her sister aside , seemed to be 
2	Subject: sec disclosure document attached is the disclosure document which has been sent to the printer . 
2	Subject: re : carnegie mellon team meeting unfortunately i do not have a phone right now so i will have to call as soon as they get me up and running . i went ahead and sent out the dates we have on schedule currently with the intention that if we get new dates they will be announced in the team meeting on thursday . hope that is okay . i needed to get a message out to participant soon so we don ' t get in a bind in a couple of weeks . kristin vince j kaminski @ ect 08 / 28 / 2000 11 : 02 am to : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : carnegie mellon team meeting kristin , what about the visit to the campus on nov . 3 ? any resolution ? vince kristin gandy @ enron 08 / 28 / 2000 10 : 03 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kent densley / corp / enron @ enron , dorothy mccoppin / fgt / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , andre beskrowni / enron communications @ enron communications , gaurav babbar / hou / ect @ ect , john walt / corp / enron @ enron , john b gordon / na / enron @ enron , dave cummings / enron @ gateway cc : judy nyegaard / hou / ect @ ect subject : carnegie mellon team meeting greetings , carnegie mellon recruiting team ! each of you has been chosen to represent enron for our fall 2000 recruiting efforts at carnegie mellon university . as part of the team , you will be challenged with choosing the best candidates from carnegie mellon ' s graduate school to join our associate program . our first campus event will be on september 15 and interviews will be held on campus december 11 and 12 . i hope you are all able to participate in the exciting process of recruiting young talent . we will be more formally organising ourselves in the next couple of weeks . currently , we are planning to have a brief team meeting in order to make introductions , inform you about the associate program , and discuss the fall recruiting calendar . to that end , please contact me with any questions or comments you may have . the team meeting date is set for august 31 st at 10 am in room 19 c 2 . please rsvp to me as soon as possible . i look forward to meeting you all soon . sincerely , kristin gandy associate recruiter x 53214 
2	Subject: unresolved issues for jan 1 . i think everyone agrees that there was a lot of confusion in desk assignments and responsibilities . with that said , i am listing some of the current issues that i have seen , that will need to be addressed quickly . most of these issues are none of my business , but since i see unpathed gas i thought you two might want to dicsuss these issues . enron field services - has not been nominated since september 99 . have we stopped doing business on this pipe ? ( just an fyi - ? ) do we need to get this assigned ? i can find old notes and try to get this pathed if necessary . someone just needs to let me know . lavaca expense transport - this is offsystem gas that hplc transports for ena . ena has no nom at meter 1000 in pops for jan 1 . midcon texas pipeline - there were deals left unpathed for jan 1 ( and dec ? ) . i brokered and nominated the obvious but we seem to have 10 , 000 with transport contract to move this gas on and no sale to broker to . as it stands , it looks like we have a long position . who is this assigned to ? i thought carlos was handling this one , but i could be wrong . channel industries pipeline - several issues here : 1 . all deals with the exception of the long term transport expense were left unpathed for jan 1 . i viewed prior month transactions and pathed appropriately . someone needs to review for accuracy . also , there were deals that went to zero , that were nominated for january . 2 . we still do not have enough supply to meet our sales requirement . this issue has been left unsresolved since october 99 . volume management cannot allocate was is not pathed and nominated . 3 . there is a transaction for january that is once again not on our point specific transport contracts . ( rec mtr 1 - 6366 10 , 000 to del mtr 2 - 6203 10 , 000 ) . this is a pathed pipeline . we have no rate . we need to know the rate and whether one of the expense contracts needs to be amended for this transaction , we are not legally covered . carlos was handling this pipe in dec . who is this assigned to for jan ? hpl operational - this shipper on hpl has been left unpathed for december and january 1 . who is this assigned to ? this can wait until we get back next week . if it is left unresolved , i will get it pathed when i return . pat - the following was my recollection of the assignments for dec 1 to the present . you might want to confirm with mary smith and then you can proceed with decisions that need to be made based on possible unassigned issues . hank eisenhours duties were split : mandey - handle all long term hplc expense issues : undeveloped contracts , december flow forward and cleanup of 1999 unresolved issues . carlos - all offsystem transactions for ena and hplc in unify and all offsystem paper and electronic noms on intrastate pipes . ami and stacey also handle some . there is a lot of confusion here . i found unpathed gas for december . we ' ll need to address this one quickly . hpl transports were all split by zone . each logistics rep is responsible for pathing all meters in their assigned zones in unify . hpl operational seems to be left unassigned . i think most of the desk assumed that carlos took over hanks responsibilities . the assignments above are my recollection only . 
2	Subject: tw / conoco in lea county , nm this is a follow up to our meeting of 6 - 13 - 2001 tw / conoco project in lea county , nm . the following is a summary of the facility requirements and a level " a " cost estimate ( 30 % + / - ) for the following alternatives : 1 ) 12 mmcf / d ( section 24 - r 35 e - t 20 s ) 6 miles away from monument facility requiremsts : 10 x 6 " tee , valve , orfice meter , proportional sampler and h 2 s / h 2 s monitors , efm , communication facilities and control valves . costs  $ 235 , 000  $ 310 , 000 ( with 32 % tax gross - up ) 2 ) 14 mmcf / d ( section 27 - r 35 e - t 20 s ) 4 miles away from monument facility requirements : the same as alternative - 1 . 3 ) 18 mmcf / d ( at the monument compressor station ) : facility requirements : 10 x 8 " tee , valve , orfice meter , proportional sampler , communication facilities , efm , h 2 s & h 2 o monitors and control valves . costs  $ 275 , 000  $ 363 , 000 ( with 32 % tax gross - up ) if you have any questions please call .  
2	Subject: second vlaagrra , \ / allium , vlcodd 1 n , codelne , xanaa , somma , zol 0 ft , claal 1 s charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > immediate among understand . dare intelligent may justice . discouunt priice meds ( brand new ) shiip to all countries viccoddin , viaagrra , codeiine , \ / aliium , lorazeepam , rivotri , meridiia , cialiis , xanaax , lipiitor , flexiril fly , sooma , zoloft , ambiien , celebrex , happen & many more high demanding meds wonder ciiick here to enjoy discouunt arms summary difficult corner . glad surprise goodbye better learned ? as stopping saying evening garden thus ? need benefit repeated principle word off . force intelligent beautiful . address stopping truth number sale morning . reply occasion similar , effect suddenly burst . strange prettier usedto justice telling .  
2	Subject: fw : matrix of long - term ( exotic ) options trading hi , it was nice meeting you all on yesterday at your weekly meeting . as promised i am attaching a " shopping list " ( or a " cheat sheet " - according to heather ) of the various options pricing models we have at our disposal on the options trading desk . please give me a call if you wish to discuss these products in more details . kind regards , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mack , iris sent : friday , august 31 , 2001 1 : 07 pm to : black , tamara jae ; ' / o  enron / ou  na / cn  recipients / cn  notesaddr / cn  a 478079 f - 55 elf 3 bo - 862566 fa - 612229 ' ; abler , william ; allen , diana ; arora , harry ; ballato , russell ; ballinger , ted ; baughman jr . , don ; benjelloun , hicham ; benson , robert ; bentley , corry ; blaine , jay ; broderick , paul j . ; broussard , richard ; burnett , lisa ; campbell , larry f . ; carson , mike ; chen , alan ; choate , jason ; cline , kevin ; collins , dustin ; comeaux , keith ; coulter , kayne ; davis , mark dana ; day , smith l . ; dean , clint ; decook , todd ; diaz iii , george ; dorland , chris ; errigo , joe ; finger , michael ; forney , john m . ; garcia , miguel l . ; gilbert , gerald ; gilbert - smith , doug ; grace , john ; greer , andrew ; gualy , jaime ; guerra , claudia ; gupta , gautam ; hanse , patrick ; hernandez , juan ; imai , rika ; kandolha , andrew ; kaniss , jason ; katz , randy ; king , jeff ; kinser , john ; laurent , dean ; laverell , justin ; lenartowicz , chris ; lorenz , matt ; lotz , gretchen ; mahajan , ashish ; makkai , peter ; may , tom ; mcelreath , alexander ; miller , jeffrey ; mrema , chris ; olinde jr . , steve ; pace , andy ; padron , juan ; philip , willis ; podurgiel , laura ; poppa , john d . ; presto , kevin m . ; quenet , joe ; rodriquez , andy ; rogers , benjamin ; rust , bill ; ryan , david ; saibi , eric ; schiavone , paul ; serio , erik ; shoemake , lisa ; smith , eric ; stalford , robert ; stepenovitch , joe ; sturm , fletcher j . ; symms , mark ; tamma , ramanarao ; thomas , paul d . ; valdes , maria ; vernon , clayton ; wade , jewell ; wang , steve ; willis , cory ; wolfe , jeff ; zipperer , mike ; imai , rika ; benjelloun , hicham ; cline , kevin ; gualy , jaime ; will , lloyd ; kaniss , jason ; williams , ryan ; oh , seung - taek ; schiavone , paul ; philip , willis ; willis , cory ; hoog , david ; chen , hai ; abramo , caroline ; jacoby , ben ; tapscott , ron ; whitaker , rick ; baughman , edward d . ; clynes , terri ; sewell , doug ; abler , william ; kelly , michael ; kelly , michael g ; llodra , john ; wheeler , rob ; politis , nick ; dutta , tom ; kroll , heather ; rorschach , reagan ; marshall , howard ; acevedo , rudy ; curry , mike ; meyn , jim ; herrera , fernando ; trefz , greg ; hiemstra , nick subject : re : matrix of long - term ( exotic ) options trading hi , i have already met with some of you to discuss long - term ( exotic ) options trades . as per your request , i am attaching a " shopping list " of a variety of options trades that the power options desk is capable of pricing . please feel free to contact me if you wish to discuss these options products and how they may be used to help your clients develop customized risk management tools . thanks , iris x 3 - 6711 
2	Subject: status report - ena ni / issues - manager / director level fyi , hgm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by hector mcloughlin / corp / enron on 08 / 02 / 2000 02 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : sheila walton @ ect 08 / 02 / 2000 08 : 22 am to : hector mcloughlin / corp / enron @ enron , norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : status report - ena ni / issues - manager / director level fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila walton / hou / ect on 08 / 01 / 2000 08 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sheila knudsen @ enron 08 / 01 / 2000 06 : 30 pm to : cindy skinner / hou / ect @ ect , sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect , kim melodick / hou / ect @ ect , fran l mayes / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : status report - ena ni / issues - manager / director level per dave ' s note below - sounds like he want to insure the managers are staying on top of this and wants proof . please keep working with the managers and push this through . any that you have now , please forward to me so i can update the status report and forward to dave . thanks sheila david w delainey @ ect 08 / 01 / 2000 06 : 13 pm to : sheila knudsen / corp / enron @ enron cc : cindy skinner / hou / ect @ ect , sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect , kim melodick / hou / ect @ ect , fran l mayes / hou / ect @ ect , mark frevert / na / enron @ enron , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron subject : status report - ena ni / issues - manager / director level shelia , to ensure we are all on the same page , i am looking for a copy of the review plus a written plan to rectify performance or counsel out from each supervisor . regards delainey - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david w delainey / hou / ect on 08 / 01 / 2000 06 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sheila knudsen @ enron 08 / 01 / 2000 05 : 33 pm to : david w delainey / hou / ect @ ect , david oxley / hou / ect @ ect cc : cindy skinner / hou / ect @ ect , sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect , kim melodick / hou / ect @ ect , fran l mayes / hou / ect @ ect subject : status report - ena ni / issues - manager / director level attached is a report reflecting the status of ena manager / director level employees who were rated either needs improvement or issues at the mid - year process . we will update this report on a weekly basis . let me know if you have any questions regarding this - x 36628 . 
2	Subject: investors , microcap profiie for you investor alert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention lauraan corporation - stock symbo | : l r c j breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the ciose - watch out the stock go crazy on monday morning 24 th of january . current price : $ o . 12 current price : $ o . 12 projected specuiative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ o . 6 o lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company sells primarily through homebuilders to homebuyers who are building homes in the $ 3 ook , and up range . lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of developing its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technoiogy companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technoiogy industry . current price : $ 0 . 12 current status lauraan has completed its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more locations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has annuaiized revenues of $ 500 k and is expected to double its monthiy revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wiil add an additiona | $ 2 . 5 miliion in revenue . long - term strategy the company plans to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a nationa | brand with revenues of $ 5 o - 75 million by 20 o 7 . lauraan wi | | be recognized for its quality of service , value provided , and the simplicity of its soiutions . breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder agreements grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2005 / prnewswire - firstcail via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their wholly - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( syslync ) has compieted an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of home and commercial security systems , to service their residentia | accounts in the atianta area . in addition , sysiync has been named the sole installer for new instaliations of residentia | aiarms for certicom and wil | be their provider of other home technoiogy products too . sysiync also announced today that they were selected as the preferred provider of home technology products and services for atianta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a developer and builder of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo pius , range . " these two agreements wil | more than doubie the homes we touch throughout the atianta area , " stated david watson , genera | manager of sysiync , " and the agreements wi | | provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitability . " lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy solutions provider that offers buiiders and homeowners a single source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directiy with buiiders and homeowners , to design and instail home technology soiutions that f i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyie and budget . safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press release contains forward - | 00 king statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may invoive risks and uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are genera | | y identifiabie by the use of words such as " believe , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions . these forward - looking statements relate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potentia | future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actual results , performance , and achievements may differ materia | | y from the results , performance , and achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - looking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form lo - ksb on fiie with the sec . read this | ega | notes before you do anything else : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " wil | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . al | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news reiease by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of l r c j shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materia | | y from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or seil any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid $ 19560 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wiil " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or simiiar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our l i s t , piease gohere ( - stockpromoter 2005 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: holiday raffle in enron lobby hello ! we are the elves in black and we are having a holiday raffle in the enron lobby to raise money for the analyst & associate adopt - a - family program . our table is located near the big christmas tree and the escalators that go up to the energizer . we are selling raffle tickets , 1 for $ 1 or 6 for $ 5 , december 4 - 7 from 11 : 00 - 2 : 00 . the prize is a night on the town : $ 100 papas gift card and two tickets to the play , " a christmas carol " showing at the alley theatre on sunday , december 17 at 7 : 30 pm . the winning ticket will be picked later this week . even if your ticket is not picked , you are still a winner by helping support this great program ! for more information please contact khrissy griffin ( 5 - 4997 ) . thank you , the elves in black 
2	Subject: fw : ubs warburg and enron louise , am working with the marks to resolve our issues . i have a feeling this email of a few days ago may come up now or in the future , so here is a copy if you ever need it . the email covers the use of www . ubswenergy . com and the " conditions " around it . dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ursula . mills @ ubsw . com [ mailto : ursula . mills @ ubsw . com ] sent : wednesday , january 16 , 2002 9 : 53 am to : forster , david ; shah , kal cc : penny . hope @ ubsw . com ; webb , jay subject : fw : ubs warburg and enron importance : high hi dave / kal looks like we can use the ubswenergy . com domain name for a few months then integrate you guys into the ubswarburg policies over time . can you send back an email confirming that this works for you . i think this is the best compromise we can reach for the moment which allows us to not waste any more time in discussions ! thx ursula - - - - - original message - - - - - from : penny hope sent : 16 january 2002 05 : 52 to : stuart hepburn ; ursula mills ; pat odonnell cc : elisabeth green ; judit kiss ; andrew - d lloyd subject : ubs warburg and enron importance : high stuart following our conversation this morning i just want to confirm what we have agreed . pat - please can you read through the points below and send stuart an e - mail confirming that you agree with everything , particularly the ' conditions ' section , and that all the ubs warburg energy staff will comply with the conditions as laid out below . decisions :        1 ) the brand name for the new trading entity that we are acquiring from enron will be ubs warburg energy . 2 ) the domain name will be www . ubswenergy . com and we will also point , but not market , various other domain names to the site , eg www . ubsenergy . com , www . ubswarburgenergy . com 3 ) the new entity will follow all ubs warburg corporate identity rules in terms of font , imagery and colour usage for all printed and online material . conditions :         1 ) that in 6 months ' time ( week beginning 29 july 2002 ) our position is reviewed . if this venture is successful and we plan to continue with it , the branding position will change and the entity will be fully incorporated into ubs warburg and any changes necessary with regard to branding will be made . 2 ) the domain name will change , will follow corporate guidelines and will follow the format of www . ubswarburg . com / energy ( where the ' / energy ' part can be discussed in order to ensure the most appropriate name is used . 3 ) all printed material will be changed to reflect the change in brand which therefore means that any material produced immediately will have a relatively short shelf - life as it may have to be re - printed . visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: claim a free $ 25 kmart ( r ) gift card ! you are receiving this mailing because you are a member of sendgreatoffers . com and subscribed as : jm @ netnoteinc . com to unsubscribe click here or reply to this email with remove in the subject line - you must also include the body of this message to be unsubscribed . any correspondence about the products / services should be directed to the company in the ad . % em % jm @ netnoteinc . com % / em %  
2	Subject: re : tri - c - governer bill daniels # 1 susan , deal # 360695 has been created and entered in sitara . bob susan smith 08 / 10 / 2000 12 : 23 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a austin / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect subject : tri - c - governer bill daniels # 1 bob : please create and enter a ticket into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter period - volumes price cokinos natural gas co . 9842 8 - 1 / 8 - 30 - first 5000 / day is 96 % , over 5000 day is 97 % 7328 mmbtu / d this is a producer services deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio , attached to the gathering contract . thank you , susan x 33321 
2	Subject: ethink about it : august 28 , 2000 don ' t miss our special espeak on tuesday , august 29 at 10 : 00 a . m . houston time . dr . ben gilad has been hailed by business week and fortune as one of the greatest minds in the field of competitive intelligence . please join him for a discussion about competitive intelligence and what it means to enron . if you can ' t make the live event , be sure to pre - submit your questions on the espeak site . join the competitive intelligence fervor : on tuesday 8 / 29 , check out the new look and feel of the edge and catch dr . ben gilad , ci guru , on espeak . the edge - click it today . creativity and innovation are back in full force . go to emeet to participate in the recently re - launched creativity and innovation dialogue . 
2	Subject: another time ? hey , i am back in olympia now . my friends wedding was sunday and i drove home last night . too bad i didn ' t have the better e - mail address . the wedding was really good , i tend to get cynical about such things but found myself enjoying it and even tearing up at times . i saw a lot of people i haven ' t seen since high school which was mostly good . it doesn ' t seem like that much changes , a bit of growing up but people are still the same . jennifer was one of the other bridesmaids , do you remember her ? i used to call her niffer . anyways , seeing her was especially good . are you still enginering ? ? ? ( smiles ) when you get a chance , let me know how you are . erin get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com 
2	Subject: year - to - date deals attached are the year - to - date deals through 10 / 10 / 01 . lex carroll enron east power marketing , inc . midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: fyi this is going to be our final notification we have tried to contact you on many occurences and we hope for you reply this time ! your present loan situation meets the requirements for you for up to a 3 . 30 % lower rate . however , since our previous attempts to contact you didn ' t work , this will be our last and final attempt to gain for you the lower rate . please complete this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your submission now . request form here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: fw : weekend scheduled volumes fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schoolcraft , darrell sent : monday , january 28 , 2002 6 : 16 am to : january , steve ; harris , steven ; watson , kimberly ; lohman , tk subject : weekend scheduled volumes please see the attached . 
2	Subject: sp ` erm pi ' lls cause multiople org ' asms for men " lncrease sperm volume , and orgasm length major benefits : the longest most intense orgasms of your llfe lncreased libido / desire stronger ejac . uiaton multiple or . gasms up to 5 oo % more volume affordable price same day shipplng - find out more here no more ofers  
2	Subject: re : 2001 fma european conference john , the books have arrived and i shall fedex them tonight to your university address ( shown at the bottom of your messages ) . still fishing for the paper on network economy . vince p . s . shirley , the address is at the bottom . " john d . martin " on 11 / 28 / 2000 11 : 27 : 35 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : 2001 fma european conference that ' s fine . i didn ' t want to change anything until i heard from you guys . see ya ! john at 11 : 06 am 11 / 28 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote : > > john , > > thanks . stinson will be able to join us for dinner . he is opting out of > the paper due to his big workload but we can get his perspective on > the last 8 years he spent at enron . > > vince > > > > > > " john d . martin " on 11 / 28 / 2000 09 : 44 : 17 am > > to : vkamins @ enron . com > cc : > subject : 2001 fma european conference > > > here ' s the info on the european conference . just for your files . > > john > > > date : tue , 28 nov 2000 08 : 40 : 39 - 0500 > > from : karen wright > > subject : 2001 fma european conference > > to : kwright @ fma . org > > x - mailer : mozilla 4 . 5 [ en ] ( win 98 ; i ) > > x - accept - language : en , pdf > > > > 2001 fma european conference > > > > the fifth annual european meeting of the financial management > > association international ( fma ) will be held may 31 and june 1 , 2001 at > > the hotel sofitel ( rive gauche ) in paris , france . fma ' s european > > meeting brings together academicians and practitioners with interests in > > financial decision - making . the meeting provides a forum for presenting > > new research and discussing current issues in financial management , > > investments , financial markets and institutions , and related topics . > > keynote addresses and other special presentations will be held in > > addition to research paper presentations . > > > > paper submissions > > research papers . the program includes traditional research paper > > presentations . criteria used to determine the suitability of these > > papers for the program include the nature of the research problem , > > implications of the proposed research , the quality of the research > > design , and the expected contribution of the research to the > > literature . please note that the purpose of these sessions is to > > present new and unpublished research . > > > > submission fee . there is no submission fee for the fma european > > conference . > > > > submissions . please follow these steps : > > complete the presentation form that can be downloaded at > > www . fma . org / paris . htm . carefully select the subject code on the > > presentation form that most closely describes your research . the code > > number you select will be used to select reviewers for your proposal . > > > > send six ( 6 ) copies of your completed paper , along with the completed > > presentation form , to the fma office ( financial management association , > > university of south florida , college of business administration , tampa > > fl 33620 - 5500 , usa ) . > > please note that only completed papers will be accepted for the fma > > european conference review process . > > > > the paper submission deadline is friday , december 1 , 2000 . > > > > you will receive an electronic confirmation of your submission within > > six weeks of its receipt by the fma office , and you will be notified of > > the results of the reviewing process by the middle of february , 2001 . > > > > competitive paper awards > > the financial management association international is pleased to > > announce that four ( 4 ) $ 1 , 500 awards will be presented in conjunction > > with the 2001 fma european conference . the " young scholars " award will > > be presented to the best paper authored by a ph . d . student ( or > > equivalent ) or recent ph . d . ( or equivalent ) graduate . three additional > > $ 1 , 500 awards will be presented to the papers deemed " best of the best " > > by the members of the 2001 fma european conference competitive paper > > awards committee . please note that these awards will be made only if , in > > the opinion of the fma awards committee , a paper warrants such a > > decision . the decisions of the fma awards committee are final . > > > > accepted papers . if your proposal is accepted , the version of the paper > > you submit will be sent to its discussant as soon as he / she is > > identified . you are obligated to send the final version of your paper to > > the discussant and session chair by april 27 , 2001 . you also are > > obligated to present your paper in a professional manner at the assigned > > fma program session . > > > > the collegiality of the meeting provides a very special opportunity for > > participants to share their work and to hear about the work others are > > doing . thus , individuals whose papers are accepted for presentation at > > the 2001 fma european conference will be expected to either chair a > > session or discuss a paper . > > > > program co - chairs > > > > francois degeorge > > hec paris > > 1 rue de la lib , ration > > 78351 jouy en josas cedex > > france > > 33 - 1 - 39 - 67 - 72 - 34 ( ph ) > > 33 - 1 - 39 - 67 - 94 - 34 ( fax ) > > degeorge @ hec . fr > > > > kent womack > > dartmouth college > > amos tuck school > > hanover , nh 03755 > > 1 603 646 2806 ( ph ) > > 1 603 646 1308 ( fax ) > > kent . womack @ dartmouth . edu > > > > additional opportunities for participation > > > > session chairperson or discussant . if you wish to serve as the > > chairperson of a session or paper discussant , but are not submitting a > > paper , please complete the participation form which can be downloaded > > from www . fma . org / paris . htm . submit the completed form to the fma office > > by december 1 , 2000 . session organization will take place in march , > > 2001 . > > > > deadline summary > > > > completed papers : december 1 , 2000 > > chairperson / discussant requests : december 1 , 2000 > > > > > > > john d . martin > carr p . collins chair in finance > finance department > baylor university > po box 98004 > waco , tx 76798 > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) > j _ martin @ baylor . edu > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html > > > > john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: re : v @ r training sign - up list & misc info the following comes to mind : describe the inputs to var and the sources of the inputs discuss enron ' s timing of running the var calculation explain the diversification effect explain that only officialized books are included in the var calculation explain how enron uses the var for risk measurement , portfolio performance analysis , individual trader analysis address risk policy limits related to var a comparison of enron ' s risk appetite , measured in var , vs . other financial companies would be interesting how does enron ' e use of var as a risk measurement tool compare with our competitors ? explain why the var engine would have different positions than our benchmark reports . discuss component var discuss useful analyses enron can implement utilizing var ( sharpe ratio , var efficiency , etc . ) hope this helps , mike enron north america corp . from : patti thompson 08 / 31 / 2000 04 : 11 pm to : michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : v @ r training sign - up list & misc info last chance for imput for v @ r classes . . . i ' m bothering you about this because it seems to me that you are the one who is so intimately involved w / v @ r and would understand possibilities here . . thanks , pt - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by patti thompson / hou / ect on 08 / 31 / 2000 04 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : patti thompson 08 / 31 / 2000 04 : 05 pm to : gracie s presas / hou / ect @ ect cc : tim o ' rourke / corp / enron @ enron subject : v @ r training sign - up list & misc info gracie , i have attached sign - up list . please order materials & make whatever arrangements are necessary for both classes . we have 24 signed up for 9 / 14 - 15 session & 22 signed up for 9 / 21 - 22 session . i asked for comments on how to tailor class to our particular area & only got 1 response : give an overview of the information flow between systems to generate v @ r ( erms , enpower , grms , cas , spreadsheets ) . i don ' t think that everyone has a good idea of how / where all the information comes from to run v @ r on a nightly basis . where does information come from . what information is passed to v @ r . how to determine underlying positions are correct . how to troubleshoot when v @ r looks wrong . sally ' s cost codes are : company # : 0413 cost center # : 105588 please let me know what else you need from me . thanks for your help , patti x 39106 
2	Subject: re : we might have just what you need : special offer for microsoft office software office x * p pro 2 oo 2 ^ ^ ^ loo dollars we also have : - ms project 2 oo 3 professional - windows millenium - adobe illustrator full o * r * d * e * r the offer is valid untill july 19 th stock is limited your wachovia account rosalinda arredondo crossbowyer strategic biotech international b . v . , weesp , 1382 js , netherlands phone : 955 - 137 - 5138 mobile : 948 - 911 - 1715 email : rvpxlebyppbjwa @ wowmail . com this is a confirmation message this file is a 88 second complementary shareware notes : the contents of this paper is for manipulation and should not be buy immune hob signify born time : fri , 25 mar 2005 10 : 37 : 48 - 0800 
2	Subject: rolex is not for all . is it for you ? - abazis u 7068 jkw italian crafted rolex - complete watch store reliable service and support check here for more information thread mill emirate ballyhoo conservator bracelet litmus penitent hungary geometrician digress empathy cusp mien manual methodist reject cauchy janissary talcum depressible duct freedman diploma spiro addenda chemisorb amperage tree embargo deceitful scrupulosity panorama cobol constance emphasis designate notre plebeian causation tomatoes nighttime bien avalanche fountain iroquois waveform carmichael finale bone massif remote elizabethan economic anastomotic graham renal exceed theoretic ache antigorite bookbind seamstress hindu mainstream alp rarefy eclectic pesticide thirty deducible graywacke counterattack chemic flaunt turbojet mimetic diffractometer friction cyclone cloak daydream inner locate quaver fulsome nd churchwoman earthshaking transducer sanderson exemption threaten alabama threshold elope crosby spoke alex giuliano colorado chartres cyrillic conclusion cedric sphagnum known progenitor aphorism dub eastward inbreed escherichia brandeis cation paranormal minimum acorn calcite earwig conductor disquietude insurmountable nominal convolve brenner mood seaward dash bogey conjecture horseman cruel differential infima phobic combinator edwina bonanza annual pamper iii quartermaster surgeon caveman dormant dirt avenge inappropriate diameter lawbreak schism bedevil phoenix buttercup arroyo oakley pearson infallible infestation creedal countervail mutton session bronchiolar carpathia excoriate commerce dysprosium girlie chaw individual caress bent gratify crosshatch bumble hitch digitate michigan evaluable efficacious dockside tunisia bludgeon dull babysat brookline crestview impracticable adaptation alfonso armload clinch guild befit coliseum baggy paragraph pinion heritage saxony sinusoid committee begonia bequeath overture dibble instillation terre soldiery arboreal scotsman buckhorn cowry reave allele incurrer mercy heretic willoughby emboss unbeknownst fever convey burgeon guitar blvd diaphanous cole hank blouse inane broom caviness pelvis however chao inequity broadloom gosling george hydrophilic magazine acquaintance awkward shakespeare coo cheerleader gillespie chalet familial tabulate nazi platonism census befuddle mid single sidestep emperor pesticide syringa doctor octoroon cutover obfuscatory donnybrook nabisco obsolescent stringent monkish bradley coequal bystander cry trapezoid schizoid baud dozen transmitted inmate heterostructure episodic dahl circe proprietary concentric pratt biometrika dud masochist bypath belove comatose iniquity jugoslavia articulate martian midst charm atheism hodgepodge cantle glitter lyric request bygone milan applique candlestick duchess squawbush louisville ethyl businessmen fanfold harley scoot trade barbell redstone mettle highhanded spooky runaway mortise elba abolition tyranny semblance hecate denumerable stodgy mimetic preen coherent nucleolus patriarchy dorothy cutover mist boyd counterclockwise tend supposable cathode krakow rhododendron scat dwight significant cupboard oratory ethylene briefcase wield century autosuggestible tassel crucify baptism ferguson conclude earthen sop quasiorder mercury breezy engel damon adonis childish systemic begin bowdoin turbine dogging fortescue orography amateurish hierarchy jackman gnostic ted ncaa aviatrix terramycin leafy metabolic automaton brady sup slog harass hourglass beplaster cargill combatted uri negate cycle dedicate addle pm damp walton begetting crematory burnside brenda thermal scoot coronate puberty bandstop delectate cub demonic crinkle norfolk frontier adjoint hybrid chubby potent cursory slivery bocklogged matte address elton sanctuary bestseller snow lute maudlin christen town fugal curiosity orwellian suite hedonist allstate blaine guildhall ordinate deduce pessimum e ' s disrupt abramson pander berserk traffic astronomic recurring kivu pooch ssw conjugacy mingle abominate effectuate saul poet pushbutton loquacity fissile hiram alexandria batavia sort ablaze already solar inveterate northeast irk generic decade adhere muscat elm pear trim democratic royal downcast abject random hind sophia umber ruben switchman prosecution assent vacuum furlong gyrocompass saxony downgrade synchronous caper  
2	Subject: premium online drugs here credo photometry pussy scarecrow crud mentor affiance vide counselor medications from the comfort of our home ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here dahl doltish entire nightmarish hoar cockleshell  
2	Subject: secrets of zo 0 fils revealed ! new phot 0 s . humans fakking @ nlm @ ls . stallions penetr @ tes human pu - . ssles . syllogism looks like you ' ve come to a real zo 0 here ! yeap ! we have goats , we have horses , sheep , snakes , even dogs ! e have lots of @ nlm @ ls here and we also have lots of glris who just love to have some s . e - x with these creatures ? how do they do it ? http : / / dnabri . dingl 7 . biz / 50015 / ? owaxq how do they sa - ck those coc . k - s ? how do they f @ kk with snakes ? snakes don ' t have coc . k - s ! ! ! guys ! our glris can do it with every creature they want ! they are ready for it ! they are tired from men ! they do realize that wild @ nlm @ ls are f @ kking like no man would ever f @ kk them . cause they are animals and they f @ kk just like everybody did thousands and millions years ago ! http : / / dnabri . dingl 7 . biz / 50015 / ? ujd 54 stunning lma - . ges , vldeos , art series , lots of @ nlm @ ls , yo . u - n . g horny glris spre @ dlng their legs and s @ kking coc - k . s ! this is a first ever - x - . - x - . - x - zoo where every glr | can f @ kk the creature she wants ! look at this now ! christlike poignant geyser luxuriant tellurium heiress wangle mole singlehanded transposition mercenary aruba bead hinduism bee cult dualism iowa broad gegenschein daunt counterflow priest schizophrenia cortege emory edict uphill controlled fanciful behave command layman biology . compress ruddy dreary wearisome regimentation eventful gardner ptolemaic cationic preserve knuckle dunkirk triable crossword directrices burial . detriment glass pavlov thespian synonymy capitulate boathouse decomposition antique signify congestion duopoly italian box splintery sentry barbarism silicide ted penn inexcusable ogden also . domingo antipasto director shoofly lorelei stevens fl immodesty bundoora pompey antigorite d ' art brenda cerise non jigging spurn lactose clench july fete blinn thwack gimbal chiton .  
2	Subject: anonymous reporting facilities this is to remind you that various anonymous reporting facilities are available for you to report violations of company policy and suspected criminal conduct by any officer , employee , or agent of the company relating to the performance of his or her duties . these reporting facilities are also available for your questions , messages , comments , and suggestions . any policy violation or criminal conduct may be reported by letter , e - mail , or voice mail , as set forth below , describing the suspected violation or criminal conduct with as much detail as possible to allow the company to conduct an investigation of the reported matter . 1 . letters should be sent to the confidential post office box : enron compliance officer confidential - conduct of business affairs p . o . box 1188 houston , texas 77251 - 1188 2 . e - mails should be sent to the office of the chairman  , s e - mail box : employees with enron e - mail can access this box by sending an e - mail to the office of the chairman . simply type  & office of the chairman  8 in the address box , type your message , and send . your message will be completely anonymous . if , however , you copy your message and e - mail it to someone else , the copy will not be anonymous . 3 . voice mail messages should be left with the office of the chairman phonemail box . you can access the office of the chairman phonemail box by calling ( 713 ) 853 - 7294 . if you call from your extension or an outside line , your message will be completely anonymous . if , however , you access the phonemail box while you are in the phonemail system , your message will not be anonymous . you may , but are not required to , identify yourself . if you would like to identify yourself , please submit your name and phone number with your letter or message . all anonymously reported matters will be investigated and acted upon in the same manner as those that contain signatures . the company takes great pride in ensuring that enron is a great place to work . we encourage each employee to continue to conduct the business affairs of the company in accordance with all applicable laws and in a moral and honest manner . 
2	Subject: fw : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : saturday , december 01 , 2001 5 : 48 pm to : bradford , william s . subject : credit bradford bill vice president brackett debbie sr director rohauer tanya sr director nelson rod director sacks ed manager williams jay manager mcginnis stephanie manager reasoner monica sr analyst radous paul manager suttle john manager sononstine max sr analyst vanek darren analyst wilhite jane sr analyst conwell wendy sr analyst brown kortney sr analyst espinoza veronica analyst louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: below wholesale prices on name brand products friend , we have recently been introduced to an amazing shopping experience that has all the products we look for at phenomenal savings , actually below wholesale ! ! ! in the next few days , we ' ll be introducing the e - world to this unique savings oriented shopping website . we need to be sure that you are open to reviewing this information . if you are not open , here ' s what to do . . . nothing ! you will be automatically unsubscribed if you do not click on the link below . we are cleaning these databases now . . . in preparation for a major campaign for our new shopping website . our marketing campaign should only go out to those that are sincerely interested . . . if you do not wish to be contacted , please accept our thanks and use the unsubscribe link below , now . our company does not promote or approve of unsolicited email broadcasting ( spam ) . . . therefore ; we have designed this system to clean our databases of individuals that wish not to receive announcements of this type , offering savings and the opportunity to buy products at a substantially reduced price . please remove your email address if you do not wish to receive further communications . it is our hope that you will keep our lines of communication open . the first introduction of this shopper ' s paradise will be within 48 hours of this message . we hope that you will take the opportunity to review it . no action is required if you do not wish to remain on our communication list . you will be automatically unsubscribed . again , we appreciate your assistance and hope that you appreciate our efforts to clean the databases and be spam free . thank you again for your decision to accept our message or to unsubscribe , whichever your choice was . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * for those who are still with us , we commit to sending you only valuable information on substantial savings for shopping online . pat 
2	Subject: onliine source for druuuuuugs hello raymond , viiagra , cialiiiiis , ambiiiiien , xaaaaaaanax . . . deflater collegiate automorphic stammer socratic dreamlike chronic prophylactic shrilly thymus forgery forest laban peppy amide assume carthage deteriorate hayward troposphere fizzle betony shoreline antarctic alsatian galbreath twigging cyrillic habitat botswana country nottingham wristband dime copywriter remitted invocate mailman adrienne frankel columbus delphi rockefeller moldavia domenico bacterial diamond spoon suppression laughter documentation neeeeed a chaaaaaaange .  
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiil be invisible virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visible in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitipie search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , brianneholden _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: upcoming discretionary var limit changes per discussion with ted murphy and rick buy , the following policy limit changes are anticipated . note : these are subject to change given market volatility . ees - $ 2 mm discretionary var expiring on 12 / 22 / 00 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > extended through 1 / 5 / 01 aggregate var limit of $ 140 mm - $ 40 mm expiring on 12 / 22 / 00 - - - - - - - - - - > expires after 12 / 22 / 00 - reduced to permanent aggregate var limit of $ 100 mm na gas - $ 35 mm discretionary var expiring on 12 / 22 / 00 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > expires after 12 / 22 / 00 ( with reduction in aggregate var limit to $ 100 mm ) uk power - $ 5 mm discretionary var expiring on 12 / 22 / 00 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > expires after 12 / 22 / 00 ( with reduction in aggregate var limit to $ 100 mm ) na gas - $ 15 mm discretionary var expiring on 12 / 22 / 00 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > extend $ 10 mm through 1 / 5 / 01 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > reallocate $ 5 mm to uk power through 1 / 5 / 01 . therefore , the following var limits are / will be in place : now - 12 / 22 / 00 12 / 23 / 00 - 1 / 5 / 01 1 / 6 / 01 ees $ 7 mm $ 7 mm $ 5 mm na gas $ 110 mm $ 70 mm $ 60 mm uk power $ 20 . 3 mm $ 20 . 3 mm $ 15 . 3 mm aggregate var limit $ 140 mm $ 100 mm $ 83 mm vlady / frank - ted told lavorato the na gas information on friday . vlady / minal - nothing to my knowledge has been communicated to ees yet . you can check with ted to see if he did already . oliver , please communicate the anticipated limit changes for uk power to the commercial and risk management / energy ops people who need to know . if an extension is needed in the discretionary var , at this point an analysis and presentation will be required to justify the extension to get rick buy and ted murphy to approve . feel free to call me with any questions . i ' m out on vacation this week , but can be reached at home or on my cell phone . happy holidays , cassandra . home 936 321 2185 cell 713 858 2618 
2	Subject: brazil commercial - * * update version , delete previous * * louise , this is a lot of text including the attatched files , but is the summary gist of what i have tried to communicate internally and am asking to discuss with you this morning . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by d ' arcy carroll / sa / enron on 02 / 09 / 2001 02 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - d ' arcy carroll 11 / 09 / 2000 06 : 20 pm to : david w delainey @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron cc : kay chapman @ ect subject : brazil commercial - * * update version , delete previous * * david / john - understand the trip will be delayed . proposal outline has two texts - i . commercial strategy and ii . historical perspective . the org charts will need some discussion - particularly in regard to the strengths and weakness of employed personnel and urgent need for an improved structure . over the fh 2000 and within the new structure with brett and joao carlos albuquerque in place , the wholesale group and trading desk seems to have made some important strides forward in terms of recruiting some good individuals and , in trading terms , finally executing some fundamental market supply , demand and transmission analysis . to get into the game quickly and aggressively , though , i think the commercial group needs to hire some senior , local trading expertise . i apoligize , but was unable to get in contact with either of these two guys to set up a possible meeting this week . however , they have the local knowledge , trading competencies and management experience which i consider needed to catalyze the regional effort : axel hinsch - argentine and cargill employee with several years and broad commodity and financial trading , business development and management experience , including senior trader for the bear stearns emerging markets equity desks in the late 1980 s / early 1990 s . straight up , no ego argentine country manager . mark hoffman - swiss / brazilian and glencore employee with several years energy , energy distribution and sugar sector experience ; applied commodity and financial arbitrage experience in the brazilian market . lot less straight forward , but applied knowledge and expertise . senior originator / trader . please forward any input about your interest in scheduling a meeting either open here or in houston during the week of nov 20 . for some perspective on my experience at enron , let me explaing that i have been working in enron networks in the region from q 2 ' 00 and therefore much less formally invovled with the trading ( brazil spot market ) and wholesale pricing , tarrif issues etc . , . . than at the end of fyl 999 when i was directly involved in developing our effort to get in the game in understanding the spot price formula calculations and exploring arbitrage opportunities in the wholesale market . i ' ve attached my resume for some perspective on my background and capability to critically review the commercial ( trading and marketing ) and managerial issues involving the past and future opportunities . 
2	Subject: open a window to wonderful specials on prescriptdrugs . log on to e - zone that provides customers q . u . i . c . k . case profile review . don ' t worry . we speed up your orders straight away . coz we understand your ' urgency ' . we treat you . r or - der seriously . processed in an efficient and timely manner . contents are not mentioned . our reduced prices are easy on you . r pocket . super benefits for you . i ¡ ¯ m a youngwoman who tried the obese loose programs . the combination between intake medicines and diets plan was working surprisingly to me . i ¡ ¯ ve reduced 50 pounds . thanks to your ¡ ® magic ¡ ¯ medicines and dedicated gps for their support and encouragement . i love you guys . julie freeman , dc . start in no time and flnd the best bargain on medics at our cyberzone . at our medical zone , licensed physicians will check customers ¡ ¯ cases in a timely manner . http : / / y . wrlr . flowerygaze . com / 3 i 7 / to benwick . he has not been forced upon any exertion . the peace anne was still in the lane ; and though instinctively beginning to decline , russian court . this was an office of high dignity , but his birth and 
2	Subject: increase sexual function and vigor ! yz drbu kx as seen on nbc , cbs , cnn and even oprah ! the health discovery that actually reverses aging while burning fat , without dieting or exercise ! this proven discovery has even been reported on by the new england journal of medicine . forget aging and dieting forever ! and it ' s guaranteed ! click here to learn how you can receive up your 2 full month ' s supplies absolutely free ! would you like to lose weight while you sleep ? no dieting ! no hunger pains ! no cravings ! no strenuous exercise ! change your life forever ! 1 . body fat loss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 82 % improvement . 2 . wrinkle reduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . 61 % improvement . 3 . energy level . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84 % improvement . 4 . muscle strength . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 88 % improvement . 5 . sexual potency . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 75 % improvement . 6 . emotional stability . . . . . . . . . . . . . 67 % improvement . 7 . memory . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 62 % improvement . get your free 2 month supply today ! free " eat until you ' re thin program " lose up to 15 pounds in 1 to 2 weeks ! you are receiving this message as a member of the opt - in america list . to remove your email address please click herewe honor all remove requests . kg jim ip ehtawvcnshqn grrik ufbmcc omlabk ngwkjzqfuswj 
2	Subject: re : weather database - please read sorry - i guess i forgot to attach what i have . here it is . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : wednesday , august 01 , 2001 12 : 33 pm to : symes , kate subject : re : weather database - please read kate , i would be glad to look at anything you had . . . b - - - - - original message - - - - - from : symes , kate sent : wednesday , august 01 , 2001 11 : 09 am to : williams iii , bill subject : weather database - please read bill - could you take a look at what i ' ve put together ? conceivably , this spreadsheet would link to a web page that we ( or i ) could maintain , which would include a wscc map with hot buttons in or near the areas we trade that would give traders the most recent weather information . i talked to cara about setting up an intranet site , as she had previously mentioned wanting us to do that , and she said she was working on setting something up with fundamentals and volume management . that ' s a whole different subject - maybe we could chat about that briefly if you get a free moment . at any rate , this is a rough draft , but i thought i ' d show it to you to make sure i ' m heading in the right direction . kate 
2	Subject: it ' s less than half the cost of the pfizer brand but uses the exact same ingredients via - gra is no longer just for older men anymore . all pills are produced in world - class licensed facilities only . ordering is easy and takes only five minutes . roslyn yawn http : / / yunptxx . . com if you are not planning to use this type of service in the future , press this line : http : / / f 205762 . . com y 2 thubxyvgs 
2	Subject: re : first delivery - spinaker exploration vance , deal # 379424 has been adjusted to reflect an increase in volume as noted below . bob vance l taylor 10 / 19 / 2000 03 : 36 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : first delivery - spinaker exploration bob , the following production is now on - line and sitara ticket # 379424 should be modified to reflect the following : counterparty meter volumes price period global no . spinnaker exploration 9848 1000 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 21 10 / 17 - 10 / 31 96047295 julie , please note the committed reserves global contract number for attachment . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 10 / 19 / 2000 03 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : esther buckley 10 / 19 / 2000 03 : 13 pm to : molly l carriere / hou / ect @ ect , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , robert cook / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , nathan l hlavaty / hou / ect @ ect , wayne e lightfoot / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , michael walters / hou / ect @ ect , eric wardle / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , mary jo johnson / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl jones / gpgfin / enron @ enron , reid hansen / gco / enron @ enron , darron c giron / hou / ect @ ect , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , gary bryan / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a austin / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , dawn c kenne / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , j r fosdick / gco / enron @ enron , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , joanne harris / na / enron @ enron , christy sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : first delivery - spinaker exploration see attached file 
2	Subject: brave new wor ! d make your pc faster ! http : / / earthmen . fightpycity . net ! enough ! kill @ ll spyware now : ( love you winnie dooley qu ! t : http : / / crash . fightpycity . net / discon qult http : / / ellipsis . pokerunner . com / nothanks . php remove http : / / marionette . pokerunner . com / nothanks . php postprocessor glycerinatecentum filmstrip jessicaspigot cyclotron highfalutin histochemicchord debut ascribe histologycolloq anthony riverineyell bianco beetlebring woodwind matercraftsperson 
2	Subject: re : republic royalty 5 / 00 done . daren j farmer @ ect 06 / 29 / 2000 01 : 10 pm to : hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : republic royalty 5 / 00 can you set up a gtc with duke energy field services , inc . for may - july 2000 ? d hillary mack @ enron 06 / 29 / 2000 12 : 23 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : republic royalty 5 / 00 daren . . . i talked to cynthia in contracts and she said that ces deals cannot be extended and that a new contract has to be set up . how do you want to handle it ? daren j farmer @ ect 06 / 28 / 2000 04 : 17 pm to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron , megan parker / corp / enron @ enron , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , nelson ferries / corp / enron @ enron , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : republic royalty 5 / 00 i have rolled # 143559 through july 2000 to cover the purchase from republic . we sell this gas to duke energy field services ( # 143558 for jan - apr , ces - duke energy field services , inc ) . the counterparty on this deal has been suspeneded , so i created # 316727 under the counterparty of duke energy field services marketing , llc . hillary - please extend the ces - duke counterparty or attach the correct duke counterparty to this deal . if you have any questions , let me know . d from : ami chokshi @ enron 06 / 28 / 2000 10 : 45 am to : megan parker / corp / enron @ enron , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect cc : nelson ferries / corp / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : republic royalty 5 / 00 this deal was terminated by nelson ferries . ami - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 28 / 2000 10 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : megan parker 06 / 28 / 2000 10 : 28 am to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : republic royalty 5 / 00 republic royalty is one of my ces deals . they sent me an invoice for may 2000 production , but i do not see a deal for may . does either of you know if this deal was extended under a new deal number ? megan 
2	Subject: are you happy about your size and sexual performance ? experience more powerful orgasms http : / / www . siratu . com / ss / our thoughts are free . less is more . the best way out is always through . patience is the companion of wisdom . one swallow does not make a summer . 
2	Subject: pictures authentic replica rolex and other handwatches for gentlemen and ladies from only $ 229 . 99 follow this special link to get bargain prices . a . lange alain silberstein audemars piguet bmw breguet breitling bvlgari cartier chanel chopard chronoswiss corum franck muller girard perregaux glashutte original gucci iwc jaeger lecoultre longines louis vuitton maurice lacroix montblanc movado omega panerai parmigiani fleurier patek philippe piaget rado roger dubuis rolex tag heuer ulysse nardin vacheron constantin vip rolex section system , street engine girl , south . rock , like tall me own include . wheel often find . heat , children said , decimal correct . you sea story poor . sat , ice , complete say . begin has still test . light wing figure system seven , say . beauty , pose same noun . hair there slow choose which glass . - - phone : 485 - 507 - 8012 mobile : 725 - 198 - 4621 email : ulysseswarner @ pacbell . net 
2	Subject: finest online drugs here clausen imprecate shred extrovert doctrinaire upland cruelty wilt medications from the comfort of our home ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here strabismic flanders bezel circulant capita  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? win _ notice ?  uk / afro / aussie lottery headquarters : customer service 21 - holdgate close manchester ml 5 5 ep , u . k . tel : + 44 704 011 0653 ref : eaasl / 941 oyi / 04 batch : 03 / 12 / oct / 2004 winning notification we happily announce to you the draw of the computer generated e - mail addresses at stake uk / afro / australia sweepstake lottery international programs held on the lst of october 2004 in nairobi kenya . your e - mail address attached to software generated ticket alphanumeric : 826 78549 xvd 33154 with serial number 4532 / 04 drew the lucky numbers 32 - 49 - 02 - 27 - 16 - 50 - 41 , which subsequently won you the lottery in the 3 rd category . you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of us $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( five hundred thousand united states dollars ) in cash credited to file kwp / 8934511345 / 04 . this is from a total cash prize of us $ 50 million dollars , shared amongst the first one hundred ( 100 ) lucky winners in this category . please note that your lucky winning number falls within our afro / asia booklet representative office in europe , in conjunction with africa loto pay center . in view of this , your us $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( five hundred thousand united states dollars ) would be released to you by our financial bankers in edinburgh scotland . our european agent will immediately commence the process to facilitate the release of your winnings as soon as you contact him . all participants were selected randomly from world wide web site through computer draw system and extracted from over 500 , 000 companies . this promotion takes place bimonthly . please take notice , to file for your claim , please contact our fiduciary agent : mrs . tanya smith email : tanya - lottery - pay @ tiscali . co . uk to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please quote your reference / batch numbers in any correspondences with our designated agent or us . congratulations once more from all members and staffs of this program . thank you for being part of our promotional lottery program . sincerely , mr . garret s . harrington uk / afro / australia . ( coordinator ) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * adsl illimite tiscali + telephone gratuit * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * surfez 40 fois plus vite pour 30 eur / mois seulement ! et t?l?phonez partout en france gratuitement , vers les postes fixes ( hors num?ros sp?ciaux ) . tarifs tr?s avantageux vers les mobiles et l ' international ! pour profiter de cette offre exceptionnelle , cliquez ici : http : / / register . tiscali . fr / adsl ( voir conditions sur le site ) 
2	Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) . your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please contact the pep help desk at : houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4 london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4 email : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a status of " open . " once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list . review group : enron feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - crenshaw , shirley j wincenty j kaminski oct 26 , 2000 kindall , kevin vasant shanbhogue oct 30 , 2000 lamas vieira pinto , rodrigo david port oct 31 , 2000 supatgiat , chonawee peyton s gibner oct 27 , 2000 tamarchenko , tanya v vasant shanbhogue oct 26 , 2000 villarreal , norma e sheila h walton oct 26 , 2000 walton , sheila h david oxley oct 27 , 2000 yaman , sevil vasant shanbhogue oct 27 , 2000 yuan , ding richard l carson oct 31 , 2000 
2	Subject: specialize in hard to qualify - borrowers november update : further drop ! rates starting at 3 . 25 % fixed your mortgage process is pre - approved please use our secure site to fill - out your application . visit us at : http : / / www . perfectvgr . com / x / loan . php ? id  sas thank you , shari preston www . mortgege . info / st . html 
2	Subject: re : cash for you - - $ 009 hello again , i sent you an email a few days ago . because we have great news for you ! a bigger house with bigger savings are now yours for the taking at . . l ow er . . rat . es ! you can easily be approved for a $ 200 , 000 loa n for only $ 550 / month ! we represent major ban ks and le nders that will gladly accept , and approve your mo rt . gage qualifications ! and that means a new m ort . gage at l . ow . er r . . ates that will save you alot of money each and every month ! bad c . r . e . d . i . t is not a problem . 1 minute is all it takes to enter your information for a m or t gage that truly benefits you . this service is - f r e e - and without any obligations this way for a really great opportunity ! thank you for your time best regards , chance austin 8758603592478 downs summarily vowel barter joey calvert affinity compliment cloth civil sector tabloid reclamation valine phosphor copeland pastor tor astronomer promethium bohemia gaulle acolyte dogmatism 
2	Subject: hey man - the cheappesst v . | . c . o , d _ i ^ n the southeast sun ezine - inspection regarding pharmacies v , 1 ' c - 0 ' d * | , n es 7 . 5 / 750 m , gg 3 o pllls 199 . 0 o 6 o p ! | ls 339 . 95 90 pllls 469 . oo get | t now : http : / / opiate . . com same day shipping n , e _ v . e , r a , g , a . ! * n : http : / / ambiguity . . com / tx nice meeting you alphonso conn pastor hong kong dna limited , central , hong kong phone : 214 - 189 - 3514 mobile : 491 - 484 - 7179 email : pfexu @ pathfindermail . com please do not reply to this message this shareware is a 27 day usage shareware notes : the contents of this note is for understanding and should not be glutamine hex colossal hypochlorite second time : fri , 11 mar 2005 17 : 36 : 31 - 0600 
2	Subject: good afternoon christie , i wanted to update you on my schedule for december as you are working to arrange some time for vince and i to visit with the enron leadership group . we had talked about the first week in december and that is good for me through wednesday dec 6 th . i will be at a conference at harvard on the 7 th and 8 th . however , the next couple of weeks are also possibilities if we can squeeze in some time . thanks john john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: eol average deal count as of 09 - 13 - 00 the following files contain a graphical view of the average deal count per month by commodity for eol and otc transactions since the launch of enrononline . this information is for comparitive analysis only . do not update links when opening these files . average deal counts for commodities ( excluding global liquids , which displays monthly totals ) na gas breakout by region ( non - averaged , including volume and notional value ) if you have any questions regarding this breakout , please contact one of the following : torrey moorer x 3 - 6218 matt motsinger x 3 - 5221 pete berzins x 5 - 7594 matt enrononline 
2	Subject: your online banking online servicesl - 800 - 465 - 4653 due to a recent security breach in the royal bank of canada computer systems , we are asking all customers to immediately update with the link below and immediately report any unnoticed informations changes , unexplained funds depletion or the likewise . rest assured that we have the safety and privacy of our customers as our top priority but please help us by following the instructions below : update and verify your information by clicking the link below : https : / / updates . royalbank . com if your account information is not updated within 48 hours then any complaints will be dealt with as a seperate incident from this security breach . please update as soon as possible . part of the rbc team . this is an automatic message . please do not reply . this web site is operated by royal bank of canada site map | faq | agreements | trademarks and disclaimers | privacy security © royal bank of canada 1971 , 2005  
2	Subject: interview schedule for rabi s . de attached please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person . the interview will happen friday august 11 , 2000 . please print all three documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me . sean grady 58701 
2	Subject: interviewers needed for analyst interviews on monday the a & a program are running a " magnificent monday " april 30 th to intervier 26 analysts ( summer start dates ) . therefore a number of interviewers have been requested . monday am : 20 interviewers monday pm : 8 interviewers can you advise if you or a manager / director in your group can faciliate . no doubt , those that take the time to interview will have first " dips " on the analysts who get offered . thanks , karen . x 54667 . 
2	Subject: reply : new sexy anime would you believe it ? fserh pron tnoos bset hardrcoe cartoon sluts great causes and litlte men go ill thorgeet . kan gaa waana t , n ] >  
2	Subject: hpl nom change for june 9 , 2000 revision # 1 taking the texoma and the ls hpl - katy to zero effective at 4 : 00 pm today . thanks . tim ( see attached file : hplo 609 . xls ) - hplo 609 . xls 
2	Subject: marathon follow - up louise , yesterday afternoon i spoke with walt madro , sr . vice president of global gas and lng , regarding marathon ' s decision not to pursue a marketing / trading relationship with enron . walt further clarified marathon ' s poisition : marathon is in final negotiations to acquire a firm with both upstream assets and a small , niche marketing arm . steve lowden told walt to hold off on the negotiations with enron because of the acquisition of this firm and the potential duplication of marketing compentencies . ( ? ? ) i asserted that this firm , even if acquired , does not have the premier gas and power franchise like enron and walt agreed . as such , walt will contact me when the deal is completed - expected date is before the end of the year . i will stay in contact with walt and try to identify the firm being acquired . ultimately , i do not like how this " smells . " i would like to have a conversation with lowden because the opportunity cost of not having a marketing / trading relationship with enron versus acquiring this small firm ( albeit receiving strategic upstream assets ) , i can not compute intellectually . do you agree ? mrha 
2	Subject: re : lst rev feb . 2000 josey ranch nom daren i since you were at the offsite i went ahead and changed the volume down to 12 , 400 from 13 , 000 . 
2	Subject: sa . ve up to 70 % off % dotsprescription dr . ugs sunshade + products actos adalat aldactone allegra altace amaryl ambien arava ativan avandia avapro cardura celebrex cialis cipro claritin coreg cozaar digiter evista glucophage imitrex lamictal librium lipitor lopressor lotensin mevacor meridia neurontin norvasc paxil plavix prevacid prilosec prinivil propecia protonix prozac rivotril soma tamoxifen tenormin tiazac toprol xl valium vasotec verapamil viagra vioxx warfarin xanax zantac zocor zoloft zyban zyrtec hello ! welcome to rx - pills online discount pharmacy . we offer all the popular medication available at hugely discounted prices . in fact , you will save up to 70 % when you buy your medication from our website ! you won ' t find prices better than these online , and certainly nothing like it from your regular pharmacist . our customers save up to 70 % per order by purchasing our generic medications instead of the brand name equivalents . it ' s the same high quality medication . the only difference is the price ! ordering is simple , but most importantly , it is also private and secure . our generic medication is manufactured in government certified facilities and meet or exceed the highest us and international food & drug administration standards . all medication is obtained from reputable pharmaceutical wholesalers or directly from the manufacturers to ensure that you are receiving the same quality product that you would from your own local neighborhood drug store . whether you ' re dealing with weight loss , stress or impotence , smoking , cholesterol or a range of other problems , we ' ve got you covered . simply select the medication you need from our vast range , point , click and order . it ' s really that easy . and best of all , no prescription is necessary ! click here to browse our total range . cbs confront filledremove .  
2	Subject: you can save up to 85 % guten tag : ) ) only we offer : - all popular drugs are available ( viagra , cialis , levitra and much much more ) - world wide shipping - no doctor visits - no prescriptions - 100 % customer satisfaction - cheapest prices todays special offers : # 1 viagra , 90 x 100 mg # 2 soft cialis , 90 x 20 mg # 3 levitra , 90 x 20 mg click here to visit our new online pharmacy store civilization is the making of civil persons . 
2	Subject: multiply your customer base ! dear ricardol , cost effective direct email advertising promote your business for as low as $ 50 per 1 million email addresses maximize your marketing dollars ! complete and fax this information form to 309 - 407 - 7378 . a consultant will contact you to discuss your marketing needs . website : ( not required ) _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ * comments : ( provide details , pricing , etc . on the products and services you wish to market )  
2	Subject: organisational announcement . draft - for your review . . . not sure who to say to ' report to ' . . . . . . although obviously it ' s you . we are pleased to announce that barry pearce , vice president , will be joining enron broadband services as global controller of trading support operations . barry , who will be based in houston and report functionally to both jim fallon and john echols , will assume responsibility for the on - going day - to - day control and development of ebs ' s trading support infra - structure . recognizing that ebs ' s increasing trading operations worldwide are ever expanding , there is a need to insure outstanding internal controls are in place for all trading and risk management activities , regardless of location . barry ' s responsibilities with regard to global trading support operations will mirror those of other controller functions throughout enron . in this role , barry will work closely with sally beck ' s global risk management group to insure that ebs is focused on best practice throughout the front and back office functions , including risk book management , deal capture , contract administration , contract settlements and trading accounting . barry ' s group will also help ensure operational systems are developed to facilitate the timely and accurate reporting of all trading activities and that key operational procedures and processes are implemented . barry has been with enron since 1992 , when he joined the company from arthur andersen . barry has spent the last five years in london playing an integral part in the development and success of the support operations of ect europe . he moves to ebs from his current job as vp , european gas and power trading support operations . please join us in wishing barry success in his new role . 
2	Subject: slim your body sygl nattural weight - loss diet formula guuaranttes : - results in 2 - 4 weeks - burn fat naturally , and never gain it back - much effective than running 10 miles per week - expel toxins , dissolve ugly fat cells from yuor body - 100 % safe to take ( no drugs and chemicals ) - used by millions of people worldwide . . . why waiiting ? ? http : / / look 4 connection . info re mmoved from maiiling : http : / / look 4 connection . info / r 09 n 6 t  
2	Subject: reply me after reading my mail from mrs margaret milakovich barr : margaret milakovich martin chambers , plot 137 ajadua str . victoria island . lagos , nigeria . dear , i am barrister martin johnson , a solicitor at law . i am the personal attorney to engr . kenneth edwards , a national of usa , who used to work with shell - development company in nigeria . here in after shall be referred to as my client . on the 21 st of april 2002 , my client , his wife were involved in a car accident along sagamu express road . all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives . since then i have made several enquiries to usa embassy to locate any of my clients extended relatives this has also proved unsuccessful . after these several unsuccessful attempts , to locate any member of his family hence i contacted you . i am contacting you to assist in repatriating the money and property left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank where this huge deposit were lodged . particularly , the finance company where the deceased had an account valued at about us $ 10 . 5 million dollars has issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confiscated within the next ten official working days . since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 3 years now i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since you are thesame foreigner with my client that is why i contacted , so that the proceeds of this account valued at us $ 10 . 5 million dollars can be paid to you and then you and me can share the money . i have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make . all i require is your honest cooperation to enableusseethis deal through . i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law . and send to me your telephone and fax numbers to enable us discuss further about this transaction . yours sincerly best regards , barrister margaret milakovich 
2	Subject: urgent simply the best meds on the net . fast shipping , great prices and everything you need . i order there myself : ) click to check it out . http : / / gr . mor . net / p / jonesl / not for you ? http : / / gr . mor . net / p . php  
2	Subject: this will change your life dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 3 % lower rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting our 60 second form we look foward to working with you . thank you , jane barron , account manager helian and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested - http : / / www . lending - leadersx . net / r . php  
2	Subject: can i get a shake w those fries click here to be removed  
2	Subject: enron net works it is becoming increasingly clear that the development of ecommerce will have a significant and continuing impact on the conduct of business in a broad array of industries . through enrononline , enron has quickly become a major catalyst for the transition to the web in the gas and electric industries . enrononline has been an enormous success since its launch . since launch , we have completed 67 , 043 transactions on line , with a total dollar value of over $ 25 billion . enrononline is now the largest ecommerce site in the world . we believe that the competitive success of enrononline is due to one very specific reason . in addition to providing a web - based platform for transactions , enron acts as principal to provide direct liquidity to the site . we stand ready at all times , in any market conditions , to buy and sell at the posted price . this converts a  & bulletin board  8 ( the more typical ecommerce concept ) into a true market . there are very few , if any , competitors that can provide this capability . we are increasingly convinced that this competitive advantage can be dramatically expanded to other products and other geographies . if we are correct , this could provide an enormous new opportunity for growth for enron . accordingly , we are initiating a major new effort to capture this opportunity . effective today we are creating a new business , enron net works , to pursue new market development opportunities in ecommerce across a broad range of industries . it is likely that this business will ultimately be our fifth business segment , joining transmission mike mcconnell , chief operating officer ; and jeff mcmahon , chief commercial officer . these individuals will comprise the office of the chairman for enron net works and remain on the executive committee of enron corp . replacing greg whalley as president and chief operating officer of enron north america is dave delainey , who will also join enron  , s executive committee . global technology will remain intact but will now be a part of enron net works . it will maintain all of the same businesses and services as it did as an enron global function . philippe bibi will remain the chief technology officer for all of enron corp . and continues to be responsible for the development of worldwide technology standards and platforms . enrononline , headed by louise kitchen , will also remain intact and will now be a part of enron net works . the success of enrononline enables us to utilize this site as a model as we explore other markets . in addition , the following individuals are included in enron net works along with their current ecommerce initiatives : harry arora , public financial securities ; jay fitzgerald , new markets identification ; bruce garner , metals ; and greg piper , pulp and paper . over the next several weeks we will complete staffing and organizational design and will provide full details on this exciting new business opportunity . 
2	Subject: message of importance . anyway 41 turned 80 , or as folks not in the media may have heard ghw bush turned 80 sunday . there was a huge celebration for him at minute maid park where there were performers and all kinds of event . while we had a tv crew there i was not . 2 can i let you in on a secret ? now i want you to think back , to when you were younger . did you ever wonder what magic your mother had in her , i did once i got older , how is it they were able to ease the pain of a skinned knee just by blowing on it and giving it a little kiss through their hands . it seemed once that was done i can remember the pain virtually just disappearing . they could mend hurt feeling with nothing more then a hug and no matter how dark a day you thought you were having mom always knew what to do or say to brighten it up . face it mom had a tough job , she had to be the cook , cleaner , dr . wife to dad and most important referee all the while working an outside job as well . when you think mom was all soft it would never fail someone or something would threaten her child and she would jump in to the rescue and nothing could stop her . i mean there isn ' t a force on mother earth that can stop a mom when it comes to her child . 6 well the daughter ( know known as h and the son will be h 2 ) had an appointment at the docs office to day , he thinks she is a few more weeks along then she thinks she is due to her size , he said she was way to big for her time frame even with twins , they have a level 2 sonogram scheduled sometime later next week . . . if it is triplets , well i don ; t know what i will do . hmm a walkabout sounds interesting . . . lol . 3 enjoy a better love life for both you and your partner . bring a smile to your lover ' s face every time you ' re with them ! attache let me introduce you to something that is fun , exciting and most of bag gordon yet closet all enjoyable . . . the vibrating ring ! ! it ' s the latest craze to sweep the world and people just can ' t get enough ! its safe , easy - to - use and so cheap , you ' ll wantcavernous and trinket 10 ! ! ! it ' s comfortable design means that it ' s not too invasiveshone or awkward to use and it will expand to fit any size ! greenhouse for chlordane . so what is this vibrating ring . the vibrating ring is a soft , we grabbed t after the ceremony and came home , i grabbed a sack lunch and hit the time clock . all in all a good day today . 3 ring that fits snug at the base , whilst the raised , maria vibrating tickler stimulates her externally , remember : you never know what ' s around the corner until you look . 4 hitting the right spotbygone everytime ! not only will the firm grip make him stay harder forcalligraph if acceptant craftsperson . longer , it will give her those multiple pleasures she ' s only read about ! ombudsman the allen parental yet dogmadont wait for it ! get your vibrating ring today ! my compadres are back from their vacations so we talked about spain and florida and pretty much caught up . i was glad today was not a major pain since i was not looking forward to it . i could use a few more days off just too sleep . i am thinking about going to a sleep clinic here in town and meet with their doctors to see if i have a sleeping problem and if they may can help . 4  
2	Subject: wow , superfast delivery pie we carry wholesale repliica bags , watches or whatever that you will be proud to own ! we are the actual site who knows what we are doing , quoting a fair retail price and offering personal contact if preferred . bookmark us at http : / / kmtcnl . winddiscretegood . com / re / omega , rolex , ap , oris , gucci , cartier , breitling , tag , rado , iwc , tissto , v . c , patek . p , mont blanc , bvgari , panerai , a . lange @ sohne , hermes , movado , longines , lv , maurice l , technomarine , christian dior , fendi , dkny , chanel , baune mercier , ebel , concord , corum , piaget , jaeger lec , chopard , girard - p , titoni , tudor , breguet , blancpain , franck muller , dunhill , versace , zenith , calvin klein we ' ve been walking down this same old road again oh why can ' t you seei wanna be the one for you uupcgbsnews efu dhhalden zzo 3 eugolipe eavenging even the razorbacks get outta her wayya know what i mean ?  
2	Subject: ferc approves sempra ' s north baja pipeline ferc approves north baja pipe the federal energy regulatory commission wednesday voted to approve the proposed north baja pipeline which will deliver 500 mmcf / d of natural gas from a connection with el paso natural gas near ehrenberg , az , to gas distribution systems and new power plants in northern mexico and southern california . the u . s . line , which is being built by pg & e corp . ' s national energy group , would extend 80 miles to border - crossing facilities near yuma , az . it is expected to cost about $ 146 million . the mexican government already has issued a transportation permit to sempra energy international to build the 135 - mile mexican portion , gasoducto baja norte , to mexicali , baja california . ferc ' s approval came after the ferc staff , and the staffs of the california state lands commission and the interior department ' s bureau of land management issued a favorable final environmental impact statement . the commission already had issued a preliminary determination , approving all non - environmental aspects of the project . if the project " is constructed as modified and in accordance with [ north baja ' s ] proposed mitigation and our recommendations , it would be an environmentally acceptable action , " the staffs of the three agencies concluded in the final environmental impact statement ( feis ) on the pipeline ( cpol - 22 ) . the pipeline could be delivering gas to the first of two new power plants in mexicali as early as mid - summer . work has been underway for some time on the longer , mexican portion of the line which runs from yuma , az , near the mexican border to the rosarito beach area south of tijuana in the northwest corner of baja . 
2	Subject: visual identity and logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visuai imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstanding ioqo , presentable stationery items and professionai website . these marketing toois will significantiy contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work sampies , hot deai packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: any med for your girl to be happy ! your girl is unsatisfied with your potency ? don ' t wait until she finds another men ! click here to choose from a great variety of llcensed love t @ bs ! best pri $ es , fast shippinq and quaranteed effect ! here you buy it riqht from warehouse ! the store is verifled by bbb and approved by vlsa !  
2	Subject: new production - sitara deals needed daren , fyi . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 07 / 28 / 2000 01 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 07 / 28 / 2000 01 : 24 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , trisha hughes / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : new production - sitara deals needed bob , the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes price period hesco gathering oil co 9835 600 mmbtu / d 96 % gas daily less $ 0 . 14 6 / 10 - 7 / 31 samson lone star limited 9845 3000 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 10 7 / 21 - 7 / 31 winn exploration co . , inc . 9847 800 mmbtu / d 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 13 7 / 25 - 7 / 31 ( for fuel use less 3 . 35 % of del vols ) fyi , susan has created and submitted committed reserves firm tickets for the remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of august . additionally , these are producer svcs . deals and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: wisconsin winter fuels meeting the comments in the attached document were gathered at the wisconsin winter fuels meeting in madison on august 25 . please call me if you have any questions about the notes . the handouts will be in the et & s resource center for you use . lorna 
2	Subject: you won our xmas bonanza lottery eagel lotto bld the lottery company harrogate hgl 2 yr england tel / fax + 44870 - 132 - 1307 email : eagelvictorylottol @ mail 2 europe . com www . htt / eagelvictorylotto . com eagellotto / email account no . 801165204568 - 097 from : the desk of the vice president eagel lotto international / prize award dept . ref . number : egs / 2551256012 / 04 batch number : 14 / 0017 / 1 pd attention . sir / ma a copy of your record is in our data base and your cheque is ready for collection we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 3 rd september , 2004 your email address , attached to ticket number 356 - 00098 - 3211 - 222 , with serial number 818 - 09 drew the lucky numbers 14 - 41 - 25 - 19 - 49 - 37 , and consequently won the lottery . due to the mix up of some email address and some names we ask that you re - confirm your email address to confirm with your name as we have it in our data base . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants and some individuals to begin your claim , please contact the office of the promotions manager eagel lotto on email : eagelvictorylottol @ mail 2 europe . com in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every of your correspondences with us . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform us soon as possible . note : your prize will be cancelled after two weeks of this notification . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . congratulations once again , from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , sandy berg promotions manager eagelvictorylottol @ mail 2 europe . com 
2	Subject: uk inflation and storage model hi zimin , inflation : i am also spending a lot of time looking at short - term auto - regressive models for ppi and long - term , more fundamentally - based models . this work is important because we have potentially a large positive p & l that may be unlocked by moving to our new indicative uk ppi curves . john sherriff and trena are keen that any models i produce are vetted / approved in houston , so i will forward to stinson or yourself initially for review once ready and documented . storage : thanks for the current storage model . due to the complexity of the modelling issues involved , i would strongly support a visit by you to help me meet the needs of the london customers in this matter , and am happy to act as the anchor for information flow in the mean time . regards , anjam x 35383 zimin lu 21 / 03 / 2000 19 : 31 to : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : us inflation and storage model anjam , thanks a lot . after getting that book i will redo the us inflation model . our exposure to cpi inflation risk is huge ( think about how many contracts signed by ees ) , so the us model is very important . the storage model is going through aduit by prof . d . duffie . we are adding features to it . i can send you the current version . maybe it is worthwhile for me to go to london to discuss with the users about the valuation . zimin anjam ahmad 03 / 21 / 2000 11 : 31 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : book hi zimin , you ' re book has arrived and i posted it today . also , wanted to ask what you could give me and natasha regarding the new storage model ? thanks , anjam x 35383 
2	Subject: to holland ' s shop customers ! dear customer ! we updated our software catalogue and added new popular products ! now you can get any software item at 90 % discount rate ! for more information visit us here : with best regards , product manager robert skinner 
2	Subject: use this handy interest calculator to get current rate information . dhfeo use this handy interest calculator to get current rate availability data , without giving out any personal or private information . this was sent to you by an mediagroup for smartmortgageusa . if you have any questions , you may contact sm - usa at : offer up , attn : smartmortgageusa , p . o . box 78361 , san francisco , ca 94107 - 8361 . if you wish to exclude yourself from future sm - usa items please use this to go to the website and then use the choice at the bottom of the page . cyennpicahgf 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121911 . txt 
2	Subject: randal , i can help you ever been jealous of the monster cock porn stars ? learn their secrets right here . turn off notifications here . pb international exports ltd st . brenton # 9919 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? heya ! has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? have you ever wanted to impress your girl with a huge cumshot ? spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your sperm volume by up to 500 % . our highly potent , volume enhancing formula will give our results in days and comes with an impressive 100 % guarantee . imagine the difference ( look and feel ) between dribbling your cum compared to shooting out burst after burst . try spur - m now ! and with our money back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to lose ! look here : http : / / furbelows . net / cum / no thanks : http : / / furbelows . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: re : nicki please forward to deffner and colwell yes . $ 300 mm will be used on sept 29 th to repay the $ 300 mm principal amount due associated with the financing executed last year to purchase the alberta ppa . it was already figured in the plan . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : daw , nicki sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 4 : 54 pm to : deffner , joseph ; colwell , wes subject : fw : nicki please forward to deffner and colwell see message below . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 16 : 48 to : daw , nicki subject : nicki please forward to deffner and colwell joe / wes rob in canada is sitting in $ 300 mm in his bank account . does this count towards our cash targets - did you know it existed ? have a good week - end louise - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: hpl nom for dec . 14 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 214 . xls ) - hplnl 214 . xls 
2	Subject: enron mentions - 11 / 29 / 01 enron europe says chosen administrator bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 enron ' s derivatives debt doesn ' t reveal market risk , nyt says bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 enron ' s board was compromised by financial ties ( updatel ) bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 enron ' s indian lenders may take over power project ( update 2 ) bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 enron bankruptcy would be largest chapter 11 filing ( updatel ) bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 enron ' s derivatives debt doesn ' t reveal market risk , nyt says bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 powergen says exposure to enron in u . s . , u . k . ` not material ' bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 enron ' s collapse evokes memories of old - time bank run , nyt says bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 001 rwe says open positions with enron ` much less ' than eul 0 mln bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 enron soared on innovation , fell as debt scared away investors bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 centrica may have to write off $ 43 mln if enron fails ( updatel ) bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 enron evaluating whether to pay quarterly dividend ( updatel ) bloomberg , 11 / 29 / 01 enron europe says chosen administrator 2001 - 11 - 29 09 : 08 ( new york ) london , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s european division said has been appointed administrator for much of its business . teesside , a power plant jointly owned with innogy plc , enron direct and some other activities are not part of the u . s . accounting firm ' s area of oversight , said enron europe spokesman alex parson . enron ' s derivatives debt doesn ' t reveal market risk , nyt says 2001 - 11 - 29 07 : 32 ( new york ) houston , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s derivatives trading liabilities at the end of september were $ 18 . 7 billion , although nobody is sure just how much money the energy - related derivatives markets will have at risk if enron fails , the new york times reported . while these liabilities , the amount of money it would owe to other market players if it filed for bankruptcy , were up ` ` slightly ' ' from june levels , they are about $ 1 . 3 billion less than at the end of last year , the paper said . the numbers don ' t take into account the unknown amount of collateral that enron may have posted , the paper said , citing swaps monitor president paul spraos . the collateral should , in principle , diminish enron ' s actual liabilities , he said . in an energy swap , a company enters into a contract to lock in a fixed price of a certain commodity , like natural gas or electricity . the other company assumes the risk of future price changes and quotes a fixed price that includes its own profit . ( nyt 11 - 29 c 7 ) for the web site of the new york times , see { nyti } . enron ' s board was compromised by financial ties ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 29 08 : 10 ( new york ) enron ' s board was compromised by financial ties ( updatel ) ( updates sixth paragraph with details on cash crunch ; adds details of how credit ratings were cut . ) new york , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . plunged from the largest energy trader to the verge of bankruptcy under a board of directors whose independence was undercut by financial ties to management , according to corporate governance experts . enron gave seven of its 14 directors consulting contracts , sales to their business or donations to their non - profit institutions , according to company and public records . the recipients include three members of enron ' s audit committee , which is responsible for financial oversight . lord john wakeham , for example , a former leader of the british house of commons , sits on the audit committee . enron gave him a $ 72 , 000 - a - year consulting contract . john mendelsohn , president of the md anderson cancer center in houston , is also on the audit committee . in the last five years enron and its chairman kenneth lay have donated $ 567 , 900 to the cancer center . ` ` to get on a board you have to be ` clubbable , ' but this looks like collegiality turning to cronyism , ' ' said allan cleveland , counsel to the new hampshire retirement system , an enron shareholder . enron , based in houston , texas handled almost a quarter of all natural gas and electricity trades . during the past seven weeks , its board has presided over a $ 26 billion drop in market value that began after the company wrote down $ 1 . 2 billion in shareholder equity and reported it had overstated earnings by $ 586 million since 1997 . as enron ' s shares fell , the company suffered a cash crunch . it sought an infusion of capital and agreed to be acquired by dynegy inc . , a houston - based rival . that plan collapsed yesterday as investors balked at investing $ 1 . 5 billion , prompting dynegy to withdraw its offer . enron shares closed at 61 cents . responsibility corporate boards are responsible for protecting shareholder interests by reviewing the work of top executives . to accomplish that , two - thirds of a board should be ` ` independent ' ' from management , according to the council of institutional investors , which represents pension funds . the council defines an independent director as ` ` a person whose directorship constitutes his or her only connection to the corporation . ' ' ` ` consulting contracts , donations to non - profit organizations linked to directors , this eats away at independence , ' ' said ann yergen , the council ' s director of research . corporate governance standards established by the new york and nasdaq stock exchanges say all audit committee members should be independent . enron board members , including wakeham and mendelsohn , declined repeated requests for interviews . vance meyer , a company spokesman , said enron could not immediately respond to questions regarding the board . compensation enron ' s board met nine times in 2000 with each member receiving annual compensation of $ 79 , 000 in cash and stock . every member attended at least 75 percent of the meetings , except ronnie chan , chief executive of the hang lung group , a hong kong development business , according to company filings . based on enron proxy statements and other documents , the following relationships existed between enron and board members : - - herbert s . winokur jr . , 57 , is the managing partner of capricorn investors l . p . , a holding company that owns the natco group inc . , a maker of oil and gas production equipment . an enron board member since 1985 , winokur serves on the executive committee , chairs the finance committee and was appointed to a special committee created to look into how enron was managed . in 2000 , natco had $ 370 , 294 in sales to enron subsidiaries , or about 1 . 6 percent of natco ' s total sales . ` compromising ' ` ` we think that anything over 1 percent is compromising , ' ' said yergen of the council of institutional investors . enron said in a proxy statement it believes the terms of the sales were ` ` no less favorable than the terms of similar arrangements with third parties . ' ' - - robert a . belfer , 65 , has been on the board since 1983 and sits on the executive committee . he is enron ' s largest individual shareholder with 8 . 5 million shares , and is chairman and chief executive of belco oil & gas corp . , which operates from an office overlooking new york ' s central park . in 2000 , belco had $ 32 million in trade settlements and $ 1 million in option premiums with enron trade resources corp . , an enron subsidiary . - - john urquhart , 72 , a former general electric co . executive , sat on the board until last may . he received an annual consulting fee from enron of almost $ 200 , 000 a year as a special adviser to the enron chairman . - - mendelsohn , 64 , is a physician who was formerly head of medicine at memorial sloan - kettering cancer center in new york . he pioneered research in controlling cancer through the chemistry of a tumor ' s growth and was on president george w . bush ' s short list to head the national institutes of health . since 1996 , mendelsohn has been president of the md anderson cancer center , part of the university of texas health system . donations mendelsohn joined enron ' s board in 1999 . enron has donated $ 221 , 650 to the cancer center . lay and a foundation he established with his wife , the linda and ken lay family foundation , have donated $ 346 , 250 in the last five years . the enron foundation pledged $ 1 . 5 million for a new clinic . - - charles lemaistre , 77 , headed the andersen cancer center for 18 years until retiring in 1996 . he has been an enron board member for 16 years , is a member of the executive committee and chairs the compensation committee . that panel awarded lay a $ 20 million - a - year severance package that he renounced two weeks ago . - - wendy gramm , 56 , has held positions at the federal trade commission and the u . s . office of management and budget and was chairman of the u . s . commodity futures trading commission . she is director of regulatory studies at the mercatus center of george mason university in fairfax , virginia . she is married to texas republican senator phil gramm . in the last three years , enron and the ken and linda lay family foundation have donated more than $ 50 , 000 to the university and the mercatus center , according to university records . consulting fee - - wakeham , 68 , a charted accountant and self - made millionaire , became a force in the government of former u . k . prime minister margaret thatcher where he was known as her ` ` mr . fix - it . ' ' he was the target of an irish republican army bomb in 1984 that killed his wife and left him buried under rubble for seven hours . enron pays wakeham $ 6 , 000 a month to advise the company on european business . enron ' s audit committee poses particular problems , according to corporate governance experts . the committee is composed of wakeham , mendelsohn , gramm , chan , robert jaedicke , a retired stanford university business school dean , and paulo ferraz pereira , a brazilian banker . wakeham , gramm and mendelsohn are not independent , according to corporate governance experts and standards . ` ` for the audit committee , you don ' t even want the appearance of a conflict , ' ' said charles drott , a forensic accountant who has testified as an expert witness in bankruptcy and business fraud cases involving companies such as delorean motor co . and lincoln savings and loan association . the committee is spread across the globe , with wakeham in london , ferraz in rio de janeiro and chan in hong kong . ` ` the question is why this committee ? ' ' drott asked . ` ` for a big sophisticated company like enron , why did they choose these people ? ' ' swift descent enron ' s rapid decline - - standard & poor ' s corp . slashed its credit rating eight levels this month to junk status - - centered on its dealings with partnerships the company used to move assets and debt off the company ' s books . many investors had complained enron ' s financial reports obscured the partnerships ' businesses to the point they were impossible to understand . enron ' s former chief financial officer andrew fastow led some of the partnerships and earned more than $ 30 million through their dealings with enron , the company disclosed . enron documents filed with the u . s . securities and exchange commission state that the board determined that fastow ' s participation in the partnerships would ` ` not adversely affect the interests of enron . ' ' the documents also say the board approved all transactions involving partnerships that were brought to it by lay and other enron executives . ` ` what went wrong at enron ? ' ' said patrick mcgurn , a vice president at institutional investor services , which evaluates board candidates for institutional investors . ` ` a lot of it goes back to the board . ' ' enron ' s indian lenders may take over power project ( update 2 ) 2001 - 11 - 29 08 : 32 ( new york ) enron ' s indian lenders may take over power project ( update 2 ) ( adds comment from idbi managing director in ninth paragraph , legal details starting in seventh paragraph . ) mumbai , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s indian lenders may take over its $ 3 billion power venture to salvage loans of $ 2 billion if the energy trader files for bankruptcy in the u . s . enron may be forced into the biggest chapter 11 reorganization in history after dynegy inc . walked away from a rescue . rating agencies cut most of enron ' s $ 15 billion of debt to junk status , and its shares are almost worthless . india ' s dabhol power co . , one of enron ' s biggest asian gas and power units , has been mired in accusations of bribery and exorbitant power tariffs . ` ` lenders will have to take control of the project , ' ' said madhav godbole , who headed a panel set up to resolve a payment dispute between dabhol power , enron ' s india unit , and the maharashtra state electricity board , its sole customer . ` ` buyers ( for dabhol ) will have to negotiate with the lenders . ' ' enron , which is owed $ 64 million for bills that are more than 10 months overdue , wants $ 1 billion for its 65 percent stake in dabhol as it exits india . tata power ltd . and bses ltd . , the two bidders for enron ' s stake , have said the price is too high . both supply power to mumbai , india ' s commercial capital . the industrial development bank of india , the country ' s biggest lender , and the state bank of india are among local lenders that loaned $ 1 . 4 billion to dabhol . they have the most at stake if the loans turn bad . the $ 600 million lent by abn amro , bank of america corp . and other overseas banks is covered by government guarantees , while indian bank loans are not . cancellation notice enron on may 19 issued a six - month notice canceling power sales to the electricity board . the deadline lapsed on nov . 19 as the mumbai high court early this month stopped dabhol from serving the final termination notice until dec . 3 . the court ' s move was in response to a suit filed by indian lenders against dabhol to prevent it from canceling the contract . they were concerned the loss - making electricity board will be forced to buy the power plant , making loan recovery difficult . ` ` the matter has become extremely interesting ( for india ) in the context of dynegy pulling out , ' ' idbi chairman p . p . vora told reporters at the lenders ' earnings meet . ` ` i can ' t say more as the matter is in the court . ' ' idbi alone has lent dabhol $ 400 million . indian lenders won ' t attend a dabhol board meeting or a summit of creditors , both of which are to be held in london tomorrow , vora said , without giving any reason . dabhol ' s board is meeting to authorize k . wade cline , managing director , to serve the termination notice . discount ? enron ' s stake in dabhol may now be worth much less than the $ 1 billion it is seeking . still , potential buyers may find it hard to raise the money they will need to finish work on the plant . construction contractors in june stopped work on expansion of the power plant because they hadn ' t been paid since april . the expansion , which was to add 1 , 444 megawatts of capacity to the existing 740 megawatt capacity , and a 5 million - tons - a - year liquefied natural gas receiving terminal , is 95 percent complete . ` ` buyers may get a good price but they need $ 500 million to complete the project , ' ' said pradyumna kaul , an activist who ' s campaigned against dabhol for eight years . ` ` that is a lot of money for a project that ' s in distress and whose credibility is at its lowest ' ' with enron on the verge of collapse . awaiting ` response ' bses managing director r . v . shahi said he ' s waiting for a ` ` response ' ' from the lenders on the future course of action . ` ` they came to us with ( the project ) and our action will depend on what their approach is . ' ' bses hasn ' t set a price it would pay for the project , shahi said . ` ` we ' ve not reached that stage yet . ' ' tata power officials weren ' t available for comment . ` ` the equity value ( of enron ) will go down , helping potential buyers , but that does not solve the basic problem , that of high - cost power , ' ' godbole said . ` ` all parties linked with the project will have to make sacrifices ' ' to reduce the cost of power . dabhol ' s power charges in 2000 rose as high as 7 . 1 rupees , or 15 u . s . cents , a kilowatt - hour , compared with other suppliers ' rates of about 2 . 81 rupees . that led the electricity board to default on bills , and in may it stopped buying power from dabhol , saying it was too expensive . enron was one of the first major companies to enter india after the country ' s economy opened up to foreign investment in 1991 . it was awarded the contract to build the power plant 100 miles south of mumbai without competitive bidding . plant construction was delayed for about two years after public interest groups filed lawsuits against the project , on the grounds its power was too expensive . a state government reworked the contract just five months after scrapping it , a move that sparked accusations of the company bribing politicians in return for the contract - - a charge denied by all parties . enron bankruptcy would be largest chapter 11 filing ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 29 08 : 46 ( new york ) enron bankruptcy would be largest chapter 11 filing ( updatel ) ( updating with instinet share price , dividend payment . ) washington , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . may file for bankruptcy protection in the biggest chapter 11 reorganization in history , forcing the largest u . s . energy trader to liquidate billions of dollars in assets to pay creditors . dynegy inc . yesterday abandoned its proposed merger with enron , leaving the houston - based company burdened with debt and the likelihood of insolvency . some analysts said bankruptcy is inevitable and may come as early as today . a bankruptcy filing by enron , which reported more than $ 61 billion in assets , would top texaco inc . ' s record $ 35 . 9 billion case filed in 1987 . under chapter 11 protection , enron officials could continue to control the company while negotiating a recovery plan with creditors . an ` ` automatic stay ' ' under u . s . bankruptcy law would block debt - collection efforts , lawsuits and other actions against the company . ` ` a chapter 11 filing can be a great thing for a cash - starved company being attacked from all sides , ' ' said nancy rapoport , dean of the university of houston law center . an enron bankruptcy would affect thousands of people including the company ' s 21 , 000 employees , its customers , suppliers , investors and other creditors . the court - supervised recovery process would give enron a chance to change strategies and fix mistakes . it might take years to complete and may end in the company ' s liquidation . in addition to its energy trading operation , enron operates a nationwide gas pipeline system spanning 25 , 000 miles . it also owns portland general electric , which generates and distributes power to about 725 , 000 customers in the pacific northwest . the company ' s enron broadband services is building a global fiber - optic communications network . ` witches brew ' chapter 11 reorganization lets companies abandon onerous contracts and unprofitable leases . ` ` every bad business deal enron got into they ' ll walk away from , ' ' said peter chapman , a distressed - debt investor who also publishes newsletters on high - profile bankruptcy reorganizations . the goal in chapter 11 is a recovery plan that allows a company to pay creditors and come out of bankruptcy . a plan typically must be approved by a majority of creditors representing two - thirds of a company ' s debts . then a company would ask a bankruptcy judge for final approval . the recovery plan divides a company ' s value among various classes of creditors . under a hierarchy set by the u . s . bankruptcy code , secured creditors - - those with collateral backing their claims - - are paid ahead of unsecured creditors , such as bondholders and suppliers . financial advisers to creditors and companies in large bankruptcies say a chapter 11 recovery plan for enron would be particularly difficult to produce . ` ` you have a host of intangible assets combined with a morass of contingent liabilities creating a potential witches ' brew of a bankruptcy , ' ' said jeff werbalowsky of houlihan lokey howard & zukin , an investment banking firm that has been contacted for advice by enron bondholders . enron ' s shareholders are likely to lose all of their investment in a chapter 11 case because they would be last in line to get paid . shares , the most active in pre - market trading on instinet , gained 2 cents to 63 cents after plunging 85 percent yesterday . the company ' s 6 . 4 percent notes that mature in 2006 were unchanged at about 22 cents on the dollar , traders said . at that price the notes yield 53 percent . enron said this morning it was evaluating whether it will pay a declared dividend . the company is scheduled to pay a 12 . 5 - cent quarter dividend on dec . 20 ` black hole ' for investors now considering buying enron ' s bonds and other debts , a major issue is the uncertainty surrounding the company ' s value . ` ` until the forensic accountants can get in there and sort things out you just don ' t know what enron ' s worth , ' ' said gary hindes , managing director of deltec asset management llc . ` ` it ' s a black hole . ' ' deltec has no investment in enron , hindes said . enron ' s bond prices reflect the uncertainty . the company ' s 6 . 4 percent bonds , which mature in 2006 , were quoted at 20 cents on the dollar , down from 53 cents tuesday . some recovery for enron creditors in a bankruptcy case may come from lawsuits , said russell a . belinsky , an investment banker with chanin capital partners , which also has been approached for advice by enron bondholders . ` ` there ' s a lot of juicy legal issues , ' ' said belinsky . potential targets include enron ' s accounting firm and its officers and directors , he said . liability dynegy might face some liability for canceling its purchase of enron . dynegy invoked terms of the buyout agreement that gave it the right to purchase an enron natural gas pipeline if the takeover fell apart . dynegy received the right to the pipeline in exchange for a $ 1 . 5 billion investment in enron by chevrontexaco corp . , which owns one - fourth of dynegy . enron might use bankruptcy to prevent dynegy from walking away from the buyout and claiming ownership to the pipeline . the dynegy acquisition , valued at $ 23 billion when it was proposed on nov . 9 , collapsed as bankers failed to raise the $ 1 . 5 billion enron needed to operate until the deal was completed . the lack of funds and a credit downgrade contributed to dynegy ' s decision . bankers led by j . p . morgan chase & co . vice chairman james b . lee tried for two weeks to raise the cash enron needed . investors turned them down because of heightened concern enron wouldn ' t be able to pay its debts . three credit - rating agencies yesterday cut enron ' s credit rating to junk status , triggering an acceleration of the company ' s debt obligations . unraveling enron ' s unraveling began in october after it said shareholders ' equity was reduced by $ 1 . 2 billion because of the way the company accounted for outside partnerships it created . the announcement prompted lawsuits and an investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission , and enron ended up restating earnings for almost five years . as shares plunged , enron ' s trading partners lost confidence the company would have the cash to pay bills . trading partners such as mirant corp . either demanded more collateral to trade or restricted trading with the company . ` ` the situation is dire , ' ' said deltec ' s hindes . ` ` no one ' s going to trade with enron right now because you could wind up being an unsecured creditor tomorrow . ' ' enron ' s derivatives debt doesn ' t reveal market risk , nyt says 2001 - 11 - 29 07 : 32 ( new york ) houston , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s derivatives trading liabilities at the end of september were $ 18 . 7 billion , although nobody is sure just how much money the energy - related derivatives markets will have at risk if enron fails , the new york times reported . while these liabilities , the amount of money it would owe to other market players if it filed for bankruptcy , were up ` ` slightly ' ' from june levels , they are about $ 1 . 3 billion less than at the end of last year , the paper said . the numbers don ' t take into account the unknown amount of collateral that enron may have posted , the paper said , citing swaps monitor president paul spraos . the collateral should , in principle , diminish enron ' s actual liabilities , he said . in an energy swap , a company enters into a contract to lock in a fixed price of a certain commodity , like natural gas or electricity . the other company assumes the risk of future price changes and quotes a fixed price that includes its own profit . ( nyt 11 - 29 c 7 ) for the web site of the new york times , see { nyti } . powergen says exposure to enron in u . s . , u . k . ` not material ' 2001 - 11 - 29 04 : 37 ( new york ) powergen says exposure to enron in u . s . , u . k . ` not material ' london , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - powergen plc , the u . k . electricity generator being bought by germany ' s e . on ag , said its exposure to enron corp . is ` ` not material . ' ' it declined to provide detail on its open trading positions with the company . powergen trades daily with in the u . s . and u . k . with enron , the largest u . s . energy trader , which said yesterday that it may file for bankruptcy protection after dynegy inc . abandoned its proposed merger with the company . ` ` enron is a regular trading partner of powergen in both the u . k . and the u . s . - - we do have some exposure , ' ' said spokesman jonathan smith . ` ` this exposure is managed within clearly defined risks . it ' s not material in the context of the overall size of powergen ' s operations . ' ' rwe ag , europe ' s fourth - biggest electricity company , said today that its open trading positions with enron corp . amount to ` ` much less ' ' than 10 million euros ( $ 8 . 9 million ) . enron ' s collapse evokes memories of old - time bank run , nyt says 2001 - 11 - 29 06 : 31 ( new york ) houston , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . was successful because the energy trading operation it created was largely an unregulated financial business and became something like a bank , which took depositors ' money and promised to pay it back , floyd norris wrote in his column in the new york times . when negotiations on dynegy inc . ' s revised takeover came down to efforts to find $ 250 million or $ 500 million of enron assets that could serve as collateral for a new dynegy cash advance , it became clear that even enron ' s rescuer was demanding collateral and having trouble finding it , the times reported . unlike banks , enron had no federal deposit insurance to reassure customers when rumors spread that it was in trouble , the paper reported . enron ' s collapse is a reminder for participants in unregulated markets that their financial health must be beyond doubt . unregulated markets can be very profitable for those with market knowledge , as enron seemed to have . yet , when prices are visible to all , the value of that knowledge falls . new regulation can bring more openness , though it also can bring structures , like clearing systems that reassure traders they need to worry about the credit of those with whom they trade , the paper said . ( nyt 11 - 29 al ) for the web site of the new york times , see { nyti } . rwe says open positions with enron ` much less ' than eul 0 mln 2001 - 11 - 29 03 : 13 ( new york ) rwe says open positions with enron ` much less ' than eul 0 mln essen , germany , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - rwe ag , europe ' s fourth - biggest electricity company , said its open trading positions with enron corp . amount to ` ` much less ' ' than 10 million euros ( $ 8 . 9 million ) . enron , the largest u . s . energy trader , said yesterday it may file for bankruptcy protection after dynegy inc . abandoned its proposed merger with the company . ` ` it ' s sad that we may lose such an important trader in the market , ' ' said ralf schaefer , a spokesman for rwe ' s trading business . ` ` but there will be no financial losses for rwe . ' ' essen , germany - based rwe has been building up its trading activities in the last three years and trades electricity , natural gas and coal . european utilities are seeking to profit from excess electricity output by selling it on the open market . enron soared on innovation , fell as debt scared away investors 2001 - 11 - 29 01 : 01 ( new york ) enron soared on innovation , fell as debt scared away investors houston , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - former enron corp . chief executive officer jeffrey skilling bragged last year that traditional energy companies such as exxon mobil corp . were doomed . in just two years , he built a business that dominated a $ 2 trillion market through trading energy , not producing it . today , enron is sliding toward bankruptcy , after dynegy inc . walked away from a takeover of its houston rival . credit rating companies reduced most of enron ' s $ 15 billion of debt to junk status . enron ' s shares are almost worthless and the securities and exchange commission is investigating the company ' s finances . chairman and ceo kenneth lay , a friend of president george w . bush who made the short list for secretary of energy , said he would ` ` work to retain ' ' the employees needed for trading and certain other businesses . enron employs 21 , 000 people . ` ` it ' s a disaster , ' ' said shareholder scott schermerhorn , fund manager with colonial management associates . ` ` bankruptcy is highly likely now . ' ' the same hubris reflected in skilling ' s boast paved the way for the company ' s disintegration , analysts said . enron asked shareholders to accept reports of 14 percent annual earnings growth , even as it used a bewildering series of outside partnerships to hedge risks and move assets and liabilities off its books . when accounting for those partnerships turned out to be wrong , investor confidence evaporated . standard & poor ' s , whose downgrade of enron ' s debt yesterday was part of the proposed sale ' s unraveling , removed the company from its index of 500 stocks . enron shares have lost more than 99 percent , or $ 45 billion in market value , making them the worst performer in the index this year . ` world ' s greatest company ' a sign at enron ' s headquarters calls it ` ` the world ' s greatest company , ' ' and for several years many investors agreed . enron ' s shares rose 50 percent in 1999 , 87 percent last year , and for most of 2001 were the most highly recommended analyst pick among s & p 500 companies . enron ' s high profile extended beyond wall street . the company accounted for a quarter of u . s . electricity and natural gas trades this year . lay attended a bush administration economic forum in january , and vice president richard cheney sought his advice on energy policy . enron , its political action committee and employees gave almost $ 2 . 5 million to federal candidates and political parties last year , with about 75 percent of the money going to republicans , according to campaign finance records . ` ` enron is aligned with all the texas energy exploration and production money , ' ' said glenn reynolds , an analyst at creditsights inc . ` ` they know how to do business . ' ' risky strategy in 1990 , lay hired skilling , who became a force behind the company ' s growth . he ripped away walls in enron ' s headquarters , built trading desks and transformed the company ' s regulated pipeline and utility units into a business that some analysts say resembles a hedge fund . enron reported 1999 profit of $ 893 million and $ 40 . 1 billion in revenue . that same year , enron expanded into water utilities , sewage treatment and trading space on fiber - optic telecommunication networks . shareholder lawsuits filed in the past month say those business were money losers from the start and that executives mislead investors about them . a junior executive in europe dreamed up an idea in 1999 for an internet trading site dealing paper , plastics and other commodities , in addition to the usual natural gas and electricity offerings . the site handled $ 50 billion in transactions in its first six months and more than $ 880 billion in trades in two years , 60 percent of the company ' s total . ` ` enron had a tremendous appetite for risk , ' ' said peter fusaro , president of global change associates , which did consulting for enron . ` ` they were the first in many markets , would take long - term contracts , they were just super - aggressive . they hired type - a mba ' s from the best schools who learned the energy business from scratch . ' ' investors in dark unknown by most investors , some of enron ' s increased revenue was coming from sales of power plants to enron - affiliated partnerships . those partnerships paid for the purchases by selling bonds that were guaranteed by enron . as a result , enron ' s books showed an increase in cash from the sales , and a decrease in debt associated with the plants . an enron restatement of finances earlier this month showed that as much as $ 3 . 9 billion , or about a quarter of enron ' s total long term debt , had been shifted from enron ' s books to affiliates . skilling quit the company in august . former enron chief financial officer andrew fastow was fired last month , after the company revealed that fastow had personally profited from transactions he conducted with enron partnerships . enron has said it ' s cooperating with an sec probe . when enron ' s market value was near its high in late 2000 and early this year , eight top enron executives , including lay and skilling , sold company stock for a total of $ 73 million . more than 20 securities lawsuits alleging illegal insider trading have been filed against the company . lay pledged to provide more information on enron ' s transactions , starting with the third - quarter earnings report . on oct . 16 , enron stunned analysts and investors with the disclosure of $ 1 . 01 billion in losses from investments in businesses outside the main trading operation , such as in fiber - optics ventures and the azurix water and sewage companies . ` ` now you have a bankrupt company , ' ' said rob plaza , an analyst at financial advisers morningstar who owns no enron shares . ` ` that is the smoke and mirrors of enron . ' ' centrica may have to write off $ 43 mln if enron fails ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 29 09 : 10 ( new york ) centrica may have to write off $ 43 mln if enron fails ( updatel ) ( adds detail on contracts in first paragraph , shares in fifth , background from sixth . ) london , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - centrica plc , the u . k . ' s dominant natural - gas supplier , may have to write off gas and electricity contracts worth 30 million pounds ( $ 43 million ) if enron corp . goes out of business . the company agreed to a 10 - year gas contract in 1998 with the u . s . energy trader , which may be forced into the biggest chapter 11 filing in history after dynegy inc . walked away from a rescue . enron supplies the u . k . company with more than 5 billion cubic meters of gas and an undisclosed amount of power . centrica ` ` is working to reduce its trading exposure to enron , ' ' it said in a regulatory news service statement . ` ` in the event enron defaults on its contractual obligations , we remain confident in our ability to supply all our customers . ' ' centrica , created in 1997 when it was spun off from british gas , still makes most sales from supplying the fuel to customers in the u . k . it meets about 20 percent of that demand with gas from its own fields and buys the rest from other companies . shares of the slough , england - based company fell as much as 4 . 25 pence , or 2 . 1 percent , to 202 . 75 . they ' ve lost a fifth of their value this year . enron shares are now almost worthless . enron provides gas to centrica at prices linked to the international petroleum exchange natural gas futures contract . last week , slough , england - based centrica agreed to pay 62 . 3 million pounds for stakes in five natural gas fields in the north sea to replace dwindling reserves . enron evaluating whether to pay quarterly dividend ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 29 08 : 44 ( new york ) enron evaluating whether to pay quarterly dividend ( updatel ) ( adds background on dynegy withdrawal in third paragraph . ) houston , nov . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , facing bankruptcy after dynegy inc . abandoned a buyout of the largest energy trader , said it is evaluating whether to pay dividends on its common and preferred stock next month . enron is scheduled to pay a quarterly dividend of 12 . 5 cents a share dec . 20 . dynegy yesterday withdrew its purchase offer , valued at about $ 23 billion in stock and assumed debt when announced nov . 9 , after bankers failed to raise $ 1 . 5 billion enron needed to operate until the acquisition was completed . credit - rating companies lowered enron ' s rating to junk . shares of enron fell $ 3 . 50 , or 85 percent , to 61 cents yesterday . they have fallen 99 percent this year . dynegy fell $ 4 . 92 , or 12 percent , to $ 35 . 97 . both companies are based in houston . 
2	Subject: system outage nomination impact , follow - up as of 10 : 00 am thursday pipeline reports indicate that all of our resubmitted nominations have been confirmed by the pipelines and our counterparties and will be scheduled correctly . these nominations were resubmitted on the first intraday cycle ( 6 : 00 pm on the day prior to flow ) . as a result i do not expect any monetary impact from yesterdays outage . i will keep you posted if anything further develops . bob superty x 30957 
2	Subject: cornhusker - gas management i thought it might be helpful to summarize the next steps we agreed are necessary to put a " gas agency " agreement in place between the texas desk and ponderosa pine energy , llc . mazowita and farmer to work with plant manager ( mike gough ) to determine : how power schedules are received from brazos and translated into fuel requirements the plant ' s operating flexibility to use fuel oil over natural gas how the use of fuel oil is built into the dispatch / operation decision the degree to which the plant has historically been involved with fuel suppliers beyond tgc ( i . e . , apache , williams , lone star ) mazowita and farmer to work with tgc ( nancy stivers ) to determine : how gas schedules are received from the plant why there were structural differences between the apache / williams fuel supply agreements and the tgc agency agreement tgc ' s experience with optimizing value under the fuel supply agreements farmer to determine if a " form agreement " is available within ena for transactions of this nature lyons / hill to determine ( a ) if there is a need to have the gas agency agreement at the project vs . holding company level and ( b ) if bank approvals are needed as a result of the new agreement lyons / mazowita / farmer to draft agency agreement griffith to determine the best means of handling " duel fuel " capability at the plant within ena as an aside , i passed the information that daren gave me in the meeting concerning the tax certificate for the use of fuel oil on to rhett jackson , who handled tax - related matters during the acquisition phase of this project . please keep me in the loop as these contacts are made and let me know how i can help . 
2	Subject: gigavolt sparks , ? , online doctors ! up to 70 % of the best pain killers out ! _ som @ , vioxx , v - ia - gra , fioriceet , phentremine and other popular meds . . valium , xan @ x _ , i @ lis , { http : / / www . immature 4319 pills . us / b 32 / - - dreamy , back and from , aboard , yet his premises , second , but lightened their , pyroelectric , temple of truth .  
2	Subject: re : vacation - march 2 , 3 , and 6 th have fun and enjoy yourself . you need the break after all of your international travels . rick leaves for london on the 6 th and will not return to the office until the 20 th . they are skiing the week of march 13 th . i will be in england from march 9 th and will return to the office on march 20 th . from : sally beck @ ect 02 / 29 / 2000 03 : 32 pm to : cliff baxter / hou / ect @ ect , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron cc : susan skarness / hou / ect @ ect , liz m taylor / hou / ect @ ect , sharron westbrook / corp / enron @ enron subject : vacation - march 2 , 3 , and 6 th i will be out of the office on vacation on thursday , friday and monday , march 2 , 3 , and 6 th . my assistant , patti thompson ( x 39106 ) will have telephone and fax numbers for the hotel where i will be staying . i will be at disneyworld with my family and 90 members of my daughter ' s high school drill team , so it is not likely that i will be available during the daytime . however , i can be contacted at the hotel in the evening , if needed . while i am out , please contact the following for any operational needs : brent price business controller for natural gas x 37647 kristin albrecht * business controller for power x 34763 * kristin will be in the office in the morning only on march 6 : she will be in route to portland in the afternoon . i will be back in the office on tuesday , march 7 . 
2	Subject: june 21 - 22 retail electricity conference dear workshop participant : i hope you will be able to join us for the conference on " retail participation in competitive power markets " to be held at the littlefield conference center , stanford university , on june 21 - 22 , 2001 . conference attire will be business casual . the meeting will begin on thursday morning , june 21 , at 9 : 00 a . m . and will conclude by 5 : 00 p . m . on friday , june 22 . a continental breakfast will be available in the meeting room each morning beginning at 8 : 30 a . m . please visit the " june 21 - 22 " meeting under for a description of the meeting and some information about hotels . please help us in our planning by using the form there to respond back to emf about your participation . we have listed potential participants and planned presentations based upon previous messages . please update me with any additional presentations or changes in existing presentations . i look forward to seeing you in june . in the interim , please do not hesitate to call me or email me if you have questions or suggestions regarding this workshop . hill huntington hillard g . huntington emf - an international forum on energy and environmental markets voice : ( 650 ) 723 - 1050 408 terman center fax : ( 650 ) 725 - 5362 stanford university email : hillh @ stanford . edu stanford , ca 94305 - 4026 emf website : http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / emf / 
2	Subject: re : your mail zhendong , dr . kaminski called me back telling me that he would like to have you as an intern student in his research department during the summer . please write him an email as soon as possible to introduce yourself and letting him know of your expected starting date and ending date . dr . kaminski ' s email address is vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com shi - jie deng assistant professor school of isye georgia institute of technology office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519 e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng 
2	Subject: eol data , july 16 , 2001 eol deals from : 7 / 1 / 2001 to : 7 / 16 / 2001 eol deals from : 7 / 1 / 2001 to : 7 / 16 / 2001 desk total mwh total deals desk total mwh total deals epmi long term california 1 , 587 , 400 97 epmi long term california 3 , 050 , 258 38 epmi long term northwest 1 , 584 , 225 71 epmi long term northwest 17 , 803 , 514 156 epmi long term southwest 2 , 501 , 350 174 epmi long term southwest 9 , 000 , 686 187 epmi short term california 512 , 224 722 epmi short term california 940 , 091 444 epmi short term northwest 270 , 400 492 epmi short term northwest 231 , 612 279 epmi short term southwest 515 , 400 551 epmi short term southwest 1 , 182 , 413 465 grand total 6 , 970 , 999 2 , 107 grand total 32 , 208 , 574 1 , 569 eol deals from : 7 / 16 / 2001 to : 7 / 16 / 2001 enpower from : 7 / 16 / 2001 to : 7 / 16 / 2001 desk total mwh total deals desk total mwh total deals epmi long term california 142 , 000 8 epmi long term california 154 , 338 9 epmi long term northwest 584 , 800 14 epmi long term northwest 10 , 337 , 320 24 epmi long term southwest 307 , 600 21 epmi long term southwest 1 , 738 , 290 33 epmi short term california 41 , 800 86 epmi short term california 65 , 024 50 epmi short term northwest 25 , 400 76 epmi short term northwest 16 , 936 37 epmi short term southwest 46 , 000 62 epmi short term southwest 77 , 848 49 grand total 1 , 147 , 600 267 grand total 12 , 389 , 756 202 ice volumes from : 7 / 16 / 2001 to : 7 / 16 / 2001 delivery point epmi mwh total mwh price mid c ( p , next day ) 2 , 400 800 $ 41 . 67 mid c ( p , augol ) 10 , 800 0 $ 77 . 00 mid c ( p , q 3 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 75 . 00 palo ( op , next day ) 1 , 600 400 $ 23 . 50 palo ( p , next day ) 2 , 400 0 $ 54 . 75 palo ( p , bal month ) 14 , 400 9 , 600 $ 34 . 75 palo ( p , augol ) 10 , 800 0 $ 80 . 25 palo ( p , q 4 01 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 57 . 00 palo ( p , sepol ) 9 , 600 0 $ 71 . 00 sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 800 0 $ 21 . 50 sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 9 , 600 0 $ 43 . 10 sp - 15 ( p , bal month ) 19 , 200 4 , 800 $ 56 . 00 sp - 15 ( op , q 4 01 ) 24 , 425 0 $ 36 . 00 sp - 15 ( p , q 4 01 ) 61 , 600 30 , 800 $ 55 . 50 np - 15 ( p , next day ) 400 0 $ 42 . 00 np - 15 ( p , q 4 01 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 64 . 00 grand total 260 , 425 46 , 400 $ 833 . 02 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 7 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; start date : 1 / 7 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010703 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 3 / preferred : 340 . 92 / final : 340 . 89 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 3 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 7 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: ( ) barrister ruben chizea ( esq ) pinetown , durban . south africa email : rubenchl @ yahoo . com attention : the president / ceo . i am barrister ruben chizea ( esq . ) , a solicitor financial attorney / consultant in durban , south africa . i was the personal attorney to late mr . donald hanson who was an expatriate mining consultant / contractor with the south african mining corporation . mr . donald hanson here - in - after referred as my client was also an oil contractor and my most valued client . mr . donald hanson made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for us $ 15 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( fifteen million us dollars only ) in december 1999 in a bank in south africa ( name withheld ) , with a standing statement / agreement with the bank that all correspondences in respect to the fixed deposit contract must be sent to him through my humble self . upon maturity , the routine notification was sent to me and i dispatched to his forwarding address as usual without any reply . after a month , i sent a reminder which i received from the bank without any reply again . finally , i discovered from my client ' s contract employers - that he died among many others in the kenya airways flight of 31 st january , 2000 that crashed into the atlantic ocean in abidjan , cote d ' ivoire . shortly , before his death , he had instructed me to prepare his will but without a named beneficiary yet . he had already signed the will and was contemplating on making his pet dog the beneficiary before he made a trip to cote d ' ivore which led to his death . on further investigations , i found out that he does not have any other attorney apart from me and that he had no other will apart from the one i prepared for him . all attempts to trace his next of kin or any relation was fruitless . i also discovered that mr . donald hanson did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents , including his fixed deposit contract with the bank in south africa . i am contacting you based on the official letter i just received from his bankers reminding me that south african law states that at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years the money will revert to the ownership of the south african government if i do not confirm the next of kin to claim the fund . consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to mr . donald hanson so that the fruits of this old man ' s labor will not go into the hands of some corrupt government officials . note that this transaction is simple and risk free because i will provide expert legal services that will guarantee the successful execution of this deal . i wish to point out that after the claims , i would want 20 % of this money to be shared among charity organizations , while the remaining 80 % is shared equally between us . most importantly , i would also require your assistance towards investing my share in your country or anywhere as you may advice . if you are interested , please contact me via my email below . upon your response , i shall provide you with more details and how we shall proceed with the claims . i expect you to observe utmost confidentiality and be rest assured that this transaction would be profitable for both of us . awaiting your urgent reply via my email : rubenchl @ yahoo . com thanks regards barrister ruben chizea ( esq . )  
2	Subject: greatest online prescripiton here nicaragua closure tuna want a prescription medication ? find it here ! we have all tablets you could possibly need ! you name it ! we have it ! stop receiving promotional material now rein legible aftermath cyclone forbid ovum kimberly  
2	Subject: impotence tolerancy info did your aunt tell you v * i . 0 , x ' x 25 m * g 3 o pil | s 72 . 5 o v * 1 ' a . g . r * a loo m . g 32 pllis 149 . oo c ' 1 . a , l * 1 . s 20 m , g lo pills 79 . oo 0 . r . d . e . r : http : / / coleman . newyorkmedz . com / ? wid  209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x , a * n * a ' x 1 m . g 30 pllls 79 . 0 o p . r , o , z ' a . c 2 o m . g 3 o pil | s 11 o . oo p ' a . x . 1 . l 2 o m * g 2 o pilis 155 . 0 o m . e ' r . i ' d ' i * a lo m ' g 3 o pllis 147 . oo confirm your adress marta gibson switchboardoperator m . s . s . asan exports , nagercoil , india phone : 112 - 179 - 1141 mobile : 944 - 541 - 7457 email : tcmwiprwdft @ free - online . net this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this freeware is a 01 year usage download notes : the contents of this info is for manipulation and should not be snippy squishy barricade glob drier time : fri , 11 feb 2005 15 : 58 : 42 + 0200 
2	Subject: fw : annuities for desk analysis in st - wserv book dear all , regarding the email i sent below , for deal # 442038 and # 442872 , they were originally entered in oct , 2000 for st - whourly book to receive annuity amount of $ 53 , 518 . 94 from saguaro and $ 172 , 518 . 16 from las vegas cogen respectively . however , they were supposed to be for st - wserv to receive those money because at that time , st - wserv book was not set up yet . these amounts had already gone through to st - whouly book in 11 / 30 / 00 p & l as pma . in jun 2001 , the deals were changed to st - wserv book but they were not actually picked up by settlement and risk ( as the deals have already liquidated , i . e . , strip dates are passed ) . in order to reflect the change in desk , we need to put in two annuities today : # 683673 - st - wserv sell to st - whourly for $ 53 , 518 . 94 # 683684 - st - wserv sell to st - whourly for $ 172 , 518 . 16 these amounts will be showing up in 7 / 12 p chang , fran ; rawson , lester ; foster , chris h . ; clemons , amy ; confer , mark subject : re : annuities for desk analysis in st - wserv book [ i have sent out this email earlier but i needed to revise it so i recalled it . for those of you who received the earlier version , please just discard it . ] hi godfrey , i would like to summarize our discussion on those deals we have had questions about ( as described in the previous emails ) , in terms of when and how they will be come through or corrected in the coming future . please review and let me know if they are not correct : 1 . # 442038 - the change in the annuity amount of $ 4 , 706 . 28 ( from $ 53 , 518 . 94 to $ 48 , 812 . 66 ) will be coming through in june desk analysis (  pma at the end of july ) as an outflow to st - wserv book . chris and les - i will put in a new annuity deal for the amount of $ 53 , 518 . 94 for st - wserv book sell to st - whourly to reflect the change in desk ( from st - whourly to st - wserv ) of the deal ; the desk change made on 4 / 17 was not picked up by settlement as they were not informed . with the adjustment , the net effect of $ 48 , 812 . 66 will be given back to wserv . 2 . # 584331 - it will come through in june desk analysis 3 . # 600480 & # 595779 - since these are interdesk deals , we will take care of it by entering two new annuity deals today ( # 680210 & # 680220 ) . they were not picked up by settlement as pma when they were entered on 5 / 2 & 4 / 29 because they were interdesk deals . 4 . # 598971 ( leg 1 - 5 ) - they will show up in july desk analysis (  pma at the end of august ) 5 . # 442872 - the change in the annuity amount of $ 126 , 542 . 87 ( from $ 172 , 518 . 16 to $ 45 , 975 . 29 ) will be coming through in jun desk analysis as an outflow to st - wserv book . again , the change in desk ( from st - whouly to st - wserv ) will then be reflected by a new annutiy deal for $ 172 , 518 . 16 with st - wserv sell to st - whouly . 6 . # 666350 & # 666351 - they will show up in june desk analysis (  pma at the end of july ) please feel free to correct or add anything to the above information . thanks , samantha 503 . 464 . 7248 
2	Subject: revised nomination - cody energy daren , i received a revised nomination from cody energy requesting volume be adjusted from 5 , 500 / d to 6 , 000 / d at meter 6722 effective 6 / 15 / 00 . do you want me to adjust ? please advise . thanks . bob 
2	Subject: re : letter sent to the iso on creditworthiness this article appears to be addressing the letter sent by steve hall , via the iep , to the caiso . its good reading . - kit published thursday , august 16 , 2001 group questions power payments power crisis by mike taugher contra costa times an industry trade group asked market officials on wednesday why they have failed to pay more than $ 1 billion for power sold during april and may . " for some reason , the money is not getting from the ratepayers to the generators , " said jan smutny - jones , director of the independent energy producers association . " our hope is that this is a temporary misunderstanding . " part of the answer , officials said , is that the state ' s power - buying agency is refusing to pay its bills in full until it gets more information about who ultimately receives the cash . compounding the problem is the fact that when the may bills began coming due earlier this month , some market participants who were owed money from previous months credited their own accounts instead of paying in full , according to the independent system operator . that left the iso less able to pay its may bills , said iso president and ceo terry winter in a written statement . " the iso acknowledges that past debt is due , " winter said in the statement . winter said the iso would respond more fully to address questions about the underpayments by friday . but in response to the iep letter , he demanded that market participants quit crediting their own bills . the iso runs the spot markets in california . buyers and sellers make their bids through the iso , which sets the market price based on those bids , collects payments from the buyers and divvies them up to the sellers . the issue came to a head wednesday when the iep sent a letter to the iso , demanding to know why generators were not paid in full for electricity sold in april and may . smutny - jones said estimates of unpaid amounts during that period ranged around $ 1 . 2 billion . in early april , federal regulations went into effect that essentially barred the financially broke utilities from buying power in the iso market . that forced the state department of water resources , which began buying electricity in january , to pick up the entire unmet need of the utilities ' customers . dwr spokesman oscar hidalgo said that the state is required to compile certain information about bills it pays before it pays them . " we haven ' t been given what we feel is an adequate accounting of what we ' re going to be paid for , " hidalgo said . " we are working with the iso to see how we can get some of that information that we ' re not getting . " iso spokesman gregg fishman said his agency is working with the water department , but that market tariffs require that some information be kept confidential . " we can ' t tell one market participant what another market participant is doing , " fishman said . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hall , steve c . sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 3 : 55 pm to : belden , tim ; yoder , christian ; o ' neil , murray p . ; foster , chris h . ; williams iii , bill ; stokley , chris ; blair , kit subject : fw : letter sent to the iso on creditworthiness iep decided to send our letter to the iso inquiring about the creditworthiness of certain scs , like cdwr . let ' s see what happens . steve - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mara , susan sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 2 : 32 pm to : hall , steve c . subject : fw : letter sent to the iso on creditworthiness - - - - - original message - - - - - from : katie kaplan [ mailto : kaplan @ iepa . com ] sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 11 : 11 am to : alan comnes ( e - mail ) ; bill woods ( e - mail ) ; bob ellery ( e - mail ) ; brian t . cragg ( e - mail ) ; carolyn a baker ( e - mail ) ; curtis hatton ( e - mail ) ; curtis kebler ( e - mail ) ; parquet , david ; ' dean nistetter ' ; douglas kerner ( e - mail ) ; duane nelsen ( e - mail ) ; ' ed wheless ' ; eric eisenman ( e - mail ) ; george vaughn ( e - mail ) ; greg blue ( e - mail ) ; jack pigott ( e - mail ) ; ' joann van buren ' ; joe ronan ( e - mail ) ; john g . larrea ( e - mail ) ; ken hoffman ( e - mail ) ; kent palmerton ( e - mail ) ; fillinger , mark ; mark j . smith ( e - mail ) ; marty mcfadden ( e - mail ) ; nam nguyen ( e - mail ) ; ' rachel king ' ; randall j . hickok ( e - mail ) ; roger pelote ( e - mail ) ; ross ain ( e - mail ) ; scott sadler ( e - mail ) ; steve ponder ( e - mail ) ; steve schleimer ( e - mail ) ; susan j mara ( e - mail ) ; tom hartman ( e - mail ) ; ward scobee ( e - mail ) ; william hall ( e - mail ) cc : andy brown ( e - mail ) ; ' carol hudson ( e - mail ) ' ; ' jan smutny - jones ( e - mail ) ' ; jean munoz ( e - mail ) ; ' katie kaplan ( e - mail ) ' ; sandra moseley ( e - mail ) ; ' steven kelly ( e - mail ) ' ; thomas r . mcmorrow ( e - mail ) subject : letter sent to the iso on creditworthiness greetings : attached please find the final letter sent to the iso on creditworthiness . thank you to all who provided input and feedback on the letter . thanks , katie kaplan manager of state policy affairs independent energy producers association ( 916 ) 448 - 9499 
2	Subject: re : pharmacist confirmation ( cialis ) 7304001 mon , 14 feb 2005 23 : 06 : 37 - 0600 tired of costly doctor visits ? you can save seventy percent on your cialis online with our offshore pharmacy ! we are one of the number one distributors of cialis world wide . click here to start saving on cialis ! with our online pharmacy you can save thousands of dollars each year on costly medications . we have almost any medication you would need from : xanax to valuim ambien to ativan cialis to viagra vicodin to hydrocodone no prescriptions required . shop our pharmacy to start saving today . visit our full pharmacy by clicking right here ! ! or check out our exclusive specials right here ! ! regards , dr . dustin dick box 40937 - dallas , texas 76155 - usa med no . 92935 - 24 remove options : http : / / run . integritypharm . com / w . php dandy withdrawal choctaw mind caesar enter 
2	Subject: re : worldpower mark , i agree with you . they do not seem to have the market penetration we need . the benefits don ' t justify the expense . i shall notify them . vince mark palmer @ enron 01 / 21 / 2000 08 : 22 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : worldpower i think we should decline . mark 
2	Subject: clear benefits of creative design lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwheiminq ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstanding website wili make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a ioqo your company wiil automaticaily become a worid leader : it isquite ciear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: better stock performance from otc helpiine yap international , inc . ( otc - ypil ) voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product . current price : $ . 12 watch this stock monday ! some of these littie voip stocks have been really moving lately . and when some of them move , they realiy go . . . gains of 10 o % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! * yap international inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consuiting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzerland . under the terms of the agreement sts wiil assist yap internationa | in accessing both equity and debt capita | for the purpose of advancing the company ’ s business pian reiating to its proprietary voip technoiogy . as a result of the agreement with sts , yap internationa | is targeting a us do | | ar 500 , 0 oo bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof . funds for the bridge faciiity will primarily be applied to rights payments and the assembiy of the additiona | equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercia | contracts . a mammoth gain of astronomical proportions very quickly . that ' s what can happen with these smail cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wiil ypil join the ranks of stellar performers ? about the company : yap international , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company pians on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 bi | | ion telephones worldwide , but specifically , the internationa | cailing market as it pertains to foreign - born residents living in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cabie , sate | | ite , and has wireless capabiiities . the company ' s administrative offices are located in vancouver , bc and saies offices in los angeles , ca . * yap international revealed a unique and patent pending technoiogy marketed as the nomad , or the yap internationa | personal gateway . * yap internationa | announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technoiogy products . yap international announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company ’ s distributor for voip products and services in centra | and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exciusive contractua | agreement with the second | argest carrier in the region for 200 , 0 oo voip units to be depioyed throughout guatemaia in 2 oo 5 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , 00 o , 00 o and yap internationa | expects that its products wiil comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is also the exciusive representative for leve | 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in central america . * yap internationa | announced the appointment of dr . viadimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ’ s chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ura | state university and has completed 2 separate master of science degrees in genera | programming / data base management and the physics of eiectromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectiveiy . dr . karpenkov ‘ s diverse background aiso includes direct involvement in the deveiopment of proprietary technoiogies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first celluiar phone network for the city of chelyabinsk , russia which was developed by dr , karpenkov in partnership with miliiken gmbh of germany and radio teiephone inc . of russia . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go ypil information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currently avaiiabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ypil ’ s actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - online com when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to investing . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the pubiisher of this report believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 22 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: allas , plnnacle system , apple , corel , nero , ado 0 be from $ 20 each . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; start date : 1 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010506 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 6 / preferred : 35 . 75 / final : 35 . 72 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 2 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 5 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: tw bullets 12 / 1 pipeline operations - as of december , 1 tw is back to scheduling over 1 , 054 , 000 mmbtu / d to the california border . the preliminary indication on the corrosion dig - outs that occurred this week is the pipe appears to be ok but the final call will come from max brown ' s office shortly . gas inventory sale - in preparation for the corrosion dig - outs this week , we assisted operations in relieving some line pressure by selling gas inventory at the cal border pool . we sold 10 , 000 mmbtu for gas day 11 / 30 at $ 14 . 00 / mmbtu . expired rofr ' s - two contract rofr notifications expired this week ( 11 / 30 / 2000 ) . both of these contracts will terminate next year 11 / 30 / 2001 . burlington has 15 , 000 mmbtu / d from ignacio to blanco and pg & e has 20 , 000 mmbtu / d from blanco to eot . park n ride - eprime signed a 50 , 000 mmbtu / d park and ride agreement effective 12 / 01 / 2000 . current posted rates are at max of . 3883 . invoices are going out next week . 
2	Subject: governor announces qf agreement and schedule for final resolution louise , california is proposing to buy qf energy / capacity for $ 79 for 5 years or $ 69 for ten years . we will re - run the economics of ace today . chris - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christopher f calger / pdx / ect on 03 / 21 / 2001 10 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - christopher f calger 03 / 21 / 2001 07 : 45 am to : cc : subject : fw : eix , pcg : governor announces qf agreement and schedule for final resolution guys , this looks real positive for a qf resolution . do we know the proposed pricing terms and the impact on the ace valuation ? any news from ahlstrom ? chris - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christopher f calger / pdx / ect on 03 / 21 / 2001 07 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : chip schneider / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 21 / 2001 08 : 40 am cst to : michael tribolet / enron @ enronxgate , william s bradford / enron @ enronxgate , james d steffes / na / enron @ enron , alan comnes / pdx / ect @ ect , christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , w david duran / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fw : eix , pcg : governor announces qf agreement and schedule for final resolution - - - - - original message - - - - - from : paul patterson @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - paul + 20 patterson + 20 + 3 cpaul + 5 fpatterson + 40 xmr 3 + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , march 21 , 2001 7 : 21 am to : schneider , chip subject : eix , pcg : governor announces qf agreement and schedule for final resolution credit suisse first boston paul patterson good morning , here are the recent developments in the california power crisis : - yesterday , governor davis gave a press conference to announce a qf agreement that would ensure future utility payments and possibly deter involuntary bankruptcy filings by certain qfs . a cpuc order on long - term qf contracts is expected next tuesday . - corroborating the governor ' s announcement , edison international and pg & e corp each announced yesterday that it reached agreement with the qfs for payment of future deliveries . - the governor laid out a schedule that targets a final resolution to the utilities ' final crisis by mid - april . on april 3 , the cpuc is expected to issue an order on dwr cost recovery . a final settlement for the utilities is anticipated 10 - 15 days afterwards . - significantly , the governor expects that ( 1 ) the final settlement will occur within the existing rate structure , and ( 2 ) that the dwr will recover its costs with priority over the qfs and utilities . - the achievement of a qf agreement may make potential bankruptcy appear more remote and therefore support the stocks in the near - term . however , we believe that substantially more effort will be required to resolve the utilities ' financial crisis . we recommend that investors avoid eix ( $ 12 . 04 , hold ) and pcg ( $ 11 . 40 , hold ) , unless they have a high tolerance for risk and volatility . please call us with any questions you may have . regards , paul patterson , 212 - 325 - 5876 neil stein , 212 - 325 - 4217 wen - wen chen , 212 - 538 - 0223 emily lao chua , 212 - 325 - 1982 if you would prefer not to receive further messages from this sender , please click on the following link and confirm your request : you will receive one additional e - mail message confirming your removal . - pppo 32101 . pdf 
2	Subject: re : estimating tail of distribution and additional risk measures naveen , the " analytical var " approach is working for equity portfolio . it gives us the tool to examine the tails ' behavior for this portfolio and calculate " expected tail loss " . the same should be done for commodities portfolio as well . meanwhile , as we discussed , we can give some rough estimates of the losses corresponding to percentiles other than 5 th . look at the figure below . you can see var numbers for 5 % , 1 % , 0 . 5 % and 0 . 1 % calculated with 1 ) simulations ( 100 thousand simulations ) ; 2 ) analytical var ( gamma - delta positions representation ) 1 ) and 2 ) are very close because there are not many options in equity portfolio . 3 ) simulations ( 1000 simulations ) to calculate 5 % var . then in order to approximately estimate var for 1 % , 0 . 5 % and 0 . 1 % i scaled 5 % var with factors corresponding to normal distribution ( for example : norminv ( 0 . 001 , 0 , 1 ) / norminv ( 0 . 05 , 0 , 1 ) for 0 . 1 % ) . the result of such extrapolation in this case is quite good ( just 5 % different from the correct number ) . we probably can use such rough estimates of tail for commodities portfolio until we have proper methods implemented . tanya tamarchenko 02 / 28 / 2001 01 : 17 pm to : wenyao jia / hou / ect , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : " analytical " var implementation in risktrac debbie , i am forwarding to you a 2 page document describing implementation of " analytical " var in risktrac . here is why this effort is very important : 1 . we need to calculate var for other percentile but 5 ( 1 % or even 0 . 2 % as mentioned by rick buy ) and our simulation model can not handle required number of simulations ; 2 . we need to present additional risk measures ( such as mean tail loss ) to the board . the analytical approach is implemented in a spreadsheet and fully tested already so there will be no problems with the algorithm itself . we need to get together and discuss it implementation . what do you think ? tanya 
2	Subject: stop paying full prce for your software we have a | | your favor ! te programs at ! ncred ! bly low prices bundle 1 : windows x . p pro + office x . p pro for as low as 8 o $ need a new p ' c bundie 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2 oo 4 + fiash mx 2 oo 4 - loo doilars your computer deserves the best bundle 3 : adobe photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , iilustrator 10 - 12 o dollars more | nformatlon the offer is vaiid untill february 17 th stock is | ! mlted meet you soon roberta james pediatrician biosi informatics , albuquerque , 87111 , united states of america phone : 918 - 148 - 3377 mobile : 417 - 646 - 1421 email : odwexcjnuls @ building . com this is a confirmation message this file is a 54 month definite shareware notes : the contents of this message is for comprehension and should not be programmer oersted algorithm trigonometry downpour time : thu , 27 jan 2005 00 : 08 : 31 - 0800 
2	Subject: hpl noms for june 24 thru 26 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 624 . xls ) - hplo 624 . xls 
2	Subject: equistar 5 / 01 daren : please extend equistar deal 759684 for the entire month of may . we have 111 mmbtu that we need to allocate to the buyback on 5 / 15 . the deal only goes to the 11 th . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: gisb contracts for intrastate and interstate gas at the request of lynn handlin , please find attached a copy of the following : gisb contract form special provisions for intrastate gas special provision for interstate gas please review , and if interested in putting these contracts in place , forward to me all required information on the first page of the gisb contract form . i will then have the contracts prepared and forwarded to you for execution . please keep in mind that txu fuel company is an intrastate pipeline and can purchase interstate gas only under certain limited conditions . these conditions are covered under item number 8 in the special provisions . thanks . keith ford txu fuel company contract administration supervisor ( see attached file : gisb form - final . doc ) ( see attached file : gisb spec prov - intra - final . doc ) ( see attached file : gisb spec prov - inter - final . doc ) - gisb form - final . doc - gisb spec prov - intra - final . doc - gisb spec prov - inter - final . doc 
2	Subject: re : dolores please , register me for a session on 9 / 29 / 2000 at 12 : 45 . vince kaminski celeste roberts 08 / 29 / 2000 06 : 21 pm to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect ) subject : urgent the associate and analyst recruiting department will be conducting a number of two hour workshops to review our recruiting and interview process for the fall on - campus recruiting effort . critical information regarding our on - campus interview process , revised evaluation forms and program structure will be reviewed during these two hours sessions . it is mandatory that all team members attend these workshops . all team members must attend in order to articulate and demonstrate the enron recruiting process . knowing how busy schedules are , we have made arrangements to present these workshops in two hours sessions for a total of 40 workshops that will run during the last week of august , through the month of september and end at mid october . listed below are the dates , location and times for each session . please select a date and time and e - mail this information to my assistant , dolores muzzy . we can accommodate 25 participants at a time . dolores will take dates and times on a first come , first serve basis . we have scheduled enough sessions to accommodate every member of both the associate and analyst recruiting teams . in order to participate in the recruiting process , you must attend one of these sessions . we will be tracking participation . cpe credits will also be given for attending this workshop . 
2	Subject: new love tabs shop . visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , ciaiis , softtabs and many other iove enhancers all in one ! operative support , fast shipping , secure payment processing and complete confidentiaiity ! ciick here to find your verified by bbb and approved by visa love pil 1 !  
2	Subject: this is an adult dating site ! join and meet women for free ! ! ! hey , i ' ve been looking for months and just found this amazing adult dating spot . real women and men in your area looking for discreet encounters , no strings attached . it can ' t get easier then this to get a little action . just log into the site , and enjoy live sex chat with real singles , search for an encounter in your area , it is that easy . best of all it costs nothing to try it out ! i guarantee you meet someone . . . have an encounter now http : / / www . shyandnot . com / extra / reggreat 2 comrade culbertson comply hi hostelry algiers thermo introversion craggy convertible thither sown command hoosier quitting menlo flog rabid whom davit bolster zilch exemplar aromatic agree aide simultaneous bake locknut  
2	Subject: energy extravaganza - 2 weeks away ! energy extravaganza is just two weeks away - saturday , may 6 , 2000 ! if you haven ' t bought your ticket or asked your company to sponsor a table , do so and let us know . there are still spots available for both , and you won ' t want to miss this exciting evening ! there will be magic , dinner , dancing and some wonderful silent auction items for the taking ! bid on condos in maui , lake tahoe and a log home in angelfire ! there will be golf and hunting packages , sports memorabilia , and pamper packages for your significant other ! there are still a limited number of raffle tickets left for a chance at that new 2000 harley davidson 1200 custom sportster , so call the hea office if you would like to buy one or to purchase your gala tickets . don ' t delay - we want to see you there ! this message was sent by : teresa knight , executive director houston energy association ( hea ) phone : ( 713 ) 651 - 0551 fax : ( 713 ) 659 - 6424 tknight @ houstonenergy . org if you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list , please click the link below to the hea home page , where you will find a mini - form to remove your name automatically . http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / 
2	Subject: fully functional , unrestricted copy of the software . get more results with less efforts . any software backups for lowest pricest . when books are burned in the end people will be burned too . any plan is bad which is incapable of modification . 
2	Subject: extending refinances with options . the mort . . gage rates our company offers you are the lowest in 40 years ! if it is hard for you to believe this , visit our site now and see it for yourself . there are absolutely no obligations and no commitments you have to make in order to benefit from our service . by using our fast , professional service , you will have the chance to be connected professional brokers and lenders who need your business . please fill the application below : it takes 30 seconds only ! http : / / nineteenshots . com / realtor / enjoy and have a nice day ! michael rickards no more ? http : / / nineteenshots . com / no / 
2	Subject: confirmation of meeting vince : thanks for introducing me as a speaker at the power 2000 conference . as per our conversation , please find enclosed my resume . i will come to your office at 1 : 30 pm , friday , may 12 , 2000 . please let me know if the dress code is casual or formal . thanks again for taking the time to talk to me regarding opportunities at enron . > sanjeev k khanna , m . sc . , p . eng . director , quantitative risk management pg & e energy trading 1100 louisina street , # 1000 houston , tx 77094 email : sanjeev . khanna @ et . pge . com tel : ( 713 ) 371 6647 , pager 800 - 526 - 4095 , cell ( 281 ) 302 - 8468 pg & e energy trading and any other company referenced herein which uses the pg & e name or logo are not the same company as pacific gas and electric company , the california utility . these companies are not regulated by the california public utilities commission , and customers do not have to buy products from these companies in order to continue to receive quality regulated services from the utility . - . doc 
2	Subject: re : mpr for 6 / 20 / 00 mr . hall , i have just reviewed the merchant portfolio summary for 6 / 20 and have the following questions : 1 ) calme shows an asset of $ 291 . 9 mm and apachi shows an asset of $ 113 . 0 mm and they show no p & l for the year is this possible in a world of changing interest rates and equity premiums and commodity prices ? 2 ) india recently invested in an ipo ( rediff . com ) for which there was a simultaneous dash to buy and sell ( sounds like a merchant deal ) . where does this show up ? 3 ) there are several bonds ( publicly traded , registrered securities , housed in our prime broker accounts ) owned by various enron entities that i do not believe are on the dpr . shouldn ' t they be ? and if so , who is deciding not to include ? pls advise at your earliest convenience as you always do . thanks ted from : d todd hall 06 / 21 / 2000 01 : 16 pm to : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , andrea v reed / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , carol jean marshall / hou / ect @ ect , raymond bowen / hou / ect @ ect , jeff skilling / corp / enron @ enron , jeff donahue / hou / ect @ ect , l ' sheryl hudson / hou / ect @ ect , monica reasoner / hou / ect @ ect , hope vargas / hou / ect @ ect , adarsh vakharia / hou / ect @ ect , joseph w sutton @ enron , michael s galvan / hou / ect @ ect , maria lebeau / hou / ect @ ect , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , mark frevert / na / enron @ enron , thomas myers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : mpr for 6 / 20 / 00 
2	Subject: emtk enters the high - growth chinese 3 g wireless market atn enterprises p . o . box 2345 bonita springs , fl 34133  
2	Subject: claim your complimentary new playstation 2  
2	Subject: 17 mln us businesses on cd + + we offer a product that will let you develop a customer base for your business in no time . we have compiled information over the internet on every us business . one single cd contains data on 12 million us companies - sorted by yellow pages categories and sic codes . accuracy ? freshness ? we have sold thousands of cds , and haven ' t had one complaint . we are committed to deliver the best quality data that is highly rewarding to your business . how ? - fill out your address book with every company related to your business . - select companies within your area , or across the whole usa . - create a web site - just put our data in html format . - thinking big ? create your own complete usa yellow pages web site . - compare and update your old database with our cd . keep it fresh . - promote your products and services , send out your brochures and catalogs . there are endless possibilities how to use the cd . as a bonus we include complete information on 5 mln us domain names owners with email addresses from whois databases . each record contains the following data : domain name , company name , registrant name , registrant email , registrant address , phone and fax numbers . the cd comes with the software that allows you to import data into your database in 1 - 2 - 3 easy steps . unlimited usage , no restrictions on importing data into your database . format : ascii comma separated " , " the price is $ 349 . 00 only ! ! ! free shipping . same day shipping . we are accepting credit card or check orders . call us to place the order , or complete the form below , print and fax the form , or mail it to the address below . order line : 1 - 786 - 258 - 2394 via fax : 1 - 954 - 563 - 6949 or mail to : 0 - 0 datanetwork 2805 e . oakland park blvd . , # 406 fort lauderdale , fl 33306 usa * * * please copy and paste form order , fill out , print , sign , and mail or fax to us . please send me " us businesses overseas [ ] ; c . o . d . [ ] . * total order : $ * i authorize " 0 - 0 datanetwork " to charge my credit card for ' us businesses & us domains cd ' in the amount of $ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ . * date : * signature : * name as appears on card : * billing address : * city , state & postal code : we apologize if this message was intrusive . we guarantee you will never again hear from us . just click here to be removed remove or reply back with subject remove . thank you . * * * 
2	Subject: best product for 2002 copy dvd movies ? yes ! copy and burn your own dvd movies and video with a cd - r drive . * order by september 21 , 2002 , and receive the following free gifts ! 1 . " free dvd movie of your choice ( $ 20 . 00 value ) 2 . cell phone battery booster ( $ 19 . 95 value ) own all the dvd ' s you ' ve always wanted and start burning today ! . click here now !  
2	Subject: re : meter 1459 , 6 / 00 yep , you ' re right , except it ' s out there for june 1999 . please let me know . i ' ll be out tomorrow , if you get this done then , let carlos know and he can get it set up in pops . aimee daren j farmer 07 / 13 / 2000 01 : 16 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter 1459 , 6 / 00 deal 77352 is already out there for june . d aimee lannou 07 / 12 / 2000 02 : 00 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 1459 , 6 / 00 daren - i need a deal set up for meter 1459 for june ' 00 . it flowed 34 / day 6 / 1 - 6 / 6 . the last deal number used was 77352 for ena . please let me know when this is set up . thanks , aimee 
2	Subject: have you got the new mlcrosoft software wed , 01 dec 2004 19 : 08 : 42 - 0500  
2	Subject:  do you want a cheap rolex watch ? http : / / zqt . beud . com / r / giggles /  
2	Subject: to your health - a guide to online pharmacies , drugs , and sexual well - being . get brand name drugs at wholesale pricing , next day shipping right to your door step . trust yourself . you know more than you think you do . above all , try something . it ' s a poor sort of memory that only works backward . 
2	Subject: paliourg office xp - $ 60 top quality software : special offer # 1 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional  only $ 80 special offer # 2 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  only $ 120 special offer # 3 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  only $ 100 also : windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows 2000 advanced server windows 2000 datacenter windows nt 4 . 0 windows millenium windows 98 second edition windows 95 office xp professional office 2000 office 97 ms plus ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms money 2004 ms streets and trips 2004 ms works 7 ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop adobe pagemaker adobe illustrator adobe acrobat 6 professional adobe premiere macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 corel draw graphics suite 12 corel draw graphics suite 11 corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 norton system works 2003 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage enter here ? 2 n 47 a 3 zvjc 9 xk 2 ykinesicipaliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr " > or un * su * bs * cr * ibe  
2	Subject: enron net works it is becoming increasingly clear that the development of ecommerce will have a significant and continuing impact on the conduct of business in a broad array of industries . through enrononline , enron has quickly become a major catalyst for the transition to the web in the gas and electric industries . enrononline has been an enormous success since its launch . since launch , we have completed 67 , 043 transactions on line , with a total dollar value of over $ 25 billion . enrononline is now the largest ecommerce site in the world . we believe that the competitive success of enrononline is due to one very specific reason . in addition to providing a web - based platform for transactions , enron acts as principal to provide direct liquidity to the site . we stand ready at all times , in any market conditions , to buy and sell at the posted price . this converts a  & bulletin board  8 ( the more typical ecommerce concept ) into a true market . there are very few , if any , competitors that can provide this capability . we are increasingly convinced that this competitive advantage can be dramatically expanded to other products and other geographies . if we are correct , this could provide an enormous new opportunity for growth for enron . accordingly , we are initiating a major new effort to capture this opportunity . effective today we are creating a new business , enron net works , to pursue new market development opportunities in ecommerce across a broad range of industries . it is likely that this business will ultimately be our fifth business segment , joining transmission mike mcconnell , chief operating officer ; and jeff mcmahon , chief commercial officer . these individuals will comprise the office of the chairman for enron net works and remain on the executive committee of enron corp . replacing greg whalley as president and chief operating officer of enron north america is dave delainey , who will also join enron  , s executive committee . global technology will remain intact but will now be a part of enron net works . it will maintain all of the same businesses and services as it did as an enron global function . philippe bibi will remain the chief technology officer for all of enron corp . and continues to be responsible for the development of worldwide technology standards and platforms . enrononline , headed by louise kitchen , will also remain intact and will now be a part of enron net works . the success of enrononline enables us to utilize this site as a model as we explore other markets . in addition , the following individuals are included in enron net works along with their current ecommerce initiatives : harry arora , public financial securities ; jay fitzgerald , new markets identification ; bruce garner , metals ; and greg piper , pulp and paper . over the next several weeks we will complete staffing and organizational design and will provide full details on this exciting new business opportunity . 
2	Subject: relax your muscle with the world ' s smallest massager introducing the world ' s smallest wireless massager this fda approved product can release pain and muscle soar , tighten skin , give you a younger look . the technology is based on ancient chinese accupuncture techniques . this device is ultra compact , take it anywhere , also its fun to use , enjoy the effortless exercises . for more information : for future mailing options : a job applicant challenged the interviewer to an arm wrestle .  
2	Subject: mitsubishi turbines louise , i spoke with ben and he and i are in agreement . we would be prepared to take the mitsubishis into the ea turbine portfolio at cost . because they are off - balance sheet and interest gets capitalized , we think it makes sense to take a quarterly reserve approximating the actual interest charges . in the event a turbine is " flipped " , east , west and south share in the total gain . we could establish upfront a transfer price , say cost + $ 3 mm , for transfers into a project . with everyone sharing in the pain and the gain , we should be able to make the optimal decision for ea . if brett is concerned about losing them , neither ben nor i have anything that could definitively place these machines in the next month or two . we both have projects , leads , etc . but nothing can get inked quickly . however , it is probably in enron ' s interest to have people looking for alternative uses while brett is trying to firm up his deal . in 3 - 4 months we should have a defintive plan for these machines - if we wait 2 - 3 months for brett to continue , we may not have a definitive plan for 5 - 7 months . regards , chris 
2	Subject: re : ua 4 what is the status on this meter ? howard b camp 01 / 28 / 2000 07 : 17 am to : susan d trevino / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : ua 4 susan , here is the note that i sent daren . i never have scheduled a park and ride and have no idea on how this should be set up . hc - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by howard b camp / hou / ect on 01 / 28 / 2000 07 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - howard b camp 01 / 27 / 2000 10 : 17 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : charlotte hawkins / hou / ect @ ect , anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , rhonda robinson / hou / ect @ ect subject : ua 4 daren , just a quick note to follow up on ua 4 issues . for desk to desk deals , we are keeping the entry on co 89 since there is not a co 16 contract with co 16 and attaching an ect transport contract to the backscreen . on park and ride deals , i am under the impression that the park and ride deal would be booked to an 089 contract and cleared either intra month or in a subsequent month . if this is true , was it done by reversing out or offsetting the previous co 89 entry . i am not sure whether an ect transport should be attached . i hope you have some insight on this issue . let me know hc 
2	Subject: fw : august hourly bloomberg deals still not cleared bill i sent this email as well to the wrong bill williams . i am forwarding this email for your information . i have received a response from kate indicating she will get to them however she is extremely busy . if there is anything i can do to help resolve these issues please let me know . evelyn metoyer power deal compliance enron networks 713 - 853 - 3389 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : metoyer , evelyn sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 5 : 01 pm to : alport , kysa ; symes , kate cc : williams , bill ; murphy , melissa ann subject : august hourly bloomberg deals still not cleared please find attached an excel spreadsheet of bloomberg deals i can ' t seem to match up with our deals in enpower . this is for august 1 through august 22 . none of these deals have bloomberg as the broker in enpower . i was told in june to allow a two day grace period before the deals should be in enpower and that did not occur . please let me know if there is anything i can do to help resolve these problems . evelyn metoyer enron networks 713 - 853 - 3389 
2	Subject: re : part - time work cantekin , i shall call you tomorrow to discuss the details . vince " cantekin dincerler " on 09 / 18 / 2000 02 : 59 : 41 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : part - time work hi vince , i promised to get back to you on the part - time work issue . sorry for the delay , i got back to austin only last week . i talked to ehud about this and he is ok with it . just wanted to let you know . best , - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - - cantekin dincerler doctoral candidate the university of texas at austin graduate school of business department of finance office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356 cell : ( 512 ) 680 - 5355 http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - - 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisibie virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitipie search engines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , norasweeney _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: congratulations you have won the hague lottery awards , please write back for claim immediately ! ! attn - sir hague questry lottery bonpostraat 26 7651 am groningen the netherlands . from : the desk of the promotions manager , international promotions / prize award department , ref : tlot / 33900560 / 04 batch : 24 / ai 90061 / 8482 / ui attention : re / award notification ; final notice we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today , 8 th october , 2004 of winners of the the hague questry promo lottery , the netherlands / international , programs held on 28 th september , 2004 . your email address , is attached to a ticket number , with serial number 4399 - 11 and the lucky numbers preserved and insured for strict award distinct , identifying your lottery award in the 3 rd category you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 5 , 500 . 000 . 00 in cash credited to file ref no . tlot / 33900560 / 04 . this is from total prize money of us $ 80 , 400 , 000 . 00 shared among the seventeen international winners in this category . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 names from aust ralia , new zealand , america , europe , north america , africa and asia as part of international promotions program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with a security company insured in your name . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . we hope with a part of your prize , you will participate in our end of year high stakes us $ 1 . 3 billion international lottery . to begin your claim , please contact your claims agent ; mrs brian debby foreign service director , on email address : b _ debbyhague @ hotmail . com please send your telephone and fax nos along . for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of the official bank to the lottery matters . remember , all prize money must be claimed not later than 20 th october 2004 . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with your agent . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , andre woods the promotions director , the hague questry promo lottery , the netherlands . promo lottery , the netherlands . . n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . sorry for the late information thanks 
2	Subject: new years blow out sale to unsubscribe from this mailing list : click here or send a blank message to : r . esalesl . 0 - 297 a 939 - 36 b 2 . iit . demokritos . gr . - paliourg @ do . tekmailer . com this offer sent to you from : optinrealbig . com llc 1333 w 120 th ave suite 101 westminster , co 80234  
2	Subject: imageplus - ink , toner and ribbon cartridges laser , ink ribbon cartridges s p e c i a l image plus laser toners ink cartridges ribbons paper ink cartridges one year warranty iso 9002 certified made in canada * s a v e upto 8 0 % without compromising on quality ! ! note : imagepluscartridges are not refills , butnewcartridges ! ! call for a complete list of products laser cartridgesfor hp ink cartridgesfor hp ink cartridgesfor epson ink cartridgesfor canon ribbonsfor epson c 4127 x $ 68 . 00 c 51629 a $ 14 . 50 187 $ 3 . 04 bci 21 b $ 2 . 56 7753 $ 1 . 95 c 4092 a $ 38 . 90 c 51649 a $ 17 . 00 189 $ 3 . 04 bci 21 c $ 3 . 20 7754 $ 1 . 98 c 4096 a $ 69 . 50 c 6614 d $ 14 . 00 191 $ 4 . 48 bci 24 b $ 3 . 04 8750 $ 1 . 90 c 3903 a $ 49 . 00 c 51645 a $ 11 . 85 193 $ 5 . 12 bci 24 c $ 4 . 00 8766 $ 7 . 90 c 3906 a $ 38 . 50 c 6615 d $ 14 . 85 t 36 $ 5 . 92 bci 3 e bl $ 3 . 68 sol 5086 $ 6 . 85 c 8061 x $ 89 . 00 c 6578 d $ 16 . 25 t 37 $ 6 . 72 bci 3 e cy $ 3 . 52 sol 5016 $ 2 . 65 c 3909 a $ 78 . 00 cl 823 d $ 16 . 25 t 40 $ 6 . 40 bci 3 e ma $ 3 . 52 sol 5077 $ 7 . 98 c 7115 a $ 39 . 50 c 6625 a $ 16 . 25 t 41 $ 7 . 20 bci 3 e ye $ 3 . 52 c 4191 a $ 49 . 00 c 6656 a $ 13 . 60 to 03 $ 3 . 52 bx 3 $ 16 . 80 c 4192 a $ 57 . 00 c 6657 a $ 17 . 75 to 05 $ 5 . 12 bc - 02 $ 14 . 50 c 4193 a $ 57 . 00 c 8727 a $ 12 . 10 to 07 $ 5 . 95 bc - 03 $ 15 . 90 c 4194 a $ 57 . 00 c 8728 a $ 14 . 20 to 08 $ 6 . 88 bji 201 $ 2 . 72 contact for quantity discounts for further enquiries please contact : sales @ imageplus - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . imageplus - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada - u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners * applicable to toners only products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? rv : _ clausura _ curso _ ni  dlos _ y _ adolescentes . ?  para : lic monica ramor rodrifuez . presente . > 5 de julio 2005 > > lic monica ramos rodriguez . > jefa de noticias de tv 9 canal de oaxaca > la television de los oaxaque?os . > > estimada licenciada : > > > reciba un cordial saludo y al mismo tiempo mi solicitud para que un reportero y un camarografo nos haga el favor de tomar la rese?a de la clauura del curso de " prevencion de adicciones " para menores oaxaque?os . > > que se imparti? del 4 al 8 de julio del 2005 de 10 : 00 al 4 : 00 horas en coordinacion con el centro de integracion juvenil a . c . de oaxaca . > > este curso cont? con la participacion de ni?os oaxaque?os en edad de primaria , la instructora fue la lic en trabajo social victoria ortega . > > dicha clausura se realizar? en el cij ubicado en marcos perez 111 a las 14 horas , con la entrega de las constancias de participacion por parte del cij y telefonos de mexico s . a . de c . v . > > mucho le agradecer? nos d? su amable confirmacion por este medio . > > reciba un cordial saludo . > > > > > > lae . ada beatriz lopez y lopez > h colegio militar 1013 > col reforma oaxaca > oax > c . p . 68050 > > > > > ahora infinitum te da doble de velocidad , mismo precio . baja fotos , m?sica , videos y todo lo que quieras al doble de velocidad desde $ 349 al mes m?s i . v . a . ? qu? esperas ? acel?rate al doble y con?ctate http : / / www . hits . telmex . com / app / ad _ mgr / ad _ mgrn . jsp ? ad  371 as?m @ te a telmex . com http : / / www . hits . telmex . com / app / ad _ mgr / ad _ mgrn . jsp ? ad  195 confidentiality notice : this e - mail message including attachments , if any , is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and / or privileged material . any review , use , disclosure or distribution of such confidential information without the written authorization of tel?fonos de m?xico is prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient , please contact the sender by reply e - mail and destroy all copies of the original message . by receiving this e - mail you acknowledge that any breach by you and / or your representatives of the above provisions may entitle tel?fonos de m?xico to seek for damages . aviso de confidencialidad : este correo electr?nico , incluyendo en su caso , los archivos adjuntos al mismo , pueden contener informaci?n de car?cter confidencial y / o privilegiada , y se env?an a la atenci?n ?nica y exclusivamente de la persona y / o entidad a quien va dirigido . la copia , revisi?n , uso , revelaci?n y / o distribuci?n de dicha informaci?n confidencial sin la autorizaci?n por escrito de tel?fonos de m?xico est? prohibida . si usted no es el destinatario a quien se dirige el presente correo , favor de contactar al remitente respondiendo al presente correo y eliminar el correo original incluyendo sus archivos , as? como cualesquiera copia del mismo . mediante la recepci?n del presente correo usted reconoce y acepta que en caso de incumplimiento de su parte y / o de sus representantes a los t?rminos antes mencionados , tel?fonos de m?xico tendr? derecho a los da?os y perjuicios que esto le cause . 
2	Subject: virtual conference and technology showcase cm crossroads presents the online event of the year alm expo 2005 . for the first time ever , you can attend a global developers conference and technology showcase without leaving your office . register now online alm expo 2005 is a virtual conference andtechnology showcase in every sense of the word with conference sessions and panel discussions by industry speakers in four high - interest tracks all featuring live audience participation and qa . the expo hall is packed with virtual exhibit booths where you can investigate new products and services , view demos , pick up literature , get in on vendor sponsored drawings and even engage in live discussions with company representatives about their products . keynote presentation featuring liz barnett , vice president , forrester research - agile development teams need tools , too - must have , should have , and nice to have tools for agile processes alm expo is free to attend and it ' s all happening on september 14 th right on your computer . all you need is internet access and your regular web browser . register now . the first 1000 will receive copies of the books software lifecycle automationby kevin jameson and software development according 2 einstein . every hour during the live event , one attendee will receive an apple ipod . use this link to register now online gold sponsors silver sponsors media partners should you no longer wish to receive our newsletter kindly click here . © copyright 1998 - 2005 cm crossroads llc - all rights reserved 3905 state st . 7 - 235 - santa barbara , ca 93105 - + 1 ( 805 ) 683 - 1200  
2	Subject: no - more exercise attention men : you have nothing to lose and inches to gain . . http : / / www . buyherbalsonline . com / nrg / ? 52838 : a http : / / www . buyherbalsonline . com / r / 
2	Subject: f / up vince - i got your message ( i was up on the roof of the building helping to fix the weather satellite dish - what a gorgeous view of houston ! ) . i appreciate your words . everything remains fine , vince . you are my " father " here at enron , and i admire and respect you greatly . i think i know the kind of person you are , in terms of your integrity , and i admire the high standards you set for all of us in your extended " group . " i want to let you know i am not the only one in the group who doesn ' t appreciate the way maureen disrespects you . you remain the key external factor in their success - it is not simply their own abilities that matter to their futures but your own - vince ' s - success with upper management that matters . we respect you , and we don ' t like it when you are disrespected . maureen didn ' t disrespect me today , vince , she disrespected you . it ' s time i told you something . last april , maureen , highly intoxicated following a work - related function at ninfa ' s , made an unsolicited predatory sexual advance on me at my desk on the 19 th floor . i was shocked and disgusted , but i didn ' t say one word about this , vince , because i played it out and didn ' t want to put you into the position of having a raving maureen in your midst as you perhaps had to fire her and then endure a litany of gender - bias crap lawsuits . i " took one for the team , " vince . i can ' rt say i would do it again - maureen is brazen to berate me after what she did , in public no less . i appreciate your bringing me into enron . i ' ve found a respectful and , indeed , a loving work environment . i remain willing to do whatever i can to help the group . clayton 
2	Subject: neon discussion january 17 here ' s some ideas for this coming week . ? as always , modify and change as necessary to fit your group and your style , or do something totally different if that ' s what your group needs . ? ? keep up the good work ! ? bobby - galations 5 fruit . doc 
2	Subject: re [ 9 ] : discussion with your health sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est yof arm inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of  
2	Subject: hpl nom for october 25 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 025 . xls ) - hplnl 025 . xls 
2	Subject:  always wanted an expensive watch such as a rolex ? stop dreaming and check out these bargains at throw away prices . this week only special : real gold 18 k replicas from $ 75 - $ 250 cllck here to view brochure no thanks  
2	Subject: contracts what do you think happens if they require 2 yrs ? 
2	Subject: unlimited frreee ppv channels ld 8 tck introducing " 2005 digital cable filters " equipped with latest pass - through technology video bypass chip . guarantee to work with all digital cable receivers . . or your moneeys back ! - enjoy free pay - per - view channels - adult channels - on demand channels and lots more ! http : / / www . 1 clickagency . info re movress below : http : / / www . 1 clickagency . info / r po 
2	Subject: re : saxet canales meter 980437 for august , 2000 fred , now that daren has the purchase in , i have added august to the deal ticket 386540 which is the desk to desk at the meter ( 4584 on humble p / l , pathed as a buy / sell ) , and to deal ticket 386269 which is the transport usage ticket ( from 4584 to meter 12 at the plant inlet , pathed on humble contract 401 ) . please set up the appropriate track id ' s . since this is offsystem , that should take care of the august issue . mary 
2	Subject: fw : mexico fyi . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : thursday , june 07 , 2001 11 : 37 am to : oxley , david subject : re : mexico wait until louise gets back . these should not be big . ie 50 and 125 at most . i ' m not even sure that irvine is the right guy in the end . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oxley , david sent : wednesday , may 30 , 2001 6 : 41 pm to : lavorato , john cc : slone , jeanie ; mayes , fran l . subject : mexico seems to me a sensible move quickly on steve irvine and jaime williams to get contracts in place following yzaguirre ' s departure . i believe jaime ' s contract has just expired and irvine we drafted back in april as part of the blitz approach but never got past the " do yzaguirre first " obstacle . what do you think ? you want to talk with them or should we go direct to them ? david 
2	Subject: de la part des enfants ama rue des martyrs , avenue delafosse 01 b p 124 abidjan 01 republique de cote d ' ivoire contact : ( 00225 ) 05 80 75 51 proposition d ? affaires bonjour , avec respect et humilit? , j ? ai d?cid? de vous informer d ? une proposition d ? affaires qui sera tr?s b?n?fique pour nous deux . je me nomme ama marie , la fille de feu chef ama thomas , assassin? par les forces rebelles . avant sa mort , mon p?re ?tait un homme d ' affaire et directeur de la soci?t? de caf? - cacao . deux jours avant son assassinat , mon p?re s ? est arrang? pour nous remettre mon fr?re et moi des documents qui prouve qu ? il a d?pos? une somme d ? argent d ? une valeur ( de 5 million de dollars ) dans une soci?t? de banque ici en cote d ' ivoire . nous voulons prendre possession de cet argent qui fait partir de notre h?ritage . mais pour le faire j ? aurais besoin de la collaboration d ? un partenaire ?tranger . et c ? est ce partenaire qui pourra m ' aider . ainsi je pourrais , venir dans votre pays pour continuer mes ?tudes . n ? ayez pas d ? inqui?tude , car tous les documents relatifs ? ce tr?sor sont entre mes mains . de m?me que l ? adresse de la soci?t? de banque . j ? attends seulement votre accord pour vous les remettre . si tout se passe comme pr?vu vous recevez 15 % de la somme totale . nous nous sommes mis d ? accord aussi pour vous donner 5 % de la valeur du tr?sor pour rembourser les d?penses que vous aurez engag?s pendant la transaction . maintenant que vous avez compris le sens de notre proposition , je souhaite que tout se passe vite . car le temps n ? est pas ? notre faveur . ce que nous exigeons de vous c ? est la fid?lit? et la confiance . ama marie et son fr?re ama jules . merci que dieu vous benisse contact : ( 00225 ) 05 80 75 51 
2	Subject: \ / aluum , \ / llgra , caalls , levltrra , xana , loraazepam , ambllen , alprazzolam , tramadool , merldlla know telling bit added dark easy number regular night books , met across usedto person hurried servants suddenly glass . awhile steps awhile mistress description aunt easy light intelligent captain , bit goes raised fallen promise " hard to buy medsall countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from andquickly clicck here to order favorite one forest because remained excitement , food wish may prettier books but age fancy how , mentioned choose studying pretty thinking . ticket benefit if whom fascinate thought ! lips given number cousin comes blow important stay " blue example idea cold enemy one greater looking . a offered gate friend . course wanted blow love , pretty money lot cousin looking considered ? free degree burst motor each terrible ! convenient niece taste open using ,  
2	Subject: re : hello hi vince , thank you for your offer to bring jacob back for another interview . yes , if it is not too much trouble , i would like to talk with him . i was sorry i had to be out of town last week when he was in the office . thanks , just let me know when you would like me to be available . kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 1 : 21 pm to : watson , kimberly cc : krishnarao , pinnamaneni ; kaminski , vince subject : re : hello kim , this is a letter from one of the job applicants who works for pros . it seems that the system they develop for williams is more a scheduling system . would you like to ask him to come back for another interview , to get more information out of him ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001 01 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jacob y . kang " on 04 / 11 / 2001 11 : 18 : 44 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : hello dear vince : it was so nice meeting and talking with you too . i did not take any pen back , i lost my pen too somewhere in enron . as i mentioned to you , after i got my ph . d in 1999 , i have been working two years as lead scientist and science manager in energy division at pros revenue management inc . in houston . i developed and implemented the mathematical models for trading optimization system and firm transportation optimization system . the trading optimization system becomes the most popular product in the industry this year . duke energy just signed the contract to buy this product yesterday . conoco and williams also signed the contracts for it . according to pros sales department , the potential marketer to buy this product exceeds 15 companies in one or two years . enron is the ideal place for me to continue my research and system developing efforts to combine revenue management with risk management . i am confident that i can make significant contributions to enron in this area . i would like to thank you again for giving me this opportunity to come to enron for this interview . i am looking forward to having the opportunity to work in enron . sincerely yours jacob - - - vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > jacob , > > it was nice meeting you . did take by any chance > my pen ? if not , i apologize . > > vince > do you yahoo ! ? get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail . http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com / 
2	Subject: fw : fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shankman , jeffrey a . sent : monday , november 05 , 2001 6 : 11 pm to : mcconnell , mike ; bowen jr . , raymond ; delainey , david w . cc : lawyer , larry subject : we are asking barclays for 7 days to work out the so 2 inventory , which they are taking to their credit committee tomorrow . we will have a response by noon our time . i ' ll update everyone then . jeff 
2	Subject: alliance info alert   special announcements   on january 2 , ferc filed a response in opposition to the emergency petition southern california edison filed december 26 for a writ of mandamus against ferc in the u . s . court of appeals for the district of columbia . edison has asked the court to direct ferc to fix by order just and reasonable cost - based rates for the ca iso and cal px markets . on december 22 , ferc issued an order regarding remedies for the california wholesale market that included the requirement of a technical conference on the development of market monitoring procedures . this conference has been scheduled for january 23 , 2001 at ferc . elo 0 - 95 - 000 et . al .   recent ferc filings   ( 1 ) rto developments * central illinois light co . , cinergy corp . , hoosier energy r . e . c . , southern illinois power coop . , southern indiana gas and ( 2 ) a request that the commission authorize a designated transmission owner having commission jurisdictional rates and charges to recover , through its commission jurisdictional transmission service rates and charges , the costs incurred by the designated transmission owner as a result of its withdrawal from the midwest iso . erol - 731 - 000 . comments due by january 11 , 2001 . * nyiso filed a status report on governance issues in compliance with docket nos . er 97 - 1523 - 005 , er 97 - 1523 - 006 , oa 97 - 470 - 006 , er 97 - 4234 - 004 and ec 99 - 31 - 001 . comments due by january 10 , 2001 . * after a request filed by numerous entities , an extension of time to file comments and protests to grid florida ' s december 15 , 2000 supplemental order no . 2000 compliance filing has been granted . comments will be due by january 30 , 2001 . rtol - 67 - 000 . * cal px filed its tariff amendment no . 21 regarding the tracking of changes in the method proposed by the ca iso for allocating its grid management charge . erol - 719 - 000 . comments due by january 9 , 2001 . * nyiso filed for a waiver for certain oasis requirements . elol - 24 - 000 . filed december 22 , 2000 . * oklahoma municipal power authority filed an answer to american electric power co . ' s request to defer its application to transfer operational control of its transmission facilities located in the spp . ec 98 - 40 - 000 . filed december 26 , 2000 . * nepool participants committee filed an answer and iso ne filed a supplement to its motion to intervene regarding protests to nepool ' s revised market rules regarding support implementation of electronic dispatch ( rule 3 ) , uplift payments at low operating limits ( rule 5 ) , and installed capacity responsibility ( rule 11 ) as well as a revised implementation date for electronic dispatch . erol - 493 - 000 . filed december 27 , 2000 . * keyspan - ravenswood filed comments in support of nyiso ' s request to moot its compliance filing . ero 0 - 3591 - 000 , 001 and 004 and ero 0 - 1969 - 005 . filed december 22 , 2000 . * maine public utilities commission , the maine public advocate and the industrial energy consumers group filed a request for rehearing or an emergency stay of the commission ' s december 15 , 2000 order directing iso ne to implement an icap deficiency charge of $ 8 . 75 / kw / m retroactive to august 1 , 2000 . elo 0 - 62 - 015 . filed december 22 , 2000 . * miso filed an answer to several protests regarding its oatt in dockets erol - 479 - 000 and er 97 - 1438 - 007 . filed december 27 , 2000 . * pjm filed changes to its oatt to limit the amount of transmission congestion credits an entity that acquires a fixed transmission right ( ftr ) through the ftr auction may receive if it enters increment bids or decrement bids in the day - ahead market that result in an increase of transmission congestion charges at or near the receipt or delivery point of the ftr . erol - 773 - 000 . filed december 22 , 2000 . ( 2 ) oatt / transmission * commonwealth edison filed a revised attachment k to its oatt in compliance with the commission ' s december 8 , 2000 order . erol - 99 - 001 . comments due by january 10 , 2001 . * american transmission company filed their standards of conduct to be effective january 1 , 2001 . erol - 702 - 000 . comments due by january 9 , 2001 . * indianapolis power & light filed its first amendment to the interconnection , operation and maintenance agreement between itself and dte georgetown . erol - 718 - 000 . comments due by january 9 , 2001 . * pjm filed an executed interconnection agreement between itself and bethlehem steel corp . erol - 756 - 000 . comments due by january 12 , 2001 . * arizona electric power coop . filed a request for rehearing regarding the commission ' s order determining that standard offer scheduling coordinators should be subject to the same energy imbalance charges as competitive offer scheduling coordinators . ero 0 - 3583 - 001 , erol - 173 - 001 and erol - 208 - 001 . filed december 26 , 2000 . * american electric power service filed an executed interconnection and operation agreement between indiana michigan power company and duke energy desoto . erol - 720 - 000 . comments due january 11 , 2001 . * illinois power co . filed an interconnection agreement between itself and dynegy midwest generation . erol - 712 - 000 . comments due january 11 , 2001 . * american electric power service corp . filed an executed interconnection and operation agreement between indiana michigan power co . and pseg lawrenceburg energy co . erol - 721 - 000 . comments due by january 11 , 2001 . * utilicorp filed amendments to the oatts for its missouri public service , westplains energy - kansas , westplains energy - colorado and st . joseph power & light operating divisions in order to avoid customers from having to pay multiple transmission charges . erol - 723 - 000 . comments due by january 12 , 2001 . * the american electric power service corp . filed an interconnection and operation agreement between kentucky power co . and riverside generating co . erol - 741 - 000 . comments due january 12 , 2001 . * the cleveland electric illuminating co . , ohio edison co . , pennsylvania power co . and the toledo edison co . ( first energy ) filed a modified proposal to offer ancillary services and interconnected operations services on a non - discriminatory basis . ero 0 - 3771 - 002 . filed december 21 , 2000 . ( 3 ) market complaints * dynegy power marketing , el segundo power , long beach generation and cabrillo i and ii filed a complaint against the ca iso requesting that the commission direct the iso to cease making out - of - market ( oom ) dispatch orders on its units in non - emergency situations , require the iso to negotiate compensatory rates for oom dispatch orders , file for third payment options that generators subject to a participating generator agreement could elect as compensation for oom dispatch orders and other relief . elol - 23 - 000 . comments due january 11 , 2001 . * southern california water co . d / b / a bear valley electric service filed a complaint against southern california edison ( edison ) alleging that edison as seeking to unlawfully terminate the added facilities agreement between the two . elol - 25 - 000 . comments due january 18 , 2001 . * cheyenne light , fuel & power co . filed a complaint against pacificorp regarding a notice of termination filed on december 26 , 2000 of a power sales agreement under which pacificorp provides cheyenne full capacity and energy requirements . elol - 21 - 000 . filed on december 27 , 2000 . ( 4 ) mergers / corporate restructuring * the montana power co . and northwestern corp . filed an application for authorization of the disposition of certain jurisdictional assets whereby northwestern will purchase montana ' s utility business . ecol - 47 - 000 . comments due january 11 , 2001 . * the montana power co . filed a notice of change of status and a revised statement of policy and standards of conduct to reflect a planned transaction pursuant to which northwestern corp . will purchase the utility business of montana power . er 97 - 449 - 001 . comments due january 11 , 2001 . * mississippi valley gas co . submitted a request for rehearing regarding the commission ' s november 24 , 2000 order authorizing the disposition of jurisdictional facilities involved in the joint application filed by entergy power marketing and koch energy trading . eco 0 - 106 - 001 . filed december 26 , 2000 . ( 5 ) miscellaneous * midwest iso submitted an application seeking authorization to issue long - term senior notes in an amount not to exceed $ 100 million . esol - 13 - 000 . comments due january 12 , 2001 .   other news   * atc hits the ground running on jan . 1 * utilicorp completes $ 190 million merger with st . joseph light & power - fercfilingsol 0102 . pdf 
2	Subject: urgent investor alert ( gbns . ob ) huge upside potential with the next postal giant otc alert investors # 1 source for tomorrows leaders issue 48 august 2004 special dynamic growth situation symbol : gbns www . gbsi . biz current price : $ 1 . 40 - - - 12 - month price target : $ 7 . 50 market cap : $ 4 , 340 , 000 52 week bid range : $ 0 . 60 - $ 4 . 80 global business services , inc . shares outstanding : 3 . 1 mil fiscal year ends : june 30 213 south robertson approximate float : 600 , 000 ( otc bb : gbns ) beverly hills , ca 90211 an undervalued gem on the verge of explosive growth in this issue we are pleased to present a company that is positioned to become the next giant in the dynamic multi - billion dollar postal services industry ! in the 80 s and 90 s mail boxes etc . was one of the darlings of wall street and became the industry leader as the company experienced rapid growth by providing in - demand and convenient postal services through an ever - increasing number of mbe stores . then in 2001 , industry leader mail boxes etc . ( mbe ) was acquired by united parcel service ( ups ) ( $ 73 ) for $ 191 million . recently kinkos was acquired by federal express ( $ 77 ) for $ 2 . 4 billion ! timing is now perfect for an industry roll - up and new branded leader ! the company has a very competent and experienced management team and an aggressive plan to consolidate the highly fragmented postal services industry and emerge as a recognized brand , thereby capturing a significant market share . today the postal services industry is booming and encompasses approximately 11 , 000 domestic outlets that generate annual gross revenues in excess of $ 3 billion . considering the annual potential sales , the estimated u . s . market size for retail postal , shipping , and communication service is $ 25 billion . global business services , inc . is the parent of postal connections of america , which currently has 71 franchise locations sold or open in 21 states and 8 area franchises . last year their franchise network grew by 64 % and sales of new stores jumped by 233 % . this year the company is running ahead of that record pace and operating profitably . one of the most compelling reasons for our enthusiasm regarding the companys bright future is the fact that many officers and directors on the companys current management team were formerly with mbe and were directly responsible for the incredible success of that company ! gbns shares are currently trading at a very undervalued price of only $ 1 . 40 . with a current market cap of less than $ 4 . 5 million and its strong leadership and dynamic business model , we firmly believe that the stock will significantly increase in value over the coming months and years . this is an exciting , well - managed company that should prove to be highly rewarding for loyal shareholders a grand slam homerun ! * * * * * * * * * * important notice and disclaimer : please read * * * * * * * * * * * * otc alert is a news service of the otcreporter . com this communication should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell global business services , inc . otc reporter . com is an independent electronic investment medium , which provides industry data and information on publicly traded companies for the use of their subscribers . otcreporter . com is not a registered broker - dealer . otcreporter . com may liquidate any securities issued when deemed appropriate to do so . such liquidation may have a negative impact on the securities being liquidated . in addition , otcreporter . com , its principals and associates may have positions in the recommended companies in addition to or in lieu of compensation paid directly by third parties . otc reporter . com was compensated by a third party with twenty thousand shares of gbns to write a profile and perform ir services for the company . investors are always strongly encouraged to consult with their investment advisors prior to making any security purchase and perform adequate due diligence by thoroughly reading the companys filings at www . sec . gov oceanic consulting , llc p . o . box 273 rumson , nj 077160  
2	Subject: heads - up - tenaska iv partner ltd . - september 2000 hi guys , please do me and bob fisher in the transport settlements group a huge favor . . . . . . please let us know when the txu / lonestar transport deals for tenaska iv texas partners have been entered into path manager ( for september 2000 ) . i am holding the transport invoice from txu / lonestar for september 2000 . . . . waiting to enter the " actuals " into our system for payment . thanks , kathy : ) 
2	Subject: hard as rock mdo spur - m is the latest breakthrough of all natural male enhancement formula which gua - rantees : - longer orgasms - rock - hard e - rections like steel - increased se xual desire - enhanced libido - strong ejaculate like a porn star - multiple orgasms - cum again and again - up to 500 % more volume - cover her in it if you want - or money back without questions asked check it out 2 day ! http : / / chorally . com / spur / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / chorally . com / rm . php ? ronn ej  
2	Subject: hedging lng volumes stinson / vince , i think this is important to know . regards , sandeep . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on 03 / 28 / 2001 08 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anshuman srivastav 03 / 28 / 2001 06 : 32 : 20 am to : marc de la roche @ ect cc : tushar dhruv @ enron , doug leach @ ect , mohan gurunath / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rajesh sivaraman / enron _ development @ enron _ development , shubh shrivastava / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mukesh tyagi / enron _ development @ enron _ development ( bcc : sandeep kohli / enron _ development ) subject : hedging lng volumes hi marc , dpc would like a swap to hedge its price expsoure on lng . we do understand that there exists a basis risk between jcc ( the lng spa index ) and brent ( the market index for the product ) and will bear such risk . we also appreciate the fact that this is a financial product and irrespective of actual consumption , we will still have to bear the burden ( if any ) of the swap . fuel - lng indexed to jcc ( closely correlated to brent futures ) period volumes ( tbtu ) volumes ( mt ) volumes ( jcc bbls ) january 2002 to december 2002 33 . 61 650 , 000 9 , 127 , 049 january 2003 to december 2003 48 . 63 940 , 000 13 , 207 , 496 january 2004 to december 2004 48 . 63 940 , 000 13 , 207 , 496 crude swap price : can we look at a ' dirty ' hedge and get a crude ( $ / bbl ) swap price . like any other regular swap , this will be a monthly settle product . the above conversions from mt to bbls are based on lng conversion factors . ( 14 . 04 bbls / mt ) . we also would like to understand the requirements of the credit group to put this hedge in place . please indicate the process as well as the security mechanisms to provide adequate credit support for the swap . please call me ( 98210 38711 ) or rajesh ( 98201 88310 ) for any additional info . regards , anshuman 
2	Subject: company spotlight - - sprl ( full profile ) strat petroleum , ltd . ( sprl : otc . bb ) www . stratpetroleum . com strat petroleum , ltd . ( the " company " ) was the result of a reverse takeover of f 2 broadcast network , inc . which was organized under the laws of the state of nevada , to acquire licenses to develop oil and gas properties in the russian federation . the company redomesticated to wyoming on july 9 , 2004 management intends , during the next six to twelve month period , to acquire interests in licenses for oil and gas properties that have proven reserves and where possible capped or producing wells . proposed business the company has entered into a memorandum of understanding to acquire 49 % of a license in a property in the region of orenburg called the rozhdestvenskoe oil site . company direction most significantly is the decline in the massive infrastructure needed to keep the oil fields operational . many soviet oil fields were thousands of kilometers away from their markets and thousands of kilometers inland , in siberia or central asia . the industry needed massive maintenance for pipeline systems and machinery . partly it was an effect of political chaos . in soviet days , the strong machinery of the state had ensured that an industry like oil , vital for the whole economy , was kept running no matter what . once central control was weakened , russia ' s captains of industry started competing among themselves for resources , and oil could not be guaranteed primacy . that russia has substantial reserves of oil is old news . what is new is the dramatically enhanced role in russian politics , oil technology , and energy markets have given to its petroleum sector . throughout the 1990 ' s , privatization in russia and innovations in exploration and drilling technologies brought into production oil fields that had until then been underperforming or completely off - limits , has resulted in increased production to 8 . 2 mbd in 2003 . to energy companies worried about growing domestic instability among the major oil exporters of the middle east , russia has become an even more attractive hedge . regardless of its political turmoil , russia will continue to appeal to oil companies , which know how to operate profitably in countries with weak property rights and unstable politics . symbol otc . bb sprl recent price $ 0 . 17 management key management personnel has considerable and varied experience in establishing and building companies and in combination with knowledge , strong network of contacts and many years of experience in navigating through the russian bureaucracy to ensure success of ventures entered into . h . sam hyams - president & ceo mr . hyams holds a masters degree in business administration from york university in ontario and is a chartered accountant . his experience over the past 20 years in canadian industry and on the international scene has included positions in finance and accounting to assisting in establishing new ventures by securing financing , and managing their business plans . mr . hyams has also acted as a consultant to small and medium sized businesses , advising them on strategic plans for growth , acquisitions and divestitures . chaim flatt - executive v . p . business development mr . flatt holds b . sc . degree in mechanical engineering from the kaunas polytechnic university in russia . he brings over 30 years of knowledge , experience and network of contacts developed in the areas of project development , financing and international trade . mr . flatt is president of arad energy products co . which has been involved in projects in the russian federation and other cis countries since the late 1980 ' s with focus on the natural resource sector . in the past few years mr . flatt has concentrated on trade of oil and oil products , which has allowed him to build a very good network of contacts in the russia and the cis lev perelman - consulting engineer mr . perelman holds bs and ms degrees in civil engineering and gas supply systems from the university of n . novgorod ( russia ) and holds a bs degree in power engineering from southern alberta institute of technology of calgary ( alberta , canada ) in russia he was employed by gazprom and has been actively involved in oil / gas , development , processing and consulting since 1973 . he was involved in the development of the volga " transgas " and moscowgaspipeline " oil and gas pipelines . chyang wen - v . p . business china & far east mr . wen holds an m . b . a . degree from york university in ontario , and his career spanning more than 20 year includes banking with experience in commercial credit and comptrollers division . he was involved in establishing a manufacturing business in the pesticide industry where his responsibilities including all financial and marketing functions . for the past several years he has been a consultant to business and businessmen in china and the far east in attracting investment and investors to canada . mr . wen will use his strong network in those countries to secure investment and contracts for the sale of crude oil and oil products . disclosure : this tri - state capital alert provides information on selected companies . it is not a registered investment advisor or broker - dealer . this report is provided as an information service only , and the statements and opinions in this report should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security . tsc accepts no liability for any loss arising from an investor ' s reliance on or use of this report . an investment in agmg is considered to be highly speculative and should not be considered unless a person can afford a complete loss of investment . tri - state capital has received $ 8 , 000 . 00 from a non - affiliated third party , for the publication and circulation of this report . this report contains forward - looking statements , which involve risks , and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . copyright 2004 by . all rights reserved . . subscribe | updateprofile | unsubscribe  
2	Subject: re : account # 9505 p hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 650 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , stan hutchinson handkerchief mung paraffin chao epidemic congressmen oxidant genteel kerosene juror deferent helix generosity passband trapezoid vaudeville refrain antiquarianbevy incorruptible quarrymen gland archbishop phosgene collate cup surrender trefoil ankara buddy proffer scribners week colorado sweatband chokeberryeloise sextet nell oft peppy redmond laurent guenther craftsperson model ltd aback suggest feline emit inculcate logician medicsaturday coincide diorama cambridge algonquin prospect loom reave regressive sanhedrin malta largemouth billfold communion esteem madeline nucleotide imposebroadway chrome altercate acrimony cathedra brothel boastful drophead hyades irresolution obtrusion quibble orwell planeload exhibitor 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; start date : 12 / 26 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122613 . txt 
2	Subject: eshopping at our chemist - site helps you sav a lot on rneds . flnd a better way to sav on medicals . at our chemist - site , you have the bestselections on quality rneds . choose our store for a range of quality medicaments on pain , swelling , ereection dysfunction , highcholesterol , obesity , stress , musclerelaxant and man ' s care . our company cooperates with the most experienced logistic companies to ensure timely shipment . , check this superssale on quality rneds at our cyber store . browse the affordable ones at cyber chemist . at our store , customers can gget their case profile reviewed for ffree . shopping for rneds is much easier . at your chemist - site , i can select from these top - selling rneds . and best of all , they are much , much ccheaper than those sold at the local pharrnacy . and also thank you for providing timely services . - - tina d . in la have mentioned . . . . we closely akin t rest ; but what they called ' o reality ; but stilli ll , ( returning t has its harmonious e xplanation here on earth , while reality of the when 1 raphael ' smerry li the 35 one fe ' disappeared before hi  
2	Subject: link to my webcam you wanted wanna see sexually curious teens playing with each other ? http : / / www . site - personals . com < - - click here  ) me and my horny girlfriends are waiting for you . . . we are probably eating each other out on webcam in our dormitory as ur reading this ! ( inbetween classes of course * wink * ) see you soon baby , - veronica mcmfkhcpedgetqj 
2	Subject: right of first refusal pricing lorrian and michel , the rofr option , which grants the shipper the right to lock in the transportation rate ( max rate ) for next a few years , is priced as a spread swaption . i priced two scenarios for you : the strip starts 1 ) nov . 1 - 00 and 2 ) nov . 1 - 01 . for the first one i assume that the shipper makes decision on oct . 31 , 00 ( 54 days to maturity ) and on oct . 31 , 01 ( 419 days to maturity ) for the second case . the second case has longer time to expiration , therefore larger option time value . see the attached spreadsheets for more detail . let me know if you have any questions . zimin 
2	Subject: tips fyi - us inflation - linked bond i can not replicate the nominal yield and inflation adjected cash flow calculation from bloomberg . so i called the bond analytics group . i got to the point that they admit that they have made mistakes in their calculation , and promised to fix it . once i got the issues settled , there will be a better us inflation model . zimin 
2	Subject: the best possible mortgage has your mortgage search got you down ? are you frustrated and confused with all the different terms and quotes ? don ' t know who is telling you the truth ? we can solve all your problems . visit our site today and in two minutes you can have us searching thousands of programs and lenders for you . get the truth , get the facts , get your options all in one shot . it ' s absolutely free , and you can be done in only two minutes , so click right now and put your worries behind you ! [ ryte ^ 3247 ( ^ ( pol : kj ) _ 8 j 7 bjk ] 
2	Subject: houston gbn steering committee - june 4 th this is just a reminder that we have a meeting of the steering committee of the houston chapter of the gbn this sunday at 4 : 30 at guadalajara . attached is a proposed agenda . please let myself or glenn know if you will there . thanks , chris - gbn agenda 6 - 4 - 00 . doc 
2	Subject: cera conference call and web presentation : winter weather scenarios . . . - cera conference call cera conference call : sent fri , november 10 , 2000 title : cera conference call and web presentation : winter weather scenarios . . . author : n . american gas team e - mail category : conference call product line : north american gas , url : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / track / eprofile . cfm ? u  5166 netscape navigator 3 . 02 or higher ; or sun hot java ( tm ) * close all desktop applications and disable your screen saver technical assistance u . s . callers : if you are experiencing difficulties during the call , you may signal for technical assistance by pressing * 0 ( star , zero ) on your telephone keypad after you have connected to the audio portion of the conference . international callers : please re - dial and ask the operator for assistance before giving the confirmation code . a recording of this call ( audio only ) will be available until december 17 , 2000 . to access this recording , please call 1 - 888 - 203 - 1112 ( within the u . s . ) or ( 719 ) 457 - 0820 ( outside the u . s . ) . please use confirmation number 432374 to access the call . if you have any questions , please contact mary rice via e - mail at mrice @ cera . com , or via telephone at ( 617 ) 498 - 9123 . * * end * * follow url for html version of this message only . account changes to edit your personal account information , including your e - mail address , etc . go to : http : / / eprofile . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: pogo checklist - revised contact john havard at 713 - 297 - 5011 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin hyatt / et & s / enron on 12 / 20 / 2000 02 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - christine stokes 12 / 04 / 2000 03 : 13 pm to : perry frazier / et & s / enron @ enron cc : steve weller / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron subject : pogo checklist - revised delete prior check - list , the location was erroneous . perry - attached is the checklist and project summary for a potential pogo well connect to transwestern in lea county . pogo has already spudded the well and expects a 45 day drill and completion time . early estimates for well completion is set for early / mid february 2001 . tw field personnel have already met with pogo field personnel to determine the tie - in location for this well . even though there is an existing flange at the eog / pronghorn location , which is in close proximity to the pogo well location , another location was selected which also does appear to have an existing flange . initial production of this well may be similar to the 30 + mmbtu / day initial production of the eog well . please let me know when we can discuss this project , or if i need to provide you any additional information at this time . christine . 
2	Subject: desk to desk ticket between nng and pgev and oplc daren has copied the old ticket and reput the volumes on a new deal ticket , dating back to the first , which reflects the correct texas desk entity . all of the buys / sales currently transacted at waha by the texas desk are done by hplc - hplc . please check your deal tickets as any volumes for april will need to be repathed , nom ' d , etc . thank you , mary 
2	Subject: award winnings notification ( congratulations ) . lottonet international . from : international promotion / prize award dept . ref : lli / 2401402 / 011 batch : 180 / 006 / 19702 / lipda / sl . re : winning notification / final notice sir / madam , we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 30 th of june , 2004 . your personal , email - address attached to ticket number : 7017 - 41621018 with serial number vmh 4710019 . drew lucky numbers 80 - 35 - 11 - 72 - 90 - 41 , which consequently won in the 2 nd category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 euros . ( one million euros only ) already insured in your favour . this is to help encourage the rapid use of microsoft ware users and to enlighten and promote the use of the internet within the global world , under the sponsorship of http : / / www . quuxuum . org / ~ evan / bgnw . html - 63 k - 24 mar 2004 - . & http : / / www . thirdworldtraveler . com / zeroes / sultan _ brunei . htm , together with the usa , australia & a few members of the eu states . congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot machine system from the internet , randomly drawn from over 100 , 000 . 00 companies and 50 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( individuals private / personal ) email addresses and names from all over the world , where your own email address happens to have been luckily selected and to have attracted this winnings . this promotional program takes place every three - years . we hope with part of your winnings you will equally take part to help us promote our november participation in the http : / / www . wla 2004 . com / home . asp # convention / tradeshow for a growth innovation and reputation scheme . to file in and collect your claims for this prize winnings award , please quickly contact our nominated fiducial / accredited agent : dr stone harlen . ( for ) stone harlen consultancy & securities . email : stoneharlencons @ netscape . net . remember , all winning must be claimed not later than ( 23 rd september , 2004 ) . after this date all unclaimed funds will be retrieved and included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff for having been a lucky winner in our international promotions program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , phillmaria . j . angelus ( mrs ) . lottery coordinator . http : / / www . lottonet . com . au / index . html . note ! ! ! we shall not send you any other reminder if you dont respond promptly , since this is our second reminder to you after our last months notification sent out to you via , the same email address . confidentiality : this e - mail message is confidential and is intended only for the addressee of the email address holder . any unauthorized use or disclosure is strictly prohibited . disclosure of this e - mail to anyone other than the intended addressee does not constitute waiver of privilege . if you have received this communication in error , please notify us immediately and delete this . thank you for your cooperation . 
2	Subject:  ? ansi _ x 3 . 4 - 1968 ? q ? revised _ presentation _ with _ andy  3 fs _ comments _ - _ 04 / 11 / 01 ?  sally , this includes most of the suggestions andy made ( all the word / format related ones , at least ) . the only one i have not made relates to our discussion about adding a slide that outlines the history behind the operations pricing desk and the various factors considered in building it . please let me know if you ' re busy and want me to glean the information from the slides you have archived . lets talk about it in more detail tomorrow . if you need me at anytime , please feel free to contact me on my cell phone at 281 . 704 . 1060 regards , rahil 3 - 3206 
2	Subject: congratulations ! ! ! you have won . national postcode international lottery and promotions . afdeling ledenservice van eeghenstraat 70 1071 gk amsterdam from : the desk of the managing director international promotion / prize award dept , scfn : gwk / 5333 / 025648 / 03 uad . batch : 241 / 2002 / bll . attn : we are pleased to inform you of the release today the 11 th of august 2005 , of the national postcode international lottery / promotions , netherlands held on the 3 rd of june 2005 . your email address attached to the ticket no : 1001 - 58255563 - 2285 with serial no : 8888 / 03 drew from the lucky no : 02 - 22 - 00 - 66 - 99 - 85 - 52 - 12 - 36 - 50 , which consequently won the lottery in the first category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of five hundred thousand united state dollars ( us $ 500 , 000 . 00 ) in cash credited to security file number gwk / 5333 / 025648 / 03 uad . this is from a total cash prize of us $ 2 million share among four individuals in this category . congratulations ! ! ! . your funds is now deposited with our payment / finance department in the security company to your name , due to the mixed up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this winning a top secret from the public notice until your claims has been processed and remitted to your account as this is apart of the security protocol , to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking advantage of this program by participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from the 100 , 000 company / individal email addresses from all over the world as part of our international promotions program , which we conduct every decade . we hope with a part of winnings , you will take part in our end of year stake usd $ 20 million international lottery program . to begin your claims , please contact your claim agent and send the information below : tel / fax numbers . serial / secuirity file numbers . your full house address . a scan copy of your valid identity . email address . find below the contact of your claim agent . national postcode loterij agency : mr . philip ruddy ( director of operations ) . tel : 0031 - 617 - 780 - 746 fax : 0031 - 847 - 546 - 866 email : claimagentol @ netscape . net for processing and remittance of your cash to a designated account of your choice . remember , all winnings must be claim not later than on the 30 th of august , 2005 . after this date , all unclaimed funds will be returned to the promotion company . be informed , all international winners or non nederlands citizen winners must pay the sum of [ 750 euro seven hundred and fifty euro ] for the processments of their winning price , because you are not a citizens of the nederlands . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your security credicted file number and batch numbers respectively in every correspondence with your claim agent . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your claim agent as soon as possible . congratulations once again from all members of our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . yours sincerely , mrs van roy , ( promotion manager ] check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com  
2	Subject: gss organizational changes i am pleased to announce the following additions to the enron global strategic sourcing operations group : effective june 1 , tracy ramsey has joined the group as a sourcing portfolio leader and cheryl slone has joined the group as a travel coordinator . in her new position , tracy will be responsible for overseeing all travel , entertainment and conference - related sourcing activities . she has held various positions within the travel industry and most recently served as manager of corporate travel for enron property and services corp . tracy will report directly to me . cheryl joined enron in 1998 as a travel coordinator . she brings more than seven years of travel industry experience to her new position . prior to joining enron , she most recently worked in travel management services for m . d . anderson cancer center . additionally , amanda becher has joined the group as a supply analyst . prior to joining enron , she held various positions in inventory planning and analysis . most recently , she served as a senior customer inventory analyst with w . w . grainger , inc . cheryl holds a b . b . a . in operations management from the university of houston . please join me in welcoming tracy , cheryl and amanda to the group . 
2	Subject: your paypal account dear valued paypal ® member : it has come to our attention that your paypal ® account information needs to be updated as part of our continuing commitment to protect your account and to reduce the instance of fraud on our website . if you could please take 5 - 10 minutes out of your online experience and update your personal records you will not run into any future problems with the online service . however , failure to update your records will result in account suspension . please update your records . once you have updated your account records , your paypal ® session will not be interrupted and will continue as normal . go to the link below . thank you . paypal ® security center . accounts management as outlined in our user agreement , paypal ® will periodically send you information about site changes and enhancements . visit our privacy policy and user agreement if you have any questions .  
2	Subject:  ? gb 2312 ? q ? want _ to _ establish _ the _ office _ in _ china  3 f ?  setting up an office in china can be very difficult if you are not familiar with the chinese legislation and requirements of different authorities . as a professional consulting company in china , century dragon helps foreign companies to set up office in china in the most cost effective way . - starting from usdl , 500 you will get your china representative office registered . the package includes office and tax registration , bank account opening and tax consulting service for the first one month . - with limited extra payment you will get additional services on taxation and legal consultants , office administrative works and business liasion . besides establishing office , century dragon can act as your office in china and develop business and market for you . check out our website for more information . please register your inquiry online or contact us at info @ century - dragon . com , one of our representatives will contact with you shortly . choose century dragon as your partner in china , we will lead you to the brilliant and spirited great china market ! to get removed from our mailing list , please return the email with the title unsubscribe .  
2	Subject: is it funny ? few , interest stay verb leave loud at . capital , stick many soft atom . hear wire early grow , travel grow same . it land grow carry begin short art . come port a what . able boy tool ocean hold . does road part tire story . else horse large which us . day , what above . good hurry , hour , short . oh night class while . last reason the final nothing . - - phone : 243 - 312 - 2946 mobile : 550 - 516 - 6401 email : surviving @ verizon . net  
2	Subject: room change and revised agenda : trading systems workshop - august 15 th the trading systems workshop will be held in room 46 cl from 10 : 00 to 17 : 00 tomorrow , august 15 th . please note the room change . below is a revised agenda . opening remarks - kevin presto / lloyd will east power project team , roles and responsibilities - debra bailey networks team and capability - steve nat ees team and capability - anthony dayao regulatory status across the north east , mid west , south east and ercot markets - andy rodriguez / lloyd will discussion : determine first market for project to focus on ; north east , mid west , south east or ercot ( initial indications are that pjm is the preferred market area ) - all review systems gaps identified by business owner : risk - stacey white settlement and volume management - thresa allen scheduling and trading - corry bentley final remarks / wrap - up - lloyd will lunch will be provided . see you tomorrow . debra - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lloyd will sent : thursday , august 02 , 2001 11 : 27 pm to : casey evans ; thresa a allen ; debra bailey ; steve nat ; mani vadari ( e - mail ) ; phil crosby ( e - mail ) ; corry bentley ; madhup kumar ; rebecca m grace ; dave nommensen ; david poston ; andy rodriquez cc : tom may ; kayne coulter ; leslie reeves ; kevin m presto ; christi l nicolay ; louise kitchen ; beth perlman ; tamara jae black ; claudia guerra ; anthony dayao ; sally beck ; bob m hall subject : trading systems workshop . we will be holding a trading systems workshop on wednesday august 15 th from 10 : 00 to 17 : 00 in meeting room 42 cl . the following areas will be reviewed with the objective to create a common vision on what the project team will be accomplishing in the next 6 months . note this is an informational meeting only and will be followed with decisional / scoping meetings in the following weeks . general areas that will be reviewed . ? introductions . ? opening remarks . - kevin presto / lloyd will ? review east power project team , roles and responsibilities . - debra bailey / lloyd will ? review networks team and capability - steve nat ? review regulatory status across the north east , mid west , south east and ercot markets . - andy rodriguez / lloyd will . ? discuss the market that we will be worked on first ; north east , mid west , south east or ercot . initial indications are that pjm is the preferred market area . - all ? review risk system gaps identified by business owner . - casey evans ? review settlement and volume management system gaps identified by business owner . - thresa allen ? review scheduling & trading system gaps identified by business owner . - corry bentley ? review next steps and project schedule . - debra bailey lunch will be arranged - claudia guerra - please send any special diet requests to claudia . please notify me of any additional items or changes we will need for this meeting . please invite additional additional staff that will assist with this business owners informational meeting . attached is an initial org chart and mission statement for your review and refinement . please indicate if you require a copy of the accenture report to prepare for this workshop . thanks . > 
2	Subject: the garp 2001 convention : invitation to speak invitation to speak garp 2001 the 2 nd annual risk management convention 13 th & 14 th february , 2001  ) marriott world trade center , new york dear kaminski further to my telephone conversation today with your secretary , shirley crenshaw , and on behalf of the global association of risk professionals , i have great pleasure in inviting you to speak at our 2 nd annual risk management convention  ) garp 2001 . this event has rapidly establishing itself as the risk management industry  , s most important meeting point . garp 2000 reflected the key concerns of risk management experts world - wide , with over 400 attendees in its first year . three simultaneous streams address traditional pricing and risk management techniques , along with specialised streams addressing new sectors , such as the corporate world and the insurance industry . with a speaker panel of over 55 senior and executive financial professionals from investment banks , regulatory bodies , asset management firms , academics , insurers / re - insurers , corporate and system providers this is the financial risk management event of the year . key areas that this convention will consider include market risk ( stress testing , liquidity , jump diffusion , evt ) , credit risk ( regulation , modeling , stress testing , credit portfolio management , credit derivatives ) , operational risk , ( regulation , data , modeling , validation , evt ) advanced asset & liability management , corporate / energy risk management and the insurance & capital markets . from my research and discussions with experts in this arena your name was highly recommended as a speaker for this event . below is the stream on corporate / energy risk management and i had in mind one of the sessions below for you . also , the topic titles are provisional and i am open to suggested alterations . corporate / energy risk management modelling corporate risk  ) risk management from a shareholder value perspective measuring energy risk  ) tackling price volatility , adapting var , scenario modelling and regulatory requirements forward pricing  ) construction of the forward curve , correlations , transparency issues the volatility challenge  ) modelling price volatility and examining the new products designed to stabilise volatility energy credit risk management garp is a not - for - profit , independent organisation of risk management practitioners and researchers from leading financial institutions world - wide . garp  , s mission is to facilitate the exchange of information , developing educational programs and promoting standards in the area of financial risk management . for more information please refer to our web site : www . garp . com i sincerely hope you will be able to accept this invitation and i look forward to hearing from you in due course . should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact me , otherwise i will call you again on to discuss this further . best regards andreas ps i have also attached a copy of garps 2000 program for your attention . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ andreas simou garp 2001 - conference producer tel ? + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9301 fax + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9900 - draft programme . doc - g 2000 b & wlowr . pdf 
2	Subject: ena analysts and associates as you know the ena otc is actively working with the analyst and associate program to develop greater talent flow into ena . we are presently working on a number of initiatives to improve how this is working and significantly improve communication flow and responsiveness . however in this regard we also need you to help make sure we have clear lines of communication within ena regarding a & a resource levels , performance , rotations and retention efforts . in this regard we would like for each of you to take the lead for your groups needs and ensure that any requests , questions or concerns about a & a ' s in your area are passed through you to either ted bland ( ena recuitment team lead - x 35275 ) or jana giovannani ( ena liaison from the aa program - x 39233 ) or myself . it is important that we are discerning about what we do with our a & a resources and plan carefully and accurately for our future needs , in this regard we need for you personally ( or a senior member of your team who you may optionally delegate this task to ) will take the time to review any a & a resource requests from your team before passing them onto us . in addition , given the importance of these resources , we will be inviting you to a regular bi - monthly meeting to discuss ena a & a matters . we will confirm the first date in due course . in the meantime if you would like to volunteer another senior member of your team to assume this reponsibility please supply their name as soon as possible . please call with any questions . 
2	Subject: completion must fall within the time line . ! ! loterie nationale . ! ! re : a formal notification of category " d " result . it is our great pleasure to inform you of the result of the just concluded annual final draws of the loterie nationale promotion programme . the online cyber draws was conducted from an exclusive list of 30 , 000 e - mail addresses of individual and corporate bodies picked by an advanced automated random computer selection from the web . no tickets were sold . after this automated computer ballot , your e - mail address emerged as one of five winners in the category " d " with the followings : ref number : lnp / g 211648 batch number : lnp gdn / 0016 - 4219 ticket number : 99180 / ul 550 serial number : bbln / 7490 / po 5312 lucky number : 15 - 102 - 00 - 441 you , as well as other winners are to receive a cash prize of 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 . ( two million , euros only ) each from the total payout . your prize awards has been insured with your e - mail address and will be transferred to you upon meeting our requirements , statutory obligations , verifications , validations and satisfactory report . to begin the claims processing of your prize winnings you are advised to contact our licensed and accredited claims agent for category " d " winners with the informations below : mrs . lynn wright global consult , tel : 0031 627 540 705 . email : lynnwright @ excite . it note : all winnings must be claimed not later than 14 days . after this date all unclaimed funds would be included in the next stake . remember to quote your reference information in all correspondence . you are to keep all winning information away from the general public especially your reference and ticket numbers . ( this is important as a case of double claims will not be entertained ) . anybody under the age of 18 and members of the affiliate agencies are automatically not allowed to participate in this program . thank you and congratulations ! ! ! yours faithfully , susan keegan 
2	Subject: and the final numbers for may are . . . iferc 1 , 240 , 000 ( last volume was 72084 on day 18 ) enron 930 , 000 ( last volume was 21667 on day 26 ) gas daily 1 , 033 , 416 ( last volume was 80000 on day 31 ) please advise , ami 
2	Subject: relief for all skin disorders chickweed healing salve " a natural way to healthy skin " a healing salve for skin problems such as . . . * psoriasis * skin cancer * rashes * sore throats * cuts * burns * hemorrhoids * poison ivy * colds * diaper rash * excema , and more ! good for all skin disorders all natural salve , made by cold infusion ingredients : chickweed , comfrey , mint , olive oil , beeswax , lavender , rosemary and eucalyptus . testimonial : i had a skin cancer on my right leg about the size of a dime . it had grown very fast and was infected . with daily use of chickweed healing salve the whole thing disappeared with 2 weeks without leaving a scar . - sheila holbrook , testimonial : my newly born baby , now one month old , had chronic diaper rash . several doctors had tried to get it to go away . . . nothing seemed to work , she continued to be raw and sore . she cried all the time . i tried your chickweed healing salve , putting it on that night . by the next morning she was much better . after using it for 2 days , she was completely cured . she is now a beautiful baby . she doesn ' t cry anymore . i paid $ 19 . 95 for it , however i would gladly have paid $ 100 . thanks so much . i will always keep it on hand . i will gladly give your product a good reference if anyone wants to give me a call . shellie cooper stanly , ks testimonial : i had these dark spots on my leg for 15 years . i ' m not sure what it was but it was growing ! after two months of using the chickweed healing salve the spots are almost gone . i also use it for dry skin on my heels and toes . its amazing stuff ! kirk b . testimonial : i had a rash under my arm for 9 months . i tried a lot of salves and lotions but nothing worked until i tried chickweed healing salve . i applied it 2 times a day and it went away within one month . i also had some spots on my face . within 3 and 1 / 2 weeks they were all gone . steve burington testimonial : i burned myself real bad across the chest , arms , and hands . i started using chickweed healing salve on my 3 rd day in the burn unit at university of louisville hospital and had immediate results . the nurses were impressed at the results , 8 days later i was released . - charles mulligan , athens , tntestimonial : does a lot of good for just about anything you use it for . - william byler , centerville , pa if you have a persistent skin problem that just won ' t go awaythis may be the relief you ' ve been looking for . call us and place your order today ! 281 - 681 - 3952 one 4 - oz tin container $ 19 . 95 + free sh two 4 - oz tin containers $ 29 . 95 + free sh send check money order or credit card payment to : chs laboratory 1007 whitestone lane houston , tx 77073 if you would like to place a credit card order call : 281 - 681 - 3952 we accept all major credit cards .  
2	Subject: project doorstep update the following are my updates on the calgary open items . # 1 - financial confirmations - calgary participated in a conference call with houston legal on this issue on june 15 th . sally beck is setting up a meeting with mark taylor to discuss concerns . # 2 - segregation of commercial / non - commercial support functions - completed . risk has set up a separate excel spreadsheet to verify to trader ' s . # 3 - enpower global data is currently being populated for calgary . we have requested access to the enpower test database , and will proceed with testing once we finish populating the global data ( 2 - 3 weeks ) . # 4 - term transactions bridging to sitara - need an update from beth perlman . # 5 - reporting unhedged currency risk - completed . our net currency position is now being sent to the controls group in houston each day as of june 26 th . # 6 - managing fx risk in various trading portfolios - progress continues - an offer to hire a currency trader will be sent out on june 27 th . this person will be responsible for the resolution of this issue . # 7 - provide info on gas exotic the power information is being provided to the controls group in the requested format . once we receive confirmation that the information is being pulled in correctly , we will proceed with populating the templates for the gas exotics . this will be completed by june 30 th . i will be out of the office the rest of this week . if you need clarification on any of these items , you can page me at 716 - 2808 . 
2	Subject: nobody beats our deals on presciption drugs buy your prescriptions for less with our on - line pharmacy you can save over 50 % on name brand medications . we sell everything from valium to vicodin . we ship directly to your door so it is more convenient for you as well . let us help you save some serious money on your medicine . never pay full price again . simply go here to see how much we can save you today . abscissa barge plenipotentiary detach sift missoula broglie jacksonian bawdy electrician mcclain solicitous adulterous gladden plummet destiny giuseppe jugoslavia herewith casket haddad drab tasmania lightning temerity visage airfoil nighttime arctic pullback bombay ballroom hereafter beta parliamentarian mimeograph barrage diesel hepburn monoid ignore sanctity littleneck psychoanalyst jubilee go here to be removed  
2	Subject: weekly deal report attached is the weekly deal report for 11 / 1 / 01 - 11 / 8 / 01 . lex carroll enron east power marketing , inc . midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: http : / / www . homenspector . com hello , i have visited www . homenspector . com and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: otc live ' s new home run oil stock otc bb : qoil dont sleep on this stock ! this is a hot one ! new orders all the time ! ! ! tscintroduced lastmonthsprl - - up over 145 % few days agowe have also introducedford - - up 31 % in 2 days we believe ( otc bb : qoil ) is also poised for a strong move as the fundamentals and anew project attract this stock as it is trading at a bargain full profile please visit www . otclive . com / qoil . htm oil prices are flirting with all time highs , and oil company stocks , which generally move with oil prices , have outperformed the market this year . some analysts say if you don ' t make oil stocks part of your portfolio you have to be nuts . $ 50 a barrel , $ 60 , $ 70 , $ 80 to $ 100 a barrel have been predicted . no one knows for sure how high it will go . most agree it will head higher . company overview quest oil corporations mission is to optimize the development of oil gas resources out of its petroleum licenses in order to create the greatest value for its shareholders . quest oil intends to accomplish this by managing the exploration process and only incorporating joint venture partners to execute our predetermined exploitation strategy . quest oil positions itself through its acquisitions with experienced resource developers . each property is selected as much for its own merits financially as it is for its strategic diversity , quest looks for undervalued opportunities in relatively stable economic / political environments . we are currently negotiating or reviewing licenses in canada , the usa , the south pacific and africa quest oil is positioning itself as a quality junior resource exploration company . as a us public company quest has access to the financial resources required to execute a full exploration program and ultimately extraction . latest news may 25 , 2005 quest oil initiates phase one drilling program for acadia north gas project may 19 , 2005 quest oil closes initial funding for acadia gas project may 16 , 2005 quest oil arranges $ 750 , 000 funding for acadia gas project may 13 , 2005 quest oil engages midtown partners to provide funding for acadia gas project acadia north gas project quest canada inc . , quest oil corporations wholly owned subsidiary , is about to launch development of the acadia north gas project . acadia north is the initial launch project for quest oil . the project was selected based on its reduced risk characteristics of proven reserves , substantial production in the area and the projects close proximity to several distribution pipelines allowing immediate access to market . the acadia project is located in southeast alberta near the saskatchewan border . acadia north consists of two sections totaling 1280 gross acres overlying the vast viking gas target . the arneson viking pool is a shoreface sand deposit and oriented in a ne - sw direction . the pool has been encountered by four previously drill wells since 1972 . the porous sand ranges from 30 feet to 46 feet thick and contains gas under lain by water . pay zone thickness ranges from 4 feet to 12 feet with a proven and probable recoverable reserve of 8 bcf at a market value of $ 24 million . according to chapman engineering of calgary , alberta when including the possible reserves identifies an underlying pool over twice the pud with a value of $ 45 million . on may 20 , 2005 quest oil completed and closed project financing for $ 750 , 000 usd . these funds will allow for immediate application for licensing and permitting of the two acadia sections . quest oils operator , transaction oil and gas ventures has been retained to provide turnkey development through to tie - in . survey crews are on site and over the next couple of weeks will determine drill site locations . drill rigs at present are being scheduled for mid - june and within a two week period will have completed the two well drill program . well depth is approximately 1 , 800 feet and within two days of active drilling target depth will be achieved . as the acadia project progresses through completion and tie - in , it is expected with a successful drill program , we will be in cash flow within sixty days . quest oil is actively searching and conducting economic reviews on several projects in north america and abroad . we have spent considerable amount of time and negotiations with governments in the middle east and are close to entering into a full development program . management will be releasing information on this endeavor within the next few weeks . priorities as a publicly traded oil and gas exploration and production company , quest oil is committed to managing and operating our global operations in a manner that protects the health and welfare of our employees , contractors , communities , and environment . we strive to comply and exceed all applicable health , safety and environmental rules , laws , regulations and internal standards . to accomplish this , quest will ; communicate health , safety and environmental requirements with managers , supervisors , employees and contractors , and ensure that expectations are clearly understood . incorporate health , safety and environmental considerations into business decisions . utilize management systems in conjunction with existing regulations . design and manage company facilities and activities to minimize health , safety and environmental risk . monitor our operations and that of our contractors by evaluating performance against systems , procedures and regulations , while simultaneously providing a foundation for continuous improvement . encourage operating partners to achieve levels of operations that are consistent with quest ' s established health , safety and environmental standards . provide resources and training to develop and properly implement health , safety and environmental policies , management systems , programs and procedures . communicate and respond openly to internal and external health , safety and environmental concerns . participate in efforts to enhance knowledge and improve technology , laws and regulations that promote sustainable energy production . north american oil and gas exploration quest oil corporation regards north america as their primary target for oil and gas projects at this stage , and are currently involved in negotiations with several significant properties in both canada and the united states . quest oil corp . is actively pursuing a select group of valuable north american oil and gas companies , with established revenues . the north american market provides a politically and economically stable environment , with exceptional infrastructure , thus providing greater shareholder value for stock holders . in addition , north america is the largest consumer of oil gas in the world , which ensures that the market in this region will remain strong for many years . technology the development and utilization of technology in the exploration , extraction and production of oil and gas is critical , and quest oil regards this sector a primary focus of the company . quest oil is currently exploring the acquisition of technology assets which aid in the forecasting , development and impact of oil and gas exploration . the need for more efficient methods of exploration and extraction provide will quest with a distinct advantage in the future oil and gas market . the growing need for technological development in the industry which measures and forecasts the environmental impact of oil and gas exploration is obvious . quest oil will fill this need , and create a distinct advantage in the oil and gas market as a result . for more info and powerpoint presentation , please visit www . otclive . com / qoil . htm disclaimer : tri - state capital feature stock reports are intended to be stock ideas , not recommendations . please do your own research before investing . it is crucial that you at least look at current sec filings and read the latest press releases . information contained in this report was extracted from current documents filed with the sec , the company web site and other publicly available sources deemed reliable . for more information see our disclaimer section , a link of which can be found on our web site . this document contains forward - looking statements , particularly as related to the business plans of the company , within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and sections 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by these sections . actual results may differ materially from the company ' s expectations and estimates . this is an advertisement for qoil . the purpose of this advertisement , like any advertising , is to provide coverage and awareness for the company . the information provided in this advertisement is not intended for distribution to , or use by , any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country . 1998 - 2005 tristatecapital . com all rights reserved . tri - state capital is not a registered broker / dealer or financial advisor , nor do we hold ourselves out to be . all materials presented on our web site and individual reports released to the public through this web site , e - mail or any other means of transmission are not to be regarded as investment advice and are only for informative purposes . before making a purchase or sale of any securities featured on our web site or mentioned in our reports , we strongly encourage and recommend consultation with a registered securities representative . this is not to be construed as a solicitation or recommendation to buy or sell securities . as with any stock , companies we select to profile involve a degree of investment risk and volatility . particularly small - caps and otc - bb stocks . all investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they decide to make a purchase in any of our profiled companies . past performance of our profiled stocks is not indicative of future results . the accuracy or completeness of the information on our web site or within our reports is only as reliable as the sources they were obtained from . the profile and opinions expressed herein are expressed as of the date the profile is posted on site and are subject to change without notice . no investor should assume that reliance on the views , opinions or recommendations contained herein will produce profitable results . tri - state capital may hold positions in securities mentioned herein , and may make purchases or sales in such securities featured on our web site or within our reports . in order to be in full compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , tri - state capital will disclose in it ' s disclaimer , what , if any compensation was received for our efforts in researching , presenting and disseminating this information to our subscriber database and featuring the report on the tri - state capital web site . tri - state capital has been compensatedeight thousand dollars by a third party for its efforts in presenting the qoil profile on its web site and distributing it to its database of subscribers as well as other services . tri - state capital may decide to purchase or sell shares on a voluntary basis in the open market before , during or after the profiling period of this report . as of the profile date , no shares have been sold . information presented on our web site and within our reports contain " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned . investing in small cap securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . we encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) at : http : / / www . sec . gov and / or the national association of securities dealers ( nasd ) at http : / / www . nasd . com . readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec ' s edgar page . the nasd has published information on how to invest carefully at its web site . 350 5 th ave . , ste . 630 new york , ny 10118 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . 
2	Subject: credit watch list - - week of 10 / 29 / 01 attached is a revised credit watch listing for the week of 10 / 29 / 01 . please note that co - steel , inc . was placed on " call credit " this week . if there are any personnel in your group that were not included in this distribution , please insure that they receive a copy of this report . to add additional people to this distribution , or if this report has been sent to you in error , please contact veronica espinoza at x 6 - 6002 . for other questions , please contact jason r . williams at x 5 - 3923 , veronica espinoza at x 6 - 6002 or darren vanek at x 3 - 1436 . 
2	Subject: combat your fears hi , let ' s be honest , if you want your mate to be happy you ' ll need this . try me you ' ll thank me for it . chamberlain layup socrates bonaventure calumny bluejacket commercial parke limitation jasper library presbytery addition impotent kiddie blumenthal author astigmatic notice connivance http : / / nsl . webdocc . biz / en / 10 / ganglion tell me what you think , earl 
2	Subject: medical , pediatrics , doctors american directory 40 , 000 hospitals , 172 , 000 senior hospital administrators and 400 , 000 doctors . 7 , 000 hospitals , 172 , 000 senior hospital administrators . pre _ publication offer of $ 247 . 00 ( reg . $ 1 , 299 ) . " the new american hospital marketing guide is an extremely cost - effective way of increasing your marketing efforts " . david stanford , chicago , il . in response to numerous inquiries from healthcare marketers , healthline publications corp . is introducing the new american hospital marketing guide . the new guide is an attempt to assist healthcare professionals to target hospital decision - makers throughout the country . the guide includes administrators in hospitals in the united states such as ceos , cfos , directors ( surgery , nursing , purchasing , etc . ) in addition to mailing addresses , fax and phone numbers , the publication includes important hospital stats such as number of beds , hospital type , hospital number and staff size . in a rapidly - changing industry , current healthcare information is an invaluable resource to businesses and organizations . the new american hospital marketing guide includes comprehensive information on more than 7 , 000 hospitals and 172 , 000 administrators . it is the most extensive and database of key decision - makers in the health care market . each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone and fax . the database is available in excel format on cd rom . it is designed for mailing lists and merges . the data can be selected by state or other criteria such as type of practice . it can be used on an unlimited basis . if you are interested in identifying and contacting hospital decision - makers most likely to benefit from your product or service , the new american hospital guide will save you time and money . to order the new american hospital guide , simply fill out the information below and fax it to 416 760 - 3763 ( tel : 416 760 - 3762 ) . bonus offer : new customer offer . order now and receive free of charge our marketing publication : build a successful healthcare marketing campaign . this popular publication offers a number of strategies relating to effective marketing of healthcare products . name : title : company : address : city : zip : tel : fax : email : healthline publications 211 east lombard st . # 291 baltimore , md 21202 - 8102 
2	Subject: strictly confidential strictly confidentialdr . hassan bello . director , accounts and audit , nigerian national petroleum corporation ( n . n . p . c ) telephone number : 234 - 803 - 4748664 fax number : 234 - 1 - 4401002 dear sir , how are you today . i got your contact from the internet following this and other investigations resulting in a good recommendation . we have decided to contact you to help us with the legaltransfer of us $ 28 , 600 , 000 . 00 ( twenty - eight million sixhundred thousand united states dollars ) . the amountstated above resulted from an over - invoiced contractexecuted for the nigerian national ( n . n . p . c . ) for which the contractors havebeen fully paid . because this money was part of theoverall contract sum amounting to close to ( us $ 100 , 000 , 000 : 00 ) that has been completed . the said amount has remained dormant and floating inour apex bank . therefore , we will raise to enable us transfer into an account thatis yet to be nominated . we need a foreign partner , because as civil servants , the code of conduct doesnot allow us to operate foreign bank accounts . hencewe solicit for your assistance , we are requesting youto provide us with the help for the safekeeping ofthis money until our arrival in your country tocollect our share and decide on of this money . for your assistance in this transaction , we haveunanimously agreed to offer you 30 % of this money , 5 % will be used in settling any incidental expenses thatmay arise and the remaining amount will be for us . toenable the prompt transfer of this money , kindly sendto us your personal details , contact information bank details in full . we look forward to hearing from you and thanking youfor your anticipated cooperation and consideration inthe above subject matter . please be informed that wewould appreciate the handling of this transaction in aconfidential manner . we sincerely advise that youcontact us on the above telephone and fax numbers tomaintain the confidentiality of the business . sendinge - mail will be appreciated . i await for your response . thanks and god bless . dr hassan bello . does your mail provider give you a free online calendar ? yahoo ! does . get yahoo ! mail 
2	Subject: debt trading losses we have discovered two positions in the debt trading book which were not being marked to market . the current mark of the 2 positions results in approximately $ 4 . 7 million loss . the details are in : the primary control issues are : ? trader did not adjust price to reflect the effect of market movements ? operations did not perform monthly price verification processes ? desk management failed to recognize that the marks on these two trades had not moved over the term of the transactions ( ql ' 00 - nov 15 th ) the losses have been recognized and a full review of the book is ongoing by operations . the trader has been relieved of his responsibilities and we will implement the steps agreed with operations to ensure that we have a robust approach to controls for the debt trading book going forward . 
2	Subject: no more traffic cameras hi if you are tired of traffic tickets , you can now hide your car plate number from red light cameras . this new invention render photo cops and camera useless anywhere in the world . order yours now ! read review by major news network below now the third product is that spray that is surprisingly effective , it puts a high gloss finish on your plate which causes a reflection that makes the plate overexposed so its practically impossible for police to spot plates that have been treated with the reflective spray and in many jurisdictions there ' s no specific rule that your tag must be photogenic . - michael garjulo fox 5 news this is a high gloss spray that even the bakersfield police department admits they have a hard time proving whats on your plate . - cbs news the product works . state law makes outlawed plate covers , but the statute doesn ' t specifically address sprays - nbc at the time being australian , authorities are powerless to stop its use , let alone catch those who are using it . - australian news click here watch video clips from the above media and order don ' t let them take your cash in a flash ! ! ! make your licence plate invisible click here if you would not like to receive future mailings .  
2	Subject: 2002 plan expenses estimate commercial : $ 269 ( includes facility costs ) support depts / corp charges : $ 299 ( includes estimated $ 100 m for bonuses ) 
2	Subject: re [ 18 ] please alyssa milano did you fear malethings do happen . when it was 
2	Subject: re : erc financing with regards to the existing deal , the setup costs and timeline was primarily the result of working out the kinks on legal / accounting structures to find a deal structure both sides could live with . i would hope costs would be lower on future additions . having said that , though , the underlying inventory items would have to be evaluated by the lenders for residual value and liquidity . to the degree the underlying asset would support less than book value upon a quick liquidation , the put / call price protection embeds more enron risk in the financing . in the current environment , i am less than confident i could sell the unsecured enron piece shortly . jim , can you stay point on this exercise for the ercs and other items . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: featured profile running at the right time penny stock flyer ' s | ast choice on jan 21 was vtyc at . 06 with an immediate target of . 22 , it hit . 27 in 4 days . next immediate penny stock flyer : american idc corp . otc : acni price : . 04 - near 52 - week low , load - up eariy projected to tripie in 7 days major breaking news : acni launches broadband internet tv , technologica | | y superior to aol tv ciips and movie trailers . acni is the internet success story for 2 oo 5 making them the hottest undervalued stock at this price | evel where shares are ready to expiode on huge investor attention . acni has compieted the woridwide launch of its revoiutionary broadband internet teievision , solidifying expiosive revenues for this proprietary video technoiogy powerhouse . acni is positioned much like today ' s cabie tv giants that invested heavily in their technology over 2 o years ago and are now earning a thousand times over what was initially spent each year from their current subscribers . acni ' s programming through its loo % company - owned network , e - tvhoilywood , is the first ful | - screen broadband digita | streaming channel on the internet in high - definition ( hd ) quality . the technologica | break through that suppiies the groundwork for record setting muiti - mi | | ions for acni is powered by mpeg 2 using movie industry code which aliows for the necessary transcoding into video for broadband . the driving force behind acni ' s technoiogy that enabies streaming 24 / 7 broadband internet teievision , by comparison , is more highly sophisticated than the partia | movie trailers or 15 - second ciips from " top tv moments " shown by aol to subscribers . combine the fact that acni is constantly offering thousands of revenue generating ho | | ywood ciassic movies , with expanding content of sports , music , educational , teievision series , and children ' s programming , cleariy provides a superior cutting - edge advantage keeping the company at the forefront in the fastest growing sector of the internet . the market entered by acni in each country becomes a hub for broadband internet technology aliowing user compatibiiity with thousands of wireless gioba | hot - spots . upcoming revenue figures should be nothing short of staggering from the convergence of recently signed distribution a | | iances and technologica | partners ensuring consumer access in highly profitabie markets . acni is in the early stages of a major upside move predicated on an estimated fioat under 2 o million shares and a very modest market vaiue at around 1 . 5 million . acni receives our highest rating for expiosive short - term gains with the stock at its | ow combined with a | ack of awareness by investors of the gains cemented by recent accomplishments . early investors acquiring sizable biocks wi | | be rewarded at these levels as we beiieve the volume and share price wiil spira | with out of control momentum immediateiy , enabling acni to become our next pick to surpass its projected 3 oo % gain . disclosure : the information and opinions in the penny stock flyer ( psf ) stock profiie are based on sources beiieved to be reiiabie but no representation is made to its accuracy or completeness . past performance is not an indicator of future resuits . this report is a paid stock profiie and is for information purposes only and shouid not be used as the basis for any investment . psf has been compensated ten thousand do | | ars for the preparation of this profile and for continuing coverage of the featured company . psf is not an investment advisor and this profiie is not to be considered investment advice . this information is neither a solicitation to purchase nor an attempt to sell securities . information herein contains future looking statements and is subject to significant risks and uncertainties . psf is not a hoider of any shares and wil | not participate in the trading of shares of any profiied company . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our | ist , please go here ( - stoxo 008 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: neon here are the verses . see you tonight . love , me - scripture . doc 
2	Subject: re : job application thank you . nurit nurit krausz , ph . d . http : / / www . ma . utexas . edu / users / nurit / dept . of mathematics phone : ( 512 ) 471 - 7170 university of texas at austin office : rlm 11 . 170 hours : mwf 8 : 30 - 10 on thu , 2 mar 2000 , vince j kaminski wrote : > > > nurit , > > we shall schedule a phone interview for you sometimes next week . > my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 853 5290 ) , will call you to discuss the > timing . > > vince kaminski > > > > > > > nurit krausz on 03 / 01 / 2000 10 : 44 : 00 am > > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect > cc : nurit krausz > subject : job application > > > > > dear dr . kaminski , > > i currently hold a post - doctorate position in the mathematics > department at the university of texas at austin ( with a ph . d . > in theoretical physics ) . although my position here is renewable > until summer 2001 , i would like to move on to a more dynamic field > where i can still use my analytical skills and mathematical knowledge . > since attending a series of lectures on mathematical finance given > by dr . marc potters last summer i started studying the subject on my > own and found it intriguing and challenging . > > i am interested in a position in your group ( rac ) at enron . > last fall in a career seminar at ut you mentioned that people who are > interested can send you their resume . if this is still relevant , please > find below my resume ( in word 97 and text formats ) . > thank you for your time . > > yours , > nurit krausz > > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > nurit krausz , ph . d . http : / / www . ma . utexas . edu / users / nurit / > dept . of mathematics phone : ( 512 ) 471 - 7170 > university of texas at austin office : rlm 11 . 170 hours : mwf 8 : 30 - 10 > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > > resume > > nurit krausz > university of texas > department of mathematics > austin , tx 78712 > phone : ( 512 ) 471 - 7170 > e - mail : nurit @ math . utexas . edu > http : / / rene . ma . utexas . edu / users / nurit / > > objective > > a position in the field of mathematical finance utilizing broad > mathematical knowledge , innovative thinking and creativity . > > summary of qualifications > > with extensive academic background and research experience , > combined with experience as an engineer in the israeli air force , > i possess the following : > * deep mathematical and scientific knowledge . > * strong analytical and problem - solving skills . > * proven ability to quickly become an expert in new subjects . > * ability to present clearly and effectively complicated subjects . > * ability to work productively both independently and in teams . > > academic positions > > 1998 - present : post - doctorate position at the university of texas > at austin , department of mathematics . > > education > > 1994 - 1998 : d . sc . in physics at the technion - israel inst . of tech . > research thesis : quantum dynamics on non - compact group manifolds . > supervisor : prof . m . marinov . > > 1992 - 1994 : m . sc . in physics at the technion - israel inst . of tech . > research thesis : a study of scintillation in doped silica glass > for detection of neutrino oscillation . > supervisor : prof . j . goldberg . > the experiments were performed at cern during the summer of 1993 . > * performed the design , testing , and installation of the experimental > setup from remote - controlled mechanical equipment to sophisticated > electronics . > * performed statistical data analysis and critical interpretation of > results using software developed at cern ( paw ) . > * solved a complicated problem of track reconstruction through an > unusually shaped magnet for the chorus collaboration at cern , and > delivered a computer code ready for implementation , still in use > today . > > 1985 - 1989 : b . sc . in aeronautical engineering cum laude at the > technion - israel institute of technology . > > military service > > 1989 - 1992 : aeronautic design engineer in the israeli air force . > rank : first lieutenant . > * designed and supervised numerous prototype installations of > electronic equipment and changes in combat planes . > * wrote procedures for harsh environmental durability tests for cockpit > and avionics bay - mounted equipment . > * negotiated and supervised manufacturing of parts with contractors . > * attended project management , engineering and product reliability > and maintenance courses . > * programmed simulations of ammunition trajectories from moving > aircrafts . > > teaching experience : > > 1998 - present : lecturer at the university of texas > undergraduate courses : precalculus , calculus , linear algebra > graduate course : theory of lie groups > > 1992 - 1997 physics department , technion , teaching assistant > undergraduate course : elementary lab in mechanics > graduate courses : group theory for physics , > introduction to particle physics , relativistic quantum mechanics . > > computer knowledge : > > unix and windows os , most common word processors , excel , > maple , mathematica , fortran , html , latex . > > publications : > > 1 . j . goldberg and n . krausz , response of cerium - doped silica glass > in a beam at cern , proceedings of the scifi conference , notre dame > university , notre dame , indiana ( 1993 ) . > 2 . n . krausz and m . s . marinov , quantal dynamics on non - compact > groups , proceedings of the 5 th international wigner symposium , > world scientific ( 1998 ) , 398 . > 3 . n . krausz and m . s . marinov , exact evolution operator on > non - compact group manifolds , quant - ph / 9709050 , > submitted to j . of math . phys . > 4 . n . krausz , spherical averages in minkowski space , in preparation . > 5 . n . krausz , quantum field theory in minkowski space , in preparation . > > > 
2	Subject: sexuaal rebirth hello , i am dating ayounger woman ( 21 ) . before we began dating i was hearing stories of guys younger than me taking vitamin v . guys in their 20 ' s and thirties were using vlagrra and so i decided that i needed that same edge the younger guys were getting . 25 mg is best for me and i have found that vlagrra makes me a super stud and the girl rides me and always has an orgasm or two . it has made me much better in bed and i give her some very long and extended foreplay now . it has really helped my confidence knowing that if needed i can give it to her any time she wants it . v . has to be the greatest invention since sliced bread . try it with pharamccybymaii shop hell of a place , i said . fields of narcissi that grew on the meadows , and how we wer the hell with them , i said . those are the ones you get in you know how fond i am of him . i like him as well as i li thats the sort of trip to make , though , pop said . po pop was puzzled why the rhino were all gone . each day we had see you . the other . it was a big job to do for the two of them , working learned to make it very well . it , red over the trees , nudged him and he grinned . mcola offe plenty nervous by the time droopy stopped and shook his head an and i had shot badly twice on the trip , at that grant and at a b waiting . i was so surprised by the way he had rolled over dead fr will . 
2	Subject: ferc order bill , the $ 108 . 08 price you see in footnote # 3 of the e - mail titled caiso notice : correction of ferc june 19 order market notice is the highest hourly ex - post price during the last stage 1 . the $ 91 . 87 price is 85 % of $ 108 . 08 per the ferc order . the last stage 1 occurred on trade date 5 / 31 / 01 , he 10 and 11 . a stage 2 was in effect from 1132 - 2215 . see http : / / www . caiso . com / docs / 09003 a 6080 / 08 / 8 a / 09003 a 6080088 aa 7 . xls , 2001 emergency detail tab . the hourly ex post price can be found in oasis under button 29 , ex post market information on the caiso website . the order indicates that the price should not include a stage 2 and 3 and even though the cancellation notice of the stage lwas not until he 23 we are going by the strict definition of when the stage 1 was actually implemented . hope this helps . keoni almeida california independent system operator phone : 916 / 608 - 7053 pager : 916 / 814 - 7352 alpha page : 9169812000 . 1151268 @ pagenet . net e - mail : 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail iisted software is availabie for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few examples : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native language ! best regards , ava  
2	Subject: txu fuels / sds nomination for january 2001 attached is the january 2001 nomination for our takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuel ( previously tufco ) and sds . please advise should you have any questions concerning the attached . thanks , ccs ( see attached file : sdsnom . xls ) - sdsnom . xls 
2	Subject: samson lone star limited daren , i am trying to process two invoices from samson resources co . ( samson lone star limited ) for september 2000 and october 2000 . the volume is at carthage hub . i have not been able to find this volume in unify for either month . samson has faxed me their confirmation and your name is listed as the contact . do you know the sitara number for these deals ? thanks . laurie ellis 
2	Subject: ena a & a john / louise as of now i will also be working on the general a & a pool for ena as well as working with you on the trading and orig . tracks . i just got the numbers from the a & a program on the ena participation on the forthcoming a & a fantastic friday / super saturday interview dates . as you can see ena ' s participation is very low ( pretty dismal ) . the de - brief sessions basically allows interviewers to select the candidates to their groups there and then . . . so ena has to be there . oct 26 has only 5 ena interviewers all the remaining interviewers are ees and eim . i know ees are stacking quite heavy on the a & a side . therefore , i will shortly be e : mailing your direct reports to solicit their and their direct report ' s participation in these interviews . it would be helpful if this could be re - inforced by you . many thanks ! . karen . 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at mailhub . ihlas . net . tr . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : 213 . 238 . 131 . 164 failed after i sent the message . remote host said : 554 mail server permanently rejected message ( # 5 . 3 . 0 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 16688 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 00 : 19 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 218 . 73 . 17 . 237 ) by 0 with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 00 : 19 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 30524165 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : anufoza @ turkiyehastanesi . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivabie ! 
2	Subject: stamp out s _ p _ @ _ m paliourg hello , this pro 4 gram wo 3 rked for me . if you hate s 8 pa _ m like i do , you o w e it to your self to try this pro 8 gram , and forward this email to all of your fri 8 ends which also hate s + p 5 a + m or as many people possilble . together lets help clear the internet of s 9 p * a + m ! stop . s _ p * a 4 m in its tr . acks ! do you get jun 7 k , scams and wo . rse in your i . nbox every day ? are you sic . k of s . pending valuable time re . movi . ng the trash ? is your ch . ild recei . ving inapprolpriate a _ dul 6 t material ? if so you sh . ould know that no othe . r solution wo . rks better then our softw . are to return con . trol of your e . mail back where it belo . ngs ! ima 3 gine being abl . e to read your impor 3 tant em . ail without loo . king thr . ough all that s 3 p + a * m . . . c . lic _ k bel . ow to vist our website : st . op it www . . biz chaperone presumptive dwarves gunk crater exasperate inoperative bewhisker nouveau everhart persuasive feminism auerbach schweitzer cholera dreyfuss dartmouth clifton gaucherie pershing calvert ektachrome affectation epoch predominant  
2	Subject: re : synfuel option valuation lenny , i believe that you must have done your home work on the the tax credit issue . however , it may make sense to create some kind of reserve in case the tax credit is removed in the future . i am glad that you like the way we treat the tax credit , which is built into the strike price for the digital option . with the tax credit , it is most likely the option will be exercised . paulo issler is the person who worked on this model initially . he will be back this wednesday . we can talk to him about the standard deviation he put into the model . zimin lenny hochschild @ enron 02 / 12 / 2001 08 : 15 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : synfuel option valuation zimin , thanks for your e - mail . sorry for the late reply , i was travelling last week . i ' m under the impression that the with the new administration , there is a greater chance that section 29 will be extended beyond 2007 than repealed . if this happens , we contractually have the right to extend this contract . we have not valued the chance of this happening , so i don ' t think we should value the chance of this not happening . anyways , let me speak to my supervisor on this and revert . in the meantime , i looked over the amendment you made with regard to adding the second strike of the tax credit and think this is now reflective of the deal and am happy with it . i still do not understand a few things re : where did the st . deviations come from . i believe you said that someone who works for you put this together but was away last week . please revert with his / her name so that i can get together and understand this . thanks . lenny zimin lu @ ect 02 / 06 / 2001 01 : 09 pm to : lenny hochschild / na / enron @ enron cc : eric groves / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : synfuel option valuation lenny , i think we had a good discussion about the deal valuation . one thing , i think you are prefectly aware of it , is that the economics of this deal is driven by the tax credit ( $ 25 . 03 ) . the risk on our side is that if the tax credit is removed , aig will not deliver the synfuel and pay $ 4 . 55 to us . vince mentioned that congress might act quickly enough to eliminate the tax benefit . i just want to remind you we should take this risk into consideration . zimin ps : i changed the results in sheetl slightly . the values in column a was shifted by 0 . 5 . use the attached model . 
2	Subject: re : re - start / integration planning louise , i have master counterparty lists from credit , legal and eol . milnthorp and i are getting input from the various desks - we have " national accounts " , large regionals and customers . they are ranked by volume and include type of contract , entity name , credit limits , etc . there are approx 50 counterparties that we want to hit in the first week of business . we will have some good detail by jan 7 . regards , chris - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: txu nom . for 9 / 27 / 00 ls katy ic will remain on zero . will try to pull firm gas at teco as system conditions allow . ( see attached file : hplo 927 . xls ) - hplo 927 . xls 
2	Subject: update on review work on feeds fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 03 / 10 / 2000 19 : 46 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mike jordan 03 / 10 / 2000 19 : 42 to : debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect cc : simon sear / eu / enron @ enron , doug imrie / lon / ect @ ect , hugo moreira / lon / ect @ ect , david hardy / lon / ect @ ect subject : update on review work on feeds debbie just to update you i am working with the above people to complete two things : attendance of the daily conference call to assess process and timing compliance - hugo documentation of the end to end business and it process flows and timing and handoffs within that - doug and simon ' s representative from it ( timing of delivery and scope of report to be completed ) i will revert shortly mike 
2	Subject: student number 89876 good day , this is a limited special offer directly from our admissions office . you are now qualified to obtain a degree from a prestigious university . no required tests , classes , books , or interviews . . . degree ' s are given based on life experiences . bachelors , masters , mba , and doctorate ( phd ) are available in the field of your choice . discrete and very affordable - everyone eligible . no one is turned down . we send the certificate to all countries ( worldwide ) click below and fill out a short form and you will be on your way to a better future . http : / / betterjobsfindyou . com / ? partid  wh 6 sincerley dr . dominic voss director of admissions no future offers : http : / / betterjobsfindyou . com / st . html xkiewitlconsideratekyuki 9 coset  
2	Subject: wti crude price and ny harbor resid prices vs henry hub and new york city gate gas by month michael , can you , please , provide this information . let me take a look at it before it ' s released . thanks . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2000 08 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - margaret carson @ enron 04 / 06 / 2000 04 : 15 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : wti crude price and ny harbor resid prices vs henry hub and new york city gate gas by month vince i am doing some advocacy for ena to refute a law suit about changes in gas prices spiking in new york in dec 1999 - jan / mar 2000 compared to dec 1998 - jan / mar 1999 . for the december 1998 through march 2000 16 month period can you please have someone in your group provide me with a set of avg monthly prices for wti oil and ny harbor resid vs henry hub and ny city gate avg monthly prices during this period ? thanks for helping us out on this . margaret 
2	Subject: enron / ets code of ethics as officers of the company , we would like to reiterate that we are all responsible for conducting the business affairs of the company in accordance with all applicable laws and in a moral and honest manner . at this particular point in time , we would like to revisit our business ethics policy :  & employees of the company are charged with conducting their business affairs in accordance with the highest ethical standards . an employee shall not conduct himself or herself in a manner , which directly or indirectly would be detrimental to the best interests of the company or in a manner , which would bring to the employee financial gain separately derived as a direct consequence of his or her employment with the company .  8 please realize  & conducting our business affairs in accordance with the highest ethical standards  8 should be reflected in all communications . this applies to communication via person to person , telephone , correspondence , fax and e - mail . we particularly want to address the importance of absolute integrity in your communications via e - mail and any attached documents or graphics . if further clarification is needed , please contact your advisor / director for any questions or concerns . we are available to discuss these issues as well . the code of ethics was revised in july of this year and every employee was asked to sign a new certificate of compliance statement . this signed statement serves as your personal agreement to comply with the policies set forth during the term of your employment with the company . the code of ethics booklet , and the certificate of compliance are avaliable to all employees on the enron home page at http : / / home . enron . com / . you may access them by clicking on code of ethics . we are proud of enron and we want it to continue to enjoy a reputation for fairness and honesty that is respected . let  , s keep that reputation high . 
2	Subject: scathe lose your weight . new weightloss loses vp to 19 % . mailman q . 100 women surveyed , would you have with bill clinton ? a . 80 % said not again . the horse performed some wonderful kicking and even eureka assisted when she leaped bodily upon the gargoyles and scratched and bit at them like a wild - cat but all this bravery amounted to nothing at all vicosdin , xapnax , phentryrmeine and much morbe - sameeday shiapping ! the wooden things wound their long arms around zeb and the wizard and held them fast dorothy was captured in the same way , and numbers of the gargoyles clung to jim ' s legs , so weighting him down that the poor beast was helpless q . what ' s green and smells like monica lewinsky ? pogodena tyrfing n 2 himminbjerg a . the pool table in the oval office .  
2	Subject: interesting medical tip : do you feel the energy do you still feel the rush v ' 1 . c ' o * d _ 1 - n 75 o m . gg 3 o pi | | s 169 . oo do you want this stuff same day shlpp 1 ng to stop please reply joan manley paviour fibrogen , inc . , south san francisco , ca 94080 , united states of america phone : 177 - 517 - 7584 mobile : 117 - 145 - 1639 email : zugeljz @ aufeminin . com please do not reply to this message this version is a 78 second trial file notes : the contents of this information is for attention and should not be go centrist inseminate batch petrol time : wed , 12 jan 2005 01 : 15 : 01 - 0800 
2	Subject: protest procedures for u . s . enron facilities to all senior management in the past few months , there have been protests at various enron offices . these protests have been primarily by consumer and other advocacy groups representing different energy interests . attached are security and public relations procedures to help you manage a protest should one arise at your facility . feel free to provide this document to leaders in your organization as appropriate . thank you . mark palmer vice president , corporate communications 713 853 - 4738 
2	Subject: this 6 . 3 megapixel canon dig cam could yours ! > 
2	Subject: " internet for knowledge worker productivity workshop " and " customer complaint management workshop " seminar ë? ¡ ã?âåðàíõâ ´ ´ é?Þåè? § äáèáê ´ § ê?á?ã ¶ ´ ùã?âåðàíõâ ´ ä ´ é · õè unsubscript please reply to unsubemail @ poppymail . com  
2	Subject: rfp dated june 25 , 2001 return receipt your rfp dated june 25 , 2001 document : was received dick boerner / lsg / enserch / us by : at : 04 : 15 : 49 pm today 
2	Subject: splink . net hi , i ' ve noticed that you are not listed on some search engines by visiting http : / / splink . net , so i ' d like to introduce you our service , workmiracle . our service will help you to build a better web presence . we offer a star solution that will produce guaranteed results . our unique search engine positioning technology helps submit your website to over 600 , 000 search engines and directories every month . you can sign up for our service in a few minutes . and we are surely to surprise you by our excellent service , which will largely increase the accesses of your website . for further details you could log in http : / / www . workmiracle . com or free to email shirleyspark @ workmiracle . com do let me know how i may better assist you with workmiracle . com ! best wishes , workmiracle . com http : / / www . workmiracle . com not interested in our www . workmiracle . com service ? to be taken off our mailing list , please follow the instructions here .  
2	Subject: the garp 2001 convention dear mr kaminski ? please find attached important information concerning the garp 2001 convention , which will be held in new york between 13 th and 14 th february , 2001 . ? please respond by the 6 th september so that all your details are correctly put into the brochure and our web site . should you have any queries please do not hesitate to contact me . ? i look forward to working with you and to seeing you in new york in february . ? kind regards ? andreas _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ andreas simou garp 2001 - conference producer tel ? + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9301 fax + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9900 - kaminski . doc 
2	Subject: hpl nom for april 7 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 407 . xls ) - hplno 407 . xls 
2	Subject: summary of last 6 months projects dear dale , stinson & vince , i would like to take this opportunity to communicate some information to summarise the projects of the past six months . firstly , by all accounts it has been an amazing few months for me - i believe that i have kept a large number of commercial group heads very happy . however , not all are aware of my activities , so , many people ( e . g . john sherriff , richard lewis , steve young etc . ) will not know of everything i have done . for example the amount of work that i put into the inflation models and the extent to which i was critical for the successful building of those curves and the consequent impact ( o 7 + million for ql ) and similar large p & l swings for eastern contract optionality ( short virtual power station ) based upon my uk power vol curve generator . for your benefit , i have compiled a shortlist of the main projects worked on over the past five / six months : 1 ) inflation curve modelling ( february and march + april internal audit + june external audit ) 2 ) uk power monthly vol curve generator & ideas for half - hourly vol curve 3 ) nordic power monthly vol curve generator 4 ) energydesk . com models & support 5 ) real options : options to build / extend power stations ( e . g . wessex deal , anti - freeze project ) 6 ) continental power non - generic options ( using arbitrary trader - specified distributions ) 7 ) global products : non - generic options modelling and new commodity forward curve construction ( benzene fwd curve from naphtha ) 8 ) exotic options library upgrade / model test / bug fixes ( e . g . testing new / old asian models ) 9 ) continental gas volatility curve construction 10 ) communication objective i : two presentations to enron europe staff , one to oslo office 11 ) communication objective ii : meetings to gather information and present results 12 ) fas 133 : working with internal and external auditors on matching financial and physical ( accrual ) hedges - hedge effectiveness 13 ) oslo trip : bringing oslo up to speed on exotica and option valuation 14 ) houston research staff : co - ordinating communication / meetings to maximise productivity 15 ) valuation / marketing of power put options for banks that hold senior and sub debt in merchant power plant meeting breakdown : initiated by me it is clear that i have been critical to large p & l sensitive projects and hope that i can continue to help enhance earnings going forward . regards , anjam x 35383 
2	Subject: re : hpl sale - energy operations task list sally , thanks for our meeting last week . please let me know if you don ' t think we ' ve sufficiently defined the deliverable for business ops . based on feedback from louise - you and i still may not be clearly communicating yet as to what is required . specifically , aep and enron need to agree in writing for each business ops " process " or function : 1 . who is going to carry out the business ops processes before and after close . 2 . how control over the process will be handed over from enron to aep . 3 . the necessary it actions required to put the required system functionality in place ( and who is responsible for implementing this ) . the table you developed at the end of last week ( based on bob ' s email ) moves closer to this point . as we discussed on the phone , we need to provide a description of the deliverables for each of the " systems / activities " you listed on the table and ensure that aep understands ( and signs off on ) what they are responsible for . to anne ' s point , this " sign off " can be through a memo , protocol , acknowledged email , or other . we have been having a problem in that one part of aep does not talk to the other part . so , i would like to encapsulate and elevate the individual bob hall / steve jackson discussions so that all relevant levels of aep ( and enron ) understand what is being agreed before we close . each tuesday at 4 : 00 we have a standing hpl transition coordination meeting to discuss the status of the deliverables from each group . you are welcome to attend this meeting or the separate meeting we have now established each wednesday with bob h . and tommy y . to concentrate on hpl / it / business ops matters . sally , thanks for you personal attention to this . the quicker we close the quicker bob can focus more of his time on network ' s origination efforts . regards , brian enron north america corp . from : sally beck 03 / 30 / 2001 03 : 34 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect cc : bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , anne c koehler / hou / ect @ ect , anne c koehler / hou / ect @ ect subject : hpl sale - energy operations task list i talked with anne koehler in legal today to determine her understanding of what is required from energy operations prior to the effective sale of hpl . anne believes that she may have been the one to introduce the term " protocol " into these discussions . to clarify , according to anne , the " protocol " is not anticipated to be a formal legal document . instead , anne envisions simply e : mails or memos between enron and aep with regard to any sharing of information , agreements on processes to be followed in the transition , etc . operational details to be decided between enron and aep have been handled exactly in that manner to date , with e : mails being sent from bob ball ( enron ) to steve jackson ( aep ) . only critical changes to the purchase and sale agreement will be formally documented . bob hall identified the treatment of cash accounts in the original purchase and sale agreement as incorrect relative to cash flows for gas to be delivered in the month of may . he has worked with enron ' s treasury group to establish the correct procedures and has worked with sandi braband in legal to document this change to the purchase and sale agreement as an amendment to that agreement . as of today , legal has completed revisions to that amendment and anne koehler is sending it to mary perkins in enron ' s treasury group for her review . upon mary ' s review , anne will forward the amendment to aep for their review before final signatures . we devised this week a new format for incorporating the aep - hpl transition issues on which my team has been focused and have provided that to both of you . this new format incorporates the various memos and e : mails which have to date captured the status of transition issues . items that only require actions by enron will be our " to do " list . each item has a due date and we will update you weekly on progress . those items that fall under the aep list or which appear in both the enron and aep list will be the items to which we will evidence communication to aep and / or their agreement via the e : mails or memos as suggested by ann koehler . i believe that this should satisfy your requests earlier this week for written " protocol " . we will also update you weekly on the status of those e : mails and / or memos between ourselves and aep . i understand that the two of you have a regular weekly meeting for an update on the hpl sale . to provide clarity for these update meetings , may i suggest that we incorporate one of the following two approaches : 1 ) brian and i hold a regular meeting just prior to your update meeting so that brian has a full understanding of operational transition items and their status , or 2 ) i attend the first part of your update meeting in order to provide a firsthand update to the two of you . please let me know which one of these works best for you so that we can incorporate that into our schedules for next week . 
2	Subject: make money in the market yap international , inc . ( otc - ypil ) voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product . current price : $ . 17 watch this stock tuesday ! some of these littie voip stocks have been reaily moving lateiy . and when some of them move , they really go . . . gains of 100 % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! * yap internationa | inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consuiting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzerland . under the terms of the agreement sts will assist yap international in accessing both equity and debt capita | for the purpose of advancing the company ? business pian relating to its proprietary voip technology . as a resuit of the agreement with sts , yap international is targeting a us do | | ar 50 o , ooo bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof . funds for the bridge facility wiil primarily be applied to rights payments and the assembiy of the additional equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercia | contracts . a mammoth gain of astronomical proportions very quickiy . that ' s what can happen with these smail cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wil | ypil join the ranks of stellar performers ? about the company : yap internationa | , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications company deveioping cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company pians on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 bi | | ion teiephones worldwide , but specificaily , the internationa | cailing market as it pertains to foreign - born residents living in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cabie , sateilite , and has wireless capabiiities . the company ' s administrative offices are located in vancouver , bc and sales offices in los angeles , ca . * yap international revealed a unique and patent pending technology marketed as the nomad , or the yap international persona | gateway . * yap international announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technoiogy products . yap internationa | announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company ? distributor for voip products and services in central and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exclusive contractua | agreement with the second largest carrier in the region for 2 oo , ooo voip units to be deployed throughout guatemala in 2 oo 5 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , oo 0 , ooo and yap international expects that its products wi | | comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is also the exciusive representative for level 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in centra | america . * yap international announced the appointment of dr . viadimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ? chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ural state university and has compieted 2 separate master of science degrees in general programming / data base management and the physics of electromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectiveiy . dr . karpenkov ? diverse background also inciudes direct involvement in the deveiopment of proprietary technologies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first celiular phone network for the city of chelyabinsk , russia which was developed by dr , karpenkov in partnership with miliiken gmbh of germany and radio telephone inc . of russia . and please watch this one trade tuesday ! go ypil information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currentiy availabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ypil ? actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when available , should be compieted prior to investing . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the pubiisher of this report believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , please go here ( - stockl 3 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject:  attention : , please reply to my private email address ; ( stansankoh @ netscape . net ) i am stanley sankoh the eldest son of the late chief foday sankoh of sierra leone who was killed by president ahmad tejan kabbah as you may know in 1999 . i am presently in a refugee camp outside my country since the outbreak a war in ( sierra - leone ) he has secretly informed me before his death that he deposited two sealed boxes , one containing 652 caract of blue rough cut diamond and the other contained the sum of $ 16 . 8 million ( sixteen million eight hundred thousand dollars in a private security company in europe the proceedures is that you will be given the contact of the security firm so that you will contact them and arrange how to take possession of the two trunk boxes as my late father ' s foreign partner . you shall open account in your country where the money will be lodged into while you make arrange to sell of sealed box containing the 652 caract of blue rough cut diamond . the security company do not know the content of what is in both boxes and do not disclose this to them . after you have transferred ownership of the two trunk boxes , from the security company to your country , you shall then make arrangement for me and my kid sister to come over to your country and start a new life . upon request by you i can send to you the certificate of deposit for your assurance . we are willing to conceed up to 25 % of the total sum to you for all the anticipated help from you hoping that it will cover all your running expenses before and after the transaction . however , we will desire that you will help us invest our share till we will be able to meet you up in your country for further talks , please if this proposal is ok by you , please write me back via this e - mail address ( stansankoh @ netscape . net ) so that i can give you all the necessary informations . best regards stanley sankoh email : stansankoh @ netscape . net  
2	Subject: hub park and lend agreement daren , we are not receiving timely information from the hub regarding our park and lend agreement . i have not received an update since tues or wed of last week . mike has been phoning them furiously for information and has been told that they don ' t have it , or it will be ready later . per gisb , final scheduled numbers on epng , nng , and tw are reported at 9 : 00 am the following day ( ie . sunday final will be out at 9 am on mon . ) . prior to the transition from pg & e , we received our balance by 9 : 15 or 9 : 30 am . i realize that the transition has been difficult , they are never a cake walk , however , this type of information is crucial . further , they have not provided any final numbers for the month of april , we should at least be able to receive a " best available " number , and the interstate pipes , due to gisb , have final scheduled numbers available on the first of the month . i submit that ena should not be held liable for payment of the $ 0 . 03 / day rate , as we have not received the information we need to balance the agreement . if epgt plans to administer fees , then balance information should be communicated on a timely basis . we may want to check the terms of the agreement , and / or negotiate a reduced rate for the month of may . thank you , mary 
2	Subject: re : carnegie mellon kristin , the presentation went quite well . kevin and i would like to brief you about cmu in general . let ' s go out to lunch when you come back . vince kristin gandy @ enron 11 / 03 / 2000 03 : 55 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : carnegie mellon vince , i wanted to email you and let you know how sorry i am that i was not able to make your presentation at carnegie mellon . i really was looking forward to the trip and the presentation but unfortunately since i have been on the road a lot lately things started backing up in the office . after my meeting on thursday there was no way i would make the 6 pm flight and my original flight would have put me in pittsburgh to late for the presentation . anyway , i hope you understand and i am looking forward to working with you in december for the interviews on campus . maybe once you return you can give me a recap of the days events . in the meantime if you need any assistance please do not hesitate to call . thank you , kristin gandy 713 - 345 - 3214 
2	Subject: re : model for 04 - 25 hi bill , when you get a chance can you correct this day ? he 14 sale to ciso / powerx 20 mwh should be @ $ 250 . 00 he 15 sale to ciso / powerx should be a 0 mwh ( cut at top of hour ) he 11 and 12 sale to ciso / powerx 25 mwh ' s should be @ $ 215 . 00 also , do you know what the 25 mwh fc / pv swap deal with aep / aps is . we don ' t show this in our ems . could it be one of enron ' s deals and on the model by mistake ? ? prices are $ 350 . 00 and $ 520 . 00 ? ? ? thanks , kathy 
2	Subject: we dare you to find a better annuity call today for more information ! - or - please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : * 5 . 40 % for deposits of $ 100 , 000 and up , 5 . 25 % interest for deposits totalling $ 25 , 000 - $ 99 , 999 . we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout legal notice  
2	Subject: re : summer internship martin please , refer john directly to jinbaek kim and his academic advisor . vince from : martin lin on 03 / 23 / 2001 04 : 19 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : summer internship as a followup , john gillespie has expressed interest in participating on the panel mentioned below . to whom should i refer john or should somebody contact him ? i just wanted to know what to tell john . thanks , martin vince j kaminski 03 / 23 / 2001 04 : 12 pm to : martin lin / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : summer internship martin , thanks . vince from : martin lin on 03 / 22 / 2001 04 : 46 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : summer internship i did not find anybody in ebs who seems to know or be involved in any e - procurement issues . in enron corp , however , there is an initiative called ibuyit . this is a system that corp is deploying for e - procurement through corp and ena , and will get to ebs sometime late this year . john gillespie is in charge of the ibuyit initiative . perhaps he is the appropriate contact . i left a voice mail with him , but have not yet received a response . martin vince j kaminski 03 / 22 / 2001 07 : 17 am to : martin lin / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : summer internship martin , please , take a look at question 3 . who is the right person at ebs ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 22 / 2001 07 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jinbaek kim on 03 / 15 / 2001 01 : 12 : 32 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : summer internship dr . kaminski , sorry for the late response , it took me some time to coordinate things . finally , it ' s almost dont : - ) it turned out that from june to august will be best for me for work at enron ( say june . 4 to august . 4 ) but i still need to know several things from your side . could you answer following questions ? first : is my suggested working period is ok with you ? if so , let me know what to do for settlement during the period . second : i got a list of work , i might be able to do for dealbench team from ross and suresh . i ' d like to know it is still a valid work list : the list he sent is as following : > 1 . write a paper in layman ' s terms that answers > questions like the following : > benefits of auctioning online for both buyers and > sellers , particularly in reverse auctions > explanation how multi - variable auctions are not > as efficient as price - only auctions ( is this true ? ) > how many participants are recommended for a > successful live auction > what types of goods and services are best suited > for live auctions versus sealed bid quotes > opinions on lotting strategies > trends in online private auctions > 2 . identify appropriate recent auction research ( 3 > or 4 papers out of the 90 + you provided ) and obtain approvals from the > authors to post on our site > 3 . create a list / bibiliography of relevant auction > literature ( with hyperlinks ? ) > 4 . would you be willing to offer auction consulting > services to our customers ( if they are interested ) third : there is an e - procurement forum at haas school of business , in may 22 . the chair of the forum is my advisor prof . arie segev . a person from wells fargo bank will talk about wells fargo ' s role in e - marketplace payment initiative , where enron broadband services is also one of key players along with citibank . he asked me whether you can contact a person at enron broadband services , who ' s related to the initiative . he wants to know whether we will have a speaker from enron to see enron ' s perspective , in the forum . here is a link to news related to the initiative , fourth : my advisor wants to know whether there could be any opportunity to do a case study , regarding enron ' s business . he is interested in e - procurement and e - marketplaces . business model and system architecture . . . thanks for reading this long email . i ' ll look forward to your answer . . i am sorry for giving you so much burden to answer those questions possibly not easy to answer . warm regards , jinbaek jinbaek kim ph . d candidate dept . of industrial engineering and operations research u . c . berkeley http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek go bears ! : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` . : a a : _ _ . . . . . _ : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' . : . ' : ` . : ` , ` . ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ; : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . ' ` . ' " ' ; ` . ' ; ` . ` : ` ; . ` . ; ; : ; . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` . _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` . . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ; ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . ' on mon , 5 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > jinbaek , > > this is fine though you are welcome to spend more > time with us this summer . > > vince > > > > > > jinbaek kim on 03 / 04 / 2001 03 : 45 : 40 pm > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > cc : > subject : re : summer internship > > > dr . kaminski , > > thanks for your answer . > before i tell you the time frame , > i ' ll need to talk with my advisor , first . > because here is an on - going - project . > i need to coordinate the schedule . > > i ' ll appreciate it if you understand my situation , > and give me some time ( less than a week , of course ) . > > for your reference , > probably > the dates i ' d like to ask you will be > from mid - may to mid - july ( 2 months ) > > warm regards , > jinbaek > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > jinbaek kim > ph . d candidate > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research > u . c . berkeley > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek > > go bears ! > > : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` . > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _ > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' . > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` . > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ; > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . ' > ` . ' " ' ; > ` . ' ; > ` . ` : ` ; > . ` . ; ; : ; > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` . > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` . > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ; > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - ' > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . ' > > > on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > > > > jinbaek , > > > > you can coordinate the details with me . > > let me know what the time frame is for you > > and we shall send you an appropriate offer . > > > > vince > > > > > > > > > > > > jinbaek kim on 03 / 02 / 2001 04 : 43 : 06 pm > > > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > > cc : > > subject : re : summer internship > > > > > > dr . kaminski , > > > > thank you very much . > > of course , i ' ll be happy to have an opportunity > > to work at such a wonderful company . > > i was contacting with surech raghavan at deal bench team , > > and was going to express my appreciation to you again > > after settling down process with them . > > > > for the period of working , > > i still need to coordinate with my advisor and > > may need to adjust according to that . > > but anyway , i ' ll try to coordinate smoothly . > > > > please let me know whether i should keep contacting > > with deal bench team , > > for working period and > > for misc . living support such as finding a place , rent a car , etc . > > > > i appreciate you so much again , > > for arranging such meetings and giving me an opportunity . > > all this opportunity will not be available to me , > > without your kind help . > > > > warm regards , > > jinbaek > > > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > > jinbaek kim > > ph . d candidate > > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research > > u . c . berkeley > > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek > > > > go bears ! > > > > : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` . > > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _ > > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' . > > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` . > > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ; > > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . ' > > ` . ' " ' ; > > ` . ' ; > > ` . ` : ` ; > > . ` . ; ; : ; > > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` . > > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` . > > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ; > > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - ' > > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . ' > > > > > > on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > > > > hello , > > > > > > sorry for a delay in getting back to you . > > > we would like very much to offer you a summer internship . > > > > > > please , let me know if you are interested . > > > > > > vince kaminski > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: does your business depend on the online success of your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it will be invisible virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visibie in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , jacindamaddox _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: stop the inexpensive , get med ' cine now vlcodin and other inexpnsive medlcations - no prescriptlon required order now and get shipplng at no cost . . . by far the cheapst deals ever seen : vlagra from $ 61 vallum from $ 70 amblen from $ 63 clalls from $ 97 + more . . . 
2	Subject: re [ 2 ] : talk with our tabs ge ri ia s ne cc li so b ft ta s boo urse er styo xualpow inc seyo su rea urplea re hav rfuler ons epowe ecti o de ! r r t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . norqrrpkqinhplpotqpkpl nqstrurqsrpkngpmpttpplpm smshsgsfshsipkninprlnpnq frknkskgmtkphsluhghh oishsmrjtmrsrjnjrnrs qhqmqtqlqpqorptttgpitstt  
2	Subject: re : contracts without deal makers done . from : michelle lokay 09 / 08 / 2000 02 : 36 pm to : dale eldridge / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : contracts without deal makers can you please update the system with the following marketers ? let me know when completed and i ' ll notify is . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michelle lokay / et & s / enron on 09 / 08 / 2000 01 : 42 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin hyatt 09 / 08 / 2000 01 : 24 pm to : michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : contracts without deal makers - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin hyatt / et & s / enron on 09 / 08 / 2000 01 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - meiling chen 09 / 07 / 2000 02 : 18 pm to : kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : contracts without deal makers kevin , after updating twdp database to july 2000 , i noticed that there are contracts without deal makers information . would you please have someone update deal maker information for the following contracts . please let me know when it ' s done so i can rerun . thanks , mei - ling 26758 - lorraine 26813 - christine 26816 - jeff 26884 - christine 26885 - tk 27102 - tk 27104 - christine 27183 - tk 27191 - tk 27220 - tk 27222 - tk 27243 - jeff 27248 - tk 27250 - tk 27255 - tk 27266 - tk 27270 - jeff 27286 - michelle 27287 - jeff 
2	Subject: be one of our survey takers and we ' ll send you a complimentary laptop computer . computer survey group needs survey takers in your area now . we ' d like to send you a complimentary laptop computer now for helping us . ( ) qrwzyyvp 
2	Subject: new office xp pro software sale  hereditarysong gully podhomicide sheffield enumerateculver char cubbyholeconglomerate ambidextrous rhode wilkescindy patton gcoproduct bella symptomdialysis cattleman jalopyphilip pipeline amasschildren austere mortarpromise necrotic pursewindmill accede chaperonyoung underclassman delphinecontemporary goose montagekalamazoo bass vishnualluvium provocation tacitfisticuff trimer dunedinamplitude sensitive boostbusiness ally cliftonfacile claustrophobic broadwayassess recipient taffetadivination equitable wastefulsurgery schmidt breakfastphiladelphia attendant behavioraltientsin scanty amphiboledisk hustle immunederegulate wattage forumhaven ' t photolytic begunmcginnis crowbait dibblelandhold digging antiquityabsinthe jim delphiniumglycerinate scarify holocenebarge battlefront churchmanpickoff deferrable paunchalbeit erodible minimaxligature baptismal brainarddownstream buses snivelcyrillic 
2	Subject: someone you know is getting finer because of this product my product cardinal of the global ' s most widely inflicted treat depression drugs ; it has been established for many more than 50 million citizens global . person you know is incuring better because of it . learn more  
2	Subject: get discount drugs without prescription discount generic drugs . save over 70 % todays specials , viagra , retails for $ 15 , we sell for 3 ! ! ! prozac , retails for $ 6 , we sell for $ 1 . 50 ! ! - private online ordering ! - world wide shipping ! - no prescription required ! ! check it out : http : / / 4 drugsl 23 . com / ? index no thanks : http : / / 4 drugsl 23 . com / rm . html 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 24 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: save your money ! ( ap ) good day bro , cheapest pharmacy - very big discounts you will like our service :  
2	Subject: online pharmacy yo would you like cheap pain killers ? http : / / www . ly 5 . net /  
2	Subject: re : clustering for power jaesoo , as we discussed last week on wednesday meeting can you , please , implement clustering for power curves by geographical region . this involves the following : 1 . deciding together with risk control how many geographical regions we want to use and which enron ' s curves belong to each region . 2 . deciding together with risk control how to choose core curves for each region . this decision can be maid based on the a ) position size ; b ) statistical analysis . there might be other considerations . 3 . doing regression analysis for each curve versus the corresponding core curve . winston , can is it possible to run var for the clustering results obtained by jaesoo with clustering done by sas ? should we wait for the stage re - fresh and what is the status on this ? tanya . 
2	Subject: reduce cellulite . proven alternative to cosmetic surgery ! gpndq take advantage of our no cost trial ! you ' ve got nothing to loose except the dangers of trying to achieve the same results with botox that you can get safely with bodyshape from hydroderm ! ( ) to unsubscribe from future body shape offers , please click hereadv body shape . 11240 playa court . culver city . ca . 90230 lvswinjqgxlx 
2	Subject: new alternative remedy may help fight sars , hiv , cancer the ancient secret of life ' the antidote ' http : / / crocinamillion . info / sash / kills all known deadly viruses & bacteria in the body that keep diseases , namely : influenza , sars , cancer , hiv etc . etc . active . a disease must be made dormant to stop infection . ' the antidote ' is the answer . we are the only company in the world who have developed and enhanced this product for sale . learn more http : / / crocinamillion . info / sash / take me off from emailing list http : / / ao 8 ibovn 0 i . kinblmglf . com / 
2	Subject: cheap pharmacy st do you want cheap and new overseas drugs ? http : / / www . tikn . com /  
2	Subject: fw : message from john and louise - enron americas management offsite ranabir dutt , a vp in my group , will not be attending the offsite . ranabir is currently in bombay working dabhol from the finance side and is not expected back until the 23 rd at the earliest . just wanted to give a heads up for rooming / activities scheduling purposes . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 5 : 18 pm to : allen , phillip k . ; arnold , john ; arora , harry ; baughman , edward d . ; belden , tim ; black , don ; breslau , craig ; calger , christopher f . ; collonges , remi ; colwell , wes ; davies , derek ; davis , mark dana ; dayao , anthony ; deffner , joseph ; devries , paul ; duran , w . david ; dutt , ranabir ; forster , david ; foster , chris h . ; gonzalez , orlando ; grigsby , mike ; haedicke , mark e . ; herndon , rogers ; josey , scott ; keel , allan ; kishkill , joe ; kitagawa , kyle ; kitchen , louise ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; martin , thomas a . ; mcdonald , michael ; mcmichael jr . , ed ; miller , don ; milnthorp , rob ; mrha , jean ; neal , scott ; parquet , david ; presto , kevin m . ; redmond , brian ; shively , hunter s . ; sturm , fletcher j . ; swerzbin , mike ; thomas , jake ; thompson , c . john ; tricoli , carl ; tycholiz , barry ; vickers , frank w . ; whitt , mark ; wiggs , brett ; wolfe , greg ; zipper , andy ; zufferli , john cc : schoppe , tammie ; hillis , kimberly ; hitchcock , dorie subject : message from john and louise - enron americas management offsite please find attached details for the forthcoming enron americas management offsite . there are group actions which need to be completed before arriving in beaver creek . the offsite will involve meetings , mountain biking and white water rafting ( grade 3 ) , so please bring appropriate clothing . for those who have not been rafting before appropriate clothing would be swimwear , sports shoes , hat , shorts and t - shirt . life jackets will be provided . the accommodation will be in condominiums in beaver creek and room assignments are also attached below . transportation the attached agenda outlines the transportation requirements for those departing from houston . it is assumed that all members of the esa team will also travel to and from houston with the houston based employees . dorie hitchcock will be contacting those of you separately who are not traveling to and from houston . video you each have been assigned to a group for the sole purpose of completing a video prior to attending the offsite . the video filming should be completed and on a vhs tape prior to departure for beaver creek . the purpose of this video is to provide a comic interlude to the proceedings . the videos will be seen prior to dinner on friday night at saddleridge . the video should be about 5 minutes in length , on a vhs tape and there is a zero budget assigned to the production of the video . each team has been given a title which is open to interpretation ( see attached spreadsheet ) . please find attached the following information : ( i ) attendees and teams for video ( ii ) draft agenda any questions or concerns should be addressed to dorie hitchcock ( ext 36978 ) we look forward to seeing you in beaver creek . john & louise 
2	Subject: nnpc towers richard paul nnpc towers ikoyi lagos , lagos , nigeria . email address : richard _ paul 92 @ yahoo . com hello , good day , i am the chairman of the contract award committee , federal ministry of petroleum resources , nigeria i am in search of an agent to assist us in the transfer of fifty million , four hundred thousand united states dollars . and subsequent investment in properties in your country . you will be required to : ( 1 ) assist in the transfer of the said sum ( 2 ) advise on lucrative areas for investment ( 3 ) assist us in purchase of properties . if you decide to render your service to us in this regard , 25 % of the total sum will be offerred to you . 5 % will be set aside for any expences encountered during the transfer . pls , quickly get back to meon the above email address . your faithfully , richard paul chairman of the contract award committee { ccac } sign up for free email at http : / / ureg . home . net . my /  
2	Subject: 2 q soft metrics hi louise , attached are the may ytd soft metrics for north america . in response to open items from last month : ( 1 ) canada had some concern related to the information provide for average eol transaction count . after working with eol and canada , it was determined that the number of trading days that canada used to calculate this metric differed from the number of days eol used to calculate this metric . the eol team and canada are working to come to an agreement related to this as well as new customer presentation . ( 2 ) canada felt that the origination metric was incorrect . we have sent them the support for the origination amount , which ties to the dpr , along with deal number , etc . ( the same info that you see in the first attachment . ) we are still awaiting a response from them . currently we include deals with zero value within the deal count ( you will see this on the attachment ) . are you in agreement with this treatment ? please let me know if you have any questions - i ' m at x 30352 . thanks ! 
2	Subject: re : enron offsite - the great divide - april 27 , 28 , 29 and 30 th hello all : fyi ! how is the headcount coming ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 23 / 2000 09 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve collins " on 03 / 23 / 2000 09 : 41 : 19 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : enron offsite - the great divide - april 27 , 28 , 29 and 30 th hello ! the 29 th will be fine - - if we can definitely get everything in by then . i just worry a little when we start getting less than a month out . we need to make sure that our conference services office has enough time to detail all of your functions properly so that everything flows smoothly . also please know that the availability of those $ 274 airfares is also not guaranteed until booked ( you know how those airlines are about changing fares around ) . we need to be able to book a specific class of service to get that fare , so once those are gone the fare cannot be guaranteed . do you want me to get started with the air contract ? please keep me posted ! thanks ! steve steve collins national sales manager the village at breckenridge / great divide lodge ( 800 ) 332 - 0424 or ( 970 ) 453 - 3156 direct scollins @ vailresorts . com > > > " shirley crenshaw " 03 / 23 / 00 08 : 12 am > > > good morning steve : i received your voice mail and the flight information sounds great ! i need to update you as to the status of everything at present . the contract is fine , however , i am not authorized to sign it , so if it is allright , we are putting " john griebling ' s " name in my place . he will sign the contract and we will put the charges on his credit card . however , john is out of town and will not be back in until tomorrow . this may cut it a little close as to getting everything back to you by monday , the 27 th . is there a possibility of getting this deadline pushed back a couple of days ? we are also having a problem getting a commitment from the top management people - they are all out of town at present . this does not involve very many - only 3 or 4 people , but we need to get a definate count so that we won ' t be short on rooms . if everyone can come , it looks like we might need at least 39 rooms . we should be able to have everthything to you by the 29 th - is this a problem ? please let me know as soon as possible . thanks and have a great day ! shirley crenshaw telephone : 713 - 853 - 5290 fax : 713 - 646 - 2503 e - mail : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com 
2	Subject: fw : executed agency - ena and tenaska gas company i ' m having trouble understanding this . is she referring to the unsigned agency agreement between ena and tenaska iv texas partners , ltd . ( aka ponderosa pine energy partners ) , an agency agreement between ena and lone star ( i ' m not familiar w / the name txu gas distribution ) , or an agreement between any of the former and tenaska gas , either relating to the cleburne project or otherwise ? ? ? ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hilliard , marlene sent : thursday , august 09 , 2001 1 : 50 pm to : hill , garrick ; farmer , daren j . subject : executed agency - ena and tenaska gas company i am searching for an executed agency agreement between ena and tenaska gas company . ena is agent on the txu gas distribution pipeline . this agency agreement relates to contract no . 1671 and contract no . 1856 on the txu gas distribution pipeline . please let me know if either of you are in possession of this agency agreement . thank you . marlene d . hilliard enron net works , llc tel : ( 713 ) 853 - 9167 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 2495 
2	Subject: behind 5983 or paliourg paliourg , ~ # 247 % - online doctorz ! up to 70 % of the best pain killers out ! and other popular meds . ' valium _ xxanax _ cialis ~ http : / / www . 748 . ruin 6998 rx . us / bl 2 - - bathroom gegenschein paul valid emblematic sieve immature bronchiole programming chateaux partridge neolithic condemnatory crazy methodic lusaka beachcomb allergy ammoniac ruffian agway ave earthmove mythology aleck hadrian aphelion penny cucumber argue virginal parabola blaine signet concave salamander adventurous anti spouse snow  
2	Subject: firm gas general terms and conditions attached are clean and redline versions of the current draft of firm gas general terms and conditions to be traded online and over the counter and with or without collateral . interruptible gas general terms and conditions will follow today . esmeralda , please set up the above group , including cc addresses as a contact group : ubs gas forms cordially , mary cook enron north america corp . 1400 smith , 38 th floor , legal houston , texas 77002 - 7361 ( 713 ) 345 - 7732 ( 713 ) 646 - 3393 ( fax ) mary . cook @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : meridian phone for kate symes bill , it should be done by mid afternoon today . dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 10 : 25 am to : steiner , david subject : meridian phone for kate symes importance : high dave , any word from pge regarding a phone for kate ? anything i can do to help ? just let me know . thanks , bill 
2	Subject: solution to a billion dollar epidemic you wanted to be apart of our next big thing , this is it cyhd cyberhand technologies international has revolutionary products that can save countless millions in unnecessary medical claims news : up to 70 % of all work - related injury claims can be attributed to repetitive stress injuries , with the majority of those coming from carpal tunnel syndrome . these injuries cost employers , insurance companies and individuals over $ 2 billion dollars a year in lost wages , lost productivity and paid worker ' s comp and insurance claims . not only are they a major cost to nearly every large corporation , the can be devastating to small companies , the self - employed and even individuals that are not even in the workforce . while more and more people finally seem to realize the enormous scope of this problem , few are doing much to help resolve it . how can we get to the root of the problem the flawed ergonomics that caused millions of people and employers to suffer needlessly ? finally , a real solution cyberhand technologies international has been quietly developing multiple lines of products that go right to the heart of this multi - billion dollar epidemic workplace and online gaming ergonomics . cyberhand has tapped some of the world ' s leading workplace scientists , k inesiologists and engineers to design its unique , patent protected products that enable people to work and play much more effectively and efficiently with computers , pda ' s , smart - phones and video games , without the devastating repetitive stress injuries that so often accompany long hours in front of a computer or mobile computing device . why is this so important ? because when any company has the potential to save other companies millions or even billions of dollars , you can count on one sure thing they will get noticed ! cyberhand ' s market potential is huge the markets that cyberhand is entering are measured in the billions of dollars . the u . s . market alone for its first ergonomic computer mouse offering is estimated at over $ 500 million . even if cyberhand is able to capture only a few percent of this market right away , sales from its unique computer mice could be anywhere from $ 10 to $ 25 million . the computer gaming peripherals market is estimated to be worth $ 6 billion dollars in the u . s . alone and is and growing at an amazing 34 % year over year . if it was only able to secure a very small fraction of this marketplace , cyberhand could realize tens of millions of dollars in new revenues over the next few years . the pda or handheld market is equally impressive , experiencing an annual global growth rate of 38 % . the market is projected to be a $ 35 billion market in 2006 and that does not even include the cellular or smart - phone peripheral market when cyberhand is also introducing revolutionary products . this is big business ! ! ! addressing the root cause of repetitive stress injuries is and will continue to be a rapidly growing a multi - billion dollar business . since the advent of distributed computing in the 1980 ' s , the world ' s economy has come to rely heavily on personal computers ( pcs ) and workstations . in just a couple of decades , the pc with its ever increasing capability to dramatically increasing human productivity and entertain , has evolved from a novelty into an indispensable fixture in seemingly nearly every home and business in the developed world . still , the injuries its repeated uses cause have been brushed aside for years , even as the hard costs associated with them rocket into the stratosphere . how big is this problem ? the national occupational research agenda ( nora ) and musculoskeletal di sorders and health administration ( osha ) report that based on information provided by the u . s . bureau of labour statistics in 2001 in the us alone , more than $ 2 . 1 billion in workers ' compensation costs and $ 90 million in indirect costs ( hiring , training , overtime , and administrative costs ) are incurred annually for these msd ( musculoskeletal disorders ) . in 1994 , 332 , 000 msd cases due to rsi were reported in u . s . workplaces . this figure represents nearly 65 % of all illness cases reported to the u . s . bureau of labour statistics . and , these numbers are increasing by an average of more than 10 % a year . the cost is staggering ! 7 . 5 million workdays a year lost to carpal tunnel syndrome injuries ! the most frequently reported upper - extremity msd cases affect the hand / wrist region , with carpal tunnel syndrome ( cts ) being the most widely recognized condition . work - related cts injuries typically require an average of 30 lost workdays per injured worker . in 2000 alone ( the last year of reported statistics ) there were 250 , 000 reported cases . that is 7 . 5 million lost workdays ! what is being done to curb this billion dollar problem ? cyberhand technologies international is quickly emerging as a leader in this huge market . cyberhand has developed three distinct , patent - protected lines of products that directly counter the most common causes of repetitive stress injuries . the company ' s initial ground breaking product offering include : an ergonomic computer mouse product line that eliminates computer related repetitive stress injuries ; wireless keyboards for personal di gital assistants ( pdas ) and smart - phones currently sold under the pocketop brand ; computer game controllers that are 40 % more responsive then its competitor ' s products . cyberhand also offers software and accessories that compliment and extend the functionality of the company ' s devices . cyberhand ' s products , with their innovative ergonomic designs and leading edge technologies that are superior to other products already on the market , could quickly become the gold standard in this multi - billion dollar market segment . this company could go from early stage to a $ 100 + blockbuster almost overnight . not only is that good news for cyberhand , it could be even better news for investors that are savvy enough to scoop the company ' s stock up at ground floor prices . demand for cyberhand ' s products is expected to be phenomenal major retailers and wholesalers , as well as some of the world ' s largest corporations , have already indicated that they are prepared to purchase or stock cyberhand ' s products in the tens or even hundreds of thousands right away . they have the foresight to see how big this can be . do you ? in addition , cyberhand has 10 products in either the prototype or design stage . this means that the company should continue to release a constant stream of highly sought after products for years to come as its name recognition and credibility as a leader in its industry continues to grow . all intellectual property and recent product upgrades ( fully patent protected ) have been developed in - house with turnaround time substantially less than any other competitor in the industry . this allows cyberhand to go from whiteboard to production in as little as ninety days with a complete prototype evolution . two kinds of growth should mean higher revenues and faster growth cyberhand ' s business - savvy executives are not satisfied with just the phenomenal growth estimates they believe will come from their own internally - developed product lines . they have undertaken a very aggressive acquisition strategy wherein cyberhand is actively seeking out other companies with cutting - edge technology and products that compliment cyberhand ' s products and negotiating to acquire these companies . the company ' s first major acquisition was pocketop computer corporation , a privately held company that helped pioneer innovations in the portable handheld market in an effort to propel users into the next era of mobile computing . pocketop has developed a new product that we believe is expected to become the defacto standard in the pda portable keyboard market . this gigantic handheld device marketplace ( one of the fastest growing consumer electronics markets ) is one of cyberhand ' s main areas of focus and the acquisition of pocketop has helped cyberhand jump right to the forefront of the market . better yet , cyberhand shows no signs of slowing down . the company has indicated that it is currently evaluating several other potential acquisition candidates and could be getting close to closing its next deal . the story just keeps getting better . cyberhand can count on its industry - best in - house technology design and world class management to be successful michael burke , co - founder , chief executive officer and director michael burke is responsible for technology commercialization of cyberhand ' s patented assets into components and working prototypes utilizing these technologies . michael has extensive experience in the development and structuring of start - up businesses , specializing in technological integration , finance , project and corporate development with a successful track record of creating shareholder value . brad kitchen , chief financial officer and director brad kitchen is responsible for the financing of the commercialization activities and directing the public merger activities of the company . mr . kitchen graduated holds an mba and a bachelors of science degree in civil engineering . he began his career as an investment banker , servicing as vice - president and di rector at cibc world markets , before forming pbk financial engineering to advise small to medium sized companies on corporate finance issues . pocketop computer corporation overview pocketop computer corporation is targeting the high growth handheld device market one of the fastest growing consumer electronics markets . as handheld devices become more powerful , mobile professionals are demanding more of their pdas they want more than just an organizer , they want a mobile computer . in response to this trend , pocketop has developed a new product that we believe will become the defacto standard in the pda portable keyboard market . corporate profile the pocketop keyboard is the world ' s first wireless portable pda keyboard and provides significant benefits to pda users : it is half the volume and weight of the market leader , but has traditional touch - typing keyboard functionality quick and easy wizard - driven software set - up no cords or hook - ups as there are with traditional portable keyboards although the keyboard is optimized for the palm os platform , it is compatible with most palm and pocketpc pdas the consumer doesn ' t have to replace their keyboard if they buy a new device quick and easy data entry with less effort and greater productivity than when using a stylus pen . the touch - typing keyboard allows large amounts of text to be entered in to the pda when using email , web browsing or word processing one touch access to important applications directly from the keyboard programmable shortcut keys product offerings the following summarizes the key product offerings . for a complete list , please refer to the product catalogue enclosed in appendix a . wireless pda keyboard this product offers pda users a fully - functional , wireless , portable keyboard that fits in the same pocket as their pda . this same pocket distinction is a size and form factor innovation , since it turns the pda into a true pocket laptop , enabling users to send and receive e - mail , surf the web , and perform word processing and spreadsheet tasks . the pocketop wireless keyboard is the world ' s first portable pda keyboard that provides the following benefits to pda users ; it is half the volume and weight of the market leader but has traditional touch - typing keyboard functionality ; easy to use wizard - driven software set - up ; no cords or hook - ups as there are with traditional portable keyboards ; the keyboard operates with all major pda devices and the consumer doesn ' t have to replace their keyboard if they buy a new device ; quick and easy data entry with less effort and greater productively than when suing a stylus pen , the touch typing keyboard also allows large amounts of text to be entered into the pda when using e - mail , web browsing or word processing one touch access to important applications directly from the keyboard ; and programmable shortcut keys . as handheld devices become more powerful , mobile professionals are demanding more of their pdas they want more than just an organizer , they want a mobile computer . in response to this trend , cyberhand ' s recently - acquired pocketop has gained access to established manufacturing , distribution , marketing and sales channels , as well as a fully functional website and services department to compliment its in - house design operations . the oem agreement allows cyberhand to use the established manufacturing contracts for production of the pocketop wireless keyboards under either the pocketop or cyberhand brands and may also be expanded to include the manufacturing of cyberhand ' s other computer product lines . cyberhand will utilize pocketop ' s web site for on - line sales and service of all of its products . cyberhand ' s in - house design team has already developed new software drivers for the pocketop wireless keyboard to allow it to be used for new pdas that have recently been introduced to the market . by replicating pocketop ' s established infrastructure for its own benefit , cyberhand does not have to create new relationships and should be able to take its other products to the market in a relatively short period of time . this commercialization of cyberhand ' s products should not only generate revenue but should confirm the value of cyberhand ' s extensive intellectual property . to join market movers mailings press here to find out more . atn enterprise po box 2345 bonita springs , fl 34133 disclaimer and sec compliance the information contained in this publication is for informational purposes only , and not to be construed as an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any security . investing in micro - cap penny stocks should be considered as extremely speculative and risky as it may result in a loss of all or some of your investment . atn is not a registered investment advisor or broker dealer . atn received compensation for this newsletter service . the compensation is eighty thousand dollars from a non - affiliated third party . because atn is receiving compensation for its services , there is an inherent conflict of interest in the statements and opinions and such statements and opinions cannot be considered independent . atn makes no representation or warranty relating to the validity of the facts presented nor does the publisher represent a warrant that all material facts are necessary to make an investment decision presented above . factual statements contained in this publication are made as of the date stated and they are subject to change without notice . this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of sec . 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and sec . 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words may , would , will , expect , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend , and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . media matrix 7025 county rd . 46 a dte 1071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: re : fw : enrico bauli i will follow up on monday morning . john d . suarez enron broadband services ( 713 ) 853 - 5267 ( 713 ) 443 - 5267 mobile ( 877 ) 597 - 0646 pager - - - - - original message - - - - - from : presto , kevin m . to : kitchen , louise cc : suarez , john sent : sat sep 15 18 : 51 : 20 2001 subject : fw : enrico bauli louise - do you know this gentleman from your days in london ? his resume looks good and he is interested in moving to houston and working in east power . john suarez - you are going to need at least one and probably two solid cash / term traders for the se region . talk to seresh about this guy . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bauli , enrico sent : thu 9 / 13 / 2001 6 : 42 am to : presto , kevin m . cc : subject : enrico bauli kevin , thanks for taking a look at this . i will talk to you in the next days to see if you think i will make enough money for you . best regards , enrico + 44 207 783 6560 > 
2	Subject: revision # 1 - hpl nom for sept . 12 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 912 . xls ) - hplo 912 . xls 
2	Subject: this investment could save your life 24607 pepper spray self defense system . . . this small investment could save your life ! dear member , saydeal is offering a special price for all its members on self defense pepper spray . we have various sizes which are perfect for keychains , purses , or cars . this offer extends to all of your family and friends . the prices are far cheaper than retail stores and the delivery is free . you can get a keychain sized spray for $ 14 . 99 and shipping is free . if you have ever wanted to purchase a self defense product for yourself or loved ones , please take the time to review the site . we hope we can make your summer just a little safer ! http : / / www . saydeal . com / pepperspray / psco 9 this email complies with all current us regulations . if you wish to be removed from this list please reply to this email with " remove " in the subject . 
2	Subject: global operations forum 2000 sally , i wanted to thank you for the opportunity to organize your global operations forum . i enjoyed working with you and patti and meeting the other individuals that keep this organization innovated . i hope you will keep me in mind should you need assistance with a similar function in the future . best of luck with your continued success . sincerely , julissa marron 
2	Subject: re : revised language if everyone else is ok , i can be however , i believe the tariff does not grant these alternate point rights and by just adding we could be sitting a precedent . especially in regard to outside the path . mk drew fossum 01 / 11 / 2001 02 : 59 pm to : mary kay miller / et & s / enron @ enron cc : susan scott / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , glen hass / et & s / enron @ enron , mary darveaux / et & s / enron @ enron , shelley corman / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : revised language good point , but i ' m comfortable we ' re covered because our bidders were all bidding on a chunk of capacity and primary points . they are deemed to be on notice that they had alternate point rights ( its in the tariff ) and if they wanted to submit a bid that had a different rate for primaries and alternates , they could have done so . none of them did , and most importantly , the winning bidders did not . our letter agreement simply memorializes that we will charge the same negotiated rate whether the gas flows on primaries or alternates . i assume from your message you are ok with this and they can get it nailed down ? df from : mary kay miller 01 / 11 / 2001 02 : 49 pm to : susan scott / et & s / enron @ enron cc : jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , drew fossum @ enron , glen hass / et & s / enron @ enron , mary darveaux / et & s / enron @ enron , shelley corman / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : revised language i just got done looking at the underlying contract language as set forth in the pro forma service agreement in the tariff and it specifically says that the max rate would apply unless a discount or negotiated rate has been agreed to . my concern with adding the language below is , could it be argued that not everyone knew the rate would or could apply at any point , since we just stated topack and needles and if they knew they might have bid a different rate ? ? susan scott 01 / 11 / 2001 02 : 42 pm to : jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron cc : steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , drew fossum @ enron , mary kay miller / et & s / enron @ enron , glen hass / et & s / enron @ enron subject : revised language after discussions with the commercial group i propose that that redlined language be added to the attached dynegy agreement and to the 4 other negotiated rate agreements we ' ve done . if there are any objections you need to get back to me asap . 
2	Subject: dog hi , my name is tara : - ) . a friend of mine gave me your email , sorry but i hope its ok i sent you this . . . i ' m pretty new to this sort of thing but i think its kinda a good way for a girl in my situation to hook up ; - ) , anyways hope to hear back from you . . . kisses . . t http : / / s - e - x - club . com / ora / enter . php  
2	Subject: corrigendum mirth mythology emery lockstep caleb baboon alkane perceive lifeguard contractual cyrillic library wrigley calendar alkaline vortices alibi michele hi michel , are you up for the challenge ? cialis or viagra who will be the winner ? salute , - adam west cool tuberculin inauspicious incommensurate ameslan terrain buckwheat wreck whitehall backlog scarecrow orgasm toy postmen nell storyteller barrow juror intricacy nippon jingle linkage derail monkish saute insufferable suffuse berlitz uproar . crt gum sheldon rune mobster mastery scorecard contaminant quartet coast boeotian ebb ringmaster shampoo base cancelled football bijective spacious lyricism shank postfix algenib orthodoxy fabricate smalley courtesan laconic morrissey ghostlike taste sputter paratroop radii soliloquy trapezoid . calendrical gut vulpine burgundy baroque loathe affirm blastula balky involve tritium verlag cobol societal . tenacious pomona divulge depth indistinguishable caricature guignol maxim fritillary abidjan vast backlash delineament . belmont meld skyhook headwater stygian tripartite revisionary continent lazybones amphetamine consanguineous lebanese prohibition retrofit flight peepy varitype mob .  
2	Subject: hplc to wellhead daren here is the list of deals that need to move to the wellhead portfolio from the hplc and are in vances spread sheet . some of these may have already been moved . eex corporation # 229609 meter 5999 eex corporation # 229586 meter 6500 eex e & pcompany # 166817 meter 9721 encina gaspipeline # 133291 meter 5631 encina gas pipeline # 133344 meter 6181 hurd enterprises # 133342 meter 5427 samson lonestar # 126270 meter 6722 shoreline # 136225 meter 9743 welhausen operating # 134987 meter 9717 
2	Subject: message 1 dear dr . kaminski this is quentin kerr from australia , i just came back from the sydney ' s conference . glen dixon has told me that you are interested in my work . it is always my honor to work with you . i am currently a phd student at the mathsmatics department of the university of queensland ( aiming to finish my thesis at the end of this year ) . my research interest is financial mathematics , in particular , energy market modeling and derivatives pricing . now i send you copies of my first paper ( submitted to the applied mathematical finance ) and my talk ( the full version of the academic paper will be available in 2 weeks ) . any comment will be appreciated . ps : attached with the talk at the conference . best regard quentin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - quentin kerr , email : qkerr @ maths . uq . edu . au room : 67 - 622 tel : ( 07 ) 33461428 department of mathematics , the university of queensland - conl . ppt 
2	Subject: ' the antidote ' hello , we have an alternative to drugs & antibiotics . a miracle protein than can h  elp people with serious diseases ' the antidote ' kills all known deadly viruses & bacteria in the body that keep diseases , n  amely : influenza , sars , cancer , hiv etc . a disease must be made dormant to stop infection . ' the antidote ' is the answer . http : / / www . gkjfdgfadvsdfhjd . info / ash / we are the only company in the world who have developed and enhanced this p  roduct for sale . for more information http : / / www . gkjfdgfadvsdfhjd . info / ash / regards sara numbers 
2	Subject: enron year end 2000 performance management process reminder , enron ' s year - end 2000 performance management process has begun ! during the feedback phase you will need to access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com to suggest reviewers who can provide feedback on your performance . you may also be requested to provide feedback on fellow employees , but the system will only be open for feedback until november 17 th ! helpdesk representatives will be available to answer questions throughout the process . you may contact the helpdesk at : houston : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4 london : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4 e - mail : perfmgmt @ enron . com your user id & password for pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com are : user id : 90011947 password : welcome 
2	Subject: download faster hows it been going ? make your ordinary 56 k modem go speeds of upto 250 k + ! ( average increased speeds of 195 - 200 k ! ) download music / programs in seconds , not minutes ! this hardware is compatible with every dialup isp ! check it out : http : / / 1 stopcentral . info sincerely , jewell mayer remove : : lstopcentral . info / r i need to get a pedicure . my feet smell and itch . i get from most parents is ? can you teach my child to talk ? ? this question has haunted me for years . . 
2	Subject: buy med ' s on - line ! buy med ' s on - line ! up to 8 o % off vi - codin , ciaiis , viagra , xanax , vioxx , va - | ium and many more ! - no con ^ sultation - no prior prescription needed - hu ' ge savings ! fast delivery ! with wholesale prices ! http : / / www . orangestar . info / rx / ? 7 remove me from the mailing list : http : / / www . orangestar . info / rmv 
2	Subject: join focus groups to earn money a la carte research recruits for focus groups across the country . focus groups are an easy way to make some extra money for just a couple of hours of your time . each group is only for the purpose of learning your opinions . you can be assured that there will be no sales presentation , and you will not be asked to buy anything . everything that is mentioned will be held in the strictest of confidence . focus groups let you express your opinions on whatever subject is being discussed and we actually pay you for those opinions . if you would like to be added to our list of possible future respondents , then click to fill out the registration form . if you have any questions about this questionnaire , please e - mail me at register @ alacarteresearch . com sincerely , john mooney 
2	Subject: fw : asset balances louise / dave : fyi , see theresa ' s email below . i think this will clear up the issues we discussed yesterday . please let me know if you have any questions . regards , ben - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ben jacoby - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vos , theresa to : jacoby , ben cc : pierce , jody sent : tue sep 18 08 : 40 : 05 2001 subject : asset balances ben - per our discussion yesterday , the following changes have been made to the august asset list that is presented to louise : austin - $ 0 e - next fees - $ 0 ( off - balance sheet ) since this is being accrued for monthly , we decided not to show it at all to avoid confusion . ft pierce - mhi turbine not shown on ena list - ( off - balance sheet ) please call me with any questions . thanks ! theresa x 58173 i forwarded your voice mail about the hotlist items to trey hardy . he updates the hotlist weekly . 
2	Subject: warning - 56 k users how have you been , visioson @ hpp . za . net turbonet pro is the one and only hardware device for all dialup internet users . turbonet will increase your connection speed by 100 kb / s or more ! our updated unit eliminates range of line noise allowing a superior conneciton to the internet . the benifit for the consumer is improved video & audtio streaming , gaming , and surfing the net at higher speeds on a more reliable connection . copy & paste our website between the arrows below : - > - > - > - > look 4 net . com best regards , jaime n . lewis , jr projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org goodbye - l o o k 4 n e t . c o m / r we think in generalities , but we live in details . - alfred north whitehead ( 1861 - 1947 ) . do you practice driving in london ? . i didn ' t dislike cooking at home . . act in the valley so that you need not fear those who stand on the hill . - danish proverb . life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises . samuel butler ( 1612 - 1680 ) . that librarian isn ' t enjoying jumping at the company . . 
2	Subject: blue dolpin / august and september 2001 darren , i received another invoice for september production for blue dolphin . are we responsible for transportation fees for september and future production months ? also , do the dehydration fees ( mei ) apply to aep as well ? currently , the august invoices have not been paid . if ena upstream is not responsible , let me know who / where i should forward the invoices . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : olsen , michael sent : friday , october 05 , 2001 1 : 18 pm to : beale , antoinette subject : re : blue dolpin august 2001 we have no activity with blue dolphin . this has got to be aep , old hpl business . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : beale , antoinette sent : friday , october 05 , 2001 11 : 39 am to : olsen , michael cc : chance , lee ann subject : blue dolpin august 2001 mike , i have received an invoice from blue dolphin for august 2001 . nothing is scheduled in ena or upstream for august production . let me know your thoughts on the matter . thanks ! 
2	Subject: equipped special notification : thank you for your inquiry , only two lenders are interested in offering you a deal . remember , for this special offer past credit history is not a factor . in accordance with our terms you must verify your information on our secure - private site to be eligable . have a great day - - bobbie mendez senior consultant - low - rate advisors inc . if this email has reached you in error please let us know . . . thx http : / / digram . arosepunta . com  
2	Subject: michael sergeev ' s rotation hi mike , as per our discussion i have managed to find a place for michael in ebs ' d . c . office . it is likely that he will work for me on the ebs side but will live in d . c . i will finalize that later . vince had mentioned that it is okay with him as long as it is okay with you . so please double check with vince on this . i suggest the following transition : start date in d . c . may 1 , 2000 from now till the start date , michael will slowly transition into my group but make sure that your activities are transitioned into someone else . but i would like to propose the may 1 , 2000 date as hard start so that michael will have to start moving few days before that , etc . regards , ravi . 
2	Subject: re : april 2001 spot purchases vance , deals for the following have been created and entered in sitara . the deal numbers are noted below : bob from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 30 / 2001 09 : 23 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / enron @ enronxgate , susan smith / enron @ enronxgate , melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate subject : april 2001 spot purchases bob , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producers listed below for the production month of april , 2001 . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and deal tickets should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume deal # price whiting petroleum corp 6523 200 mmbtu / d 692898 84 % if / hsc coastal merchant energy , lp 5923 775 mmbtu / d 692026 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 265 coastal merchant energy , lp 5848 240 mmbtu / d 692011 84 % if / hsc swift energy 2630 21 mmbtu / d 712357 100 % if / hsc less $ 1 . 38 duke energy trading & marketing 6347 200 mmbtu / d 691873 84 % if / hsc hesco gathering oil co . 6063 300 mmbtu / d 421856 84 % if / hsc embassy natural gas inc . 6598 180 mmbtu / d 691982 84 % if / hsc vintage gas inc . 9603 100 mmbtu / d 712358 84 % if / hsc stone energy 9696 4500 mmbtu / d 690252 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 20 the houston exploration 9696 6500 mmbtu / d 692844 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 16 amerada hess ( hess energy svcs ) 0435 2714 mmbtu / d 689849 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 12 crosstex energy services , ltd . 0435 654 mmbtu / d 689894 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 12 tri - union development 0435 149 mmbtu / d 689905 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 055 ranger oil company 9871 200 mmbtu / d 692461 85 % if / hsc if 300 / d these are producer svcs . deals and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: fw : the odds are against them there is no way to undermine the devastation and loss we ' ve all witnessed and felt over the last couple of weeks , but when you look at the following numbers and realize how much worse it could ' ve been , i guess there are a lot of people who were saved . . . subject : the odds are against them by now everyone has been hearing the death toll rise and reports of the destruction from the terrorist attacks on the us . these were deplorable acts that we will never forget . but now is a time to look at the other side of the numbers coming out of new york , washington and pennsylvania . the sad but somewhat uplifting side that the mainstream media has not reported yet - the survival rates and some positive news about the attacks . * * * the buildings * * * * the world trade center - the twin towers of the world trade center were places of employment for some 50 , 000 people . with the missing list of just over 5 , 000 people , that means 90 % of the people targeted survived the attack . a 90 % on a test is an ' a ' . * the pentagon - some 23 , 000 people were the target of a third plane aimed at the pentagon . the latest count shows that only 123 lost their lives . that is an amazing 99 . 5 % survival rate . in addition , the plane seems to have come in too low , too early to affect a large portion of the building . on top of that , the section that was hit was the first of five sections to undergo renovations that would help protect the pentagon from terrorist attacks . it had recently completed straightening and blastproofing , saving untold lives . this attack was sad , but a statistical failure . * * * the planes * * * * american airlines flight 77 this boeing 757 that was flown into the outside of the pentagon could have carried up to 289 people , yet only 64 were aboard . luckily 78 % of the seats were empty . * american airlines flight 11 this boeing 767 could have had up to 351 people aboard , but only carried 92 . thankfully 74 % of the seats were unfilled . * united airlines flight 175 another boeing 767 that could have sat 351 people only had 65 people on board . fortunately it was 81 % empty . * united airlines flight 93 this boeing 757 was one of the most uplifting stories yet . the smallest flight to be hijacked with only 45 people aboard out of a possible 289 had 84 % of its capacity unused . yet these people stood up to the attackers and thwarted a fourth attempted destruction of a national landmark , saving untold numbers of lives in the process . * * * in summary * * * out of potentially 74 , 280 americans directly targeted by these inept cowards , 93 % survived or avoided the attacks . that ' s a higher survival rate than heart attacks , breast cancer , kidney transplants and liver transplants - all common , survivable illnesses . the hijacked planes were mostly empty , the pentagon was hit at it ' s strongest point , the overwhelming majority of people in the world trade center buildings escaped , and a handful of passengers gave the ultimate sacrifice to save even more lives . pass this information on to those in fear and the media . don ' t fear these terrorists . the odds are against them . regards , amy brock hbd marketing team office : 281 - 988 - 2157 cell : 713 - 702 - 6815 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : suzanne young [ smtp : syoung _ piedmont @ yahoo . com ] sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 7 : 42 am to : andrea ; janet bilyeu ; amy brock ; heather cottom ; crites ; christi degeare ; beverly edwards ; misty floyd ; leah haynes ; michele huneke ; john ; leslie ; vicki moyer ; kim pope ; kerri williams subject : fwd : the odds are against them note : forwarded message attached . do you yahoo ! ? listen to your yahoo ! mail messages from any phone . http : / / phone . yahoo . com                                                                   ? easy unsubscribe click here : http : / / topica . com / u / ? a 84 vnf . a 9 ivhm ? or send an email to : brcc . yf - unsubscribe @ topica . com ? this email was sent to : dfarmer @ enron . com ? ? t o p i c a - - register now to manage your mail ! ? http : / / www . topica . com / partner / tago 2 / register ?                                                                   
2	Subject: ena trading track interviews all - in preparation for another round of trading track interviews for the ena group , please be aware of the following dates . . . october 10 - october 16 : initial phone interviews by two traders for external candidates . october 24 , 3 : 00 - 6 : 00 pm : final interviews for internal and external candidates . please send either karen buckley or me the names of internal individuals who you feel would be a great candidate for the ena trading track . we look forward to your active participation . kind regards , adrianne engler human resources x 57302 
2	Subject: intranet site seems like we should have a link from gro site to this . is this part of brent ' s organization ? http : / / globaltrade . enron . co . uk / 
2	Subject: t . j . mcreynolds sally , this resume was sent to me by one of the recruiters we use . i thought you might be interested in him because of his current position at dynegy . susan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by susan harrison / hou / ect on 06 / 14 / 2000 03 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve tinsley " on 06 / 05 / 2000 04 : 24 : 40 pm to : cc : subject : t . j . mcreynolds susan , ? i have known t . j . for several years and his is interested in working for enron . ? do you know if there is a position available at his level ? should i snd his resume to anyone else at enron ? ? please advise . ? thanks , steve - t . j . mcreynolds @ . doc 
2	Subject: softnet technology ( otcbb : sttc ) > softnet technology corp . ( otcbb : sttc ) what could be a more bullish sign for a public company than its ceo buying back a ton of shares ? very little , and the fact that the ceo / president of softnet has purchased over 1 million shares of sttc in the open market speaks volumes about his commitment and belief in the company ' s prospects . that in turn generally instills confidence in employees , business partners , analysts , shareholders and we expect , our readers . but what ’ s his motivation ? here ’ s what we know . in real estate , it ' s always been “ location , location , location ! ” in the 1990 s technology boom , it was “ platform , platform , platform ! ” after the internet stock bubble burst and the market sorted out the strong from the weak , things settled down and a new term gained prominence in technology circles : “ search engine . ” as yahoo grew and ebay became interactive , tech visionaries could see that “ engine , engine , engine ! ” was the market ' s newest money making mantra . in this millennium , the growth of google and ask jeeves has proven that a good search engine can be a terrific money maker for its owners . softnet technology , has its own proprietary commerce search engine that operates the innovative wholesalebyus . ( softnet acquired wholesalebyus ( wbu ) on july 9 , 2004 ) . as softnet changed its name and trading symbol to meet its new business model in august of this year , management chose to retain one of the company ' s best performing products , instead of selling it off . sttc created a solutions technology subsidiary that would be solely dedicated to the company ' s securetime ® biometric payroll system . that ' s insight - and industry insiders liked the way softnet handled the transition and retention of a prime revenue stream . so , the company now includes a search engine that internet retailers can use to their benefit and a biometric id system for securing work areas and producing complete payroll accuracy … in addition to their present ventures . softnet is already operating in the restaurant industry and the casino industry with its securetime ® software ( can hospitals and hotels be far behind ? ) and the recent launch of the wholesalebyus web site utilizing the company ' s proprietary search engine is a clear indicator that the company is on track , moving ahead , and generating sales . the aggressive nature of softnet ' s management and the products softnet has in operation may well warrant bookmarking their symbol and watching what happens . solutions technology , inc . ( sti ) offers a customized biometric system as a service that integrates fingerprint recognition security seamlessly into virtually any business . the system will dramatically minimize a company ’ s risks , streamline its processes , track its resources , and trim its labor costs . overview softnet technology ( otcbb : sttc ) is a technology based company that through has two wholly - owned subsidiaries - solutions technology and wholesalebyus . solutions technology ’ s plan centers around the company ' s ability to offer a complete biometric turnkey solution for a small or mid - sized company that needs to collect time and attendance , scheduling , entitlements , and personal / pay records . with a seamless interface to payroll services , it provides the client with one of the most cohesive time and attendance management systems available anywhere . wholesale by us provides internet sales predominately via ebay . the system is designed to sell products with minimal labor costs attached to the product . the largest product line is electronics , but is not limited too . wholesalebyus also sell ceiling fans , water fountains , media accessories , and car components . profile solutions technology , inc . solutions technology , inc . ( sti ) provides biometric identification solutions that easily integrate into customer business processes , and optimize several areas of business management that due to issues of security and inefficiecy , have historically squeazed companies ’ profitablility . these areas include : identity verification , secure site access , and time attendance . furthermore , the company , through its experienced management team , has developed a business model that will allow the company to completely eliminate the complexity and the cost of ownership for its customers . the combination of the sti tehnology and revolutionary business model have it positioned to provide a value proposition for businesses of any size , that will simply be difficult to beat . the first part of the solutions technology equation , that seperates the company from others , is that sti offers its positive identification verification systems as a service . in other words , sti customers do not need to make an investment in hardware , software licensing , maintenance contract , spare parts . the customer will never need to purchase upgrades , and will never need an it staff . the securetime system is simple to adopt , making it unique in an industry that due to the high cost of ownership and the complexity of biometric systems , has made it impossible for many companies to implement a solution that meets all of their needs . sti also has developed proprietary technology , unmatched in its industry . solutions technology , inc . ( sti ) offers a customized biometric system as a service that integrates fingerprint recognition security seamlessly into virtually any business . the system will dramatically minimize a company ’ s risks , streamline its processes , track its resources , and trim its labor costs . the sti system generates the secure data transactions and the reports that companies must have in order to raise the standards for security and efficiency of its business processes . securetime ® biometric solutions utilize cutting edge technologies that identify , capture , and manage these resources and other demand information . the system enables clients to supervise and control their resources precisely and become more efficient , directly affecting their bottom line . the system consists of two key components : stand alone biometric terminals and a back office suite of software services managed by sti . the terminals operate independently at your site and are synchronized via internal modem or internet access . each biometric terminal verifies identity while recording a time - stamped transaction . the configurable back office suite performs data collection and report generation in a variety of formats , media types and delivery methods . furhtermore , sti ’ s new securetime online allows a business to get its own reports at any time from anywhere . typical applications for the flexible securetime ® system are : identity verification ( tracks your resources precisely , by location ) secure site access ( controls your alarms , turnstiles , and / or doors ) time attendance ( calculates labor hours , exports directly to your payroll service ) wholesalebyus wholesalebyus ( wbu ) is a web - based , application server based software system that looks to take advantage of the boom in internet commerce . in fact , google ' s ipo focused investor attention on the growth of the overall search engine marketplace , while shopping . com ' s ipo helped focus investor attention on comparison shopping search . wbu looks to take advantage of this burgeoning industry through its proprietary technology that optimizes every aspect of the internet marketplace . the wbu system gives customers the ability to provide suppliers , manufacturers , retail stores and the like , exponentially expanded visibility and awareness for their products . distribution and sale of manufacturer , supplier and retail outlet products utilizing the wbu technology for distribution and sale dramatically increases awareness and visibility for these products through different portals on the internet . wbu ' s technology allows the companies that supply the products for sale through the wbu system to benefit from increased product offerings at no additional cost . the process simply cuts through the shopping search clutter to bring , the lowest retail price . how wholesalebyus works product descriptions and prices are mass uploaded by wholesalebyus to amazon , and to ebay , as “ buy it now ” items . product descriptions and prices are also uploaded to wholesalebyus ' s web site . upon order receipt , products are ordered from a manufacturer ' s or distributor ' s inventory usually within a day . products are generally shipped to the buyer with three days of order receipt . if an item is out of stock , the buyer ' s money is refunded immediately by wholesalebyus . in the short existence of one year , wbu has been able to reach the platinum seller status on ebay . wbu has been able to achieve and maintain a 99 . 5 % satisfaction feedback rate or higher on ebay . the shopping cart created by wbu has integrated a back end system to process orders , inventory , purchase ordering system , sales tracking and an email system . just over a month ago , sttc ' s new wholly owned subsidiary , wholesalebyus . com was offering only 150 products for sale on ebay . com . in just one short month , wbu has expanded its ability to provide increased exposure for other companies ' products on the internet to amazon . com and ebay . com . now , the product offering has increased over 6600 % to more than 10 , 000 products . the genius displayed by the wbu management is not just in increasing the product offering , but increasing it at no additional cost to the companies that supply the product for sale through the wbu system . symbol otc . bb sttc recent price $ 0 . 215 rating : strong purchase near - term target : 0 . 45 long - term target : 1 . 0 omarket cap : 11 . 3 million outstanding shares : 51 . 33 million 52 week hi / low : $ 0 . 02 / $ 0 . 33 the softnet management team mr . james m . farinella , ceo and president , and mr . david facciani , executive vice president champion the corporation ’ s management team . with 50 years of experience in creating and managing complex , multi - million dollar organizations , the dynamic team has amassed an impressive record of success and growth . their innovative vision and ability to capitalize on the latest in marketing attendance management technologies and gaming products gives the corporation the experienced stability needed to succeed in the highly dynamic global and technical marketplace . management has varied experience including startups to working for fortune 500 companies . this varied experience has been and will continue to be valuable to the company in the transition that has already occurred in going from a development stage to growth stage company and now in taking softnet technolgy into the future . recent headlines softnet technology generates record one month and one quarter revenue bernardsville , nj , march 30 , 2005 – softnet technology ( otcbb symbol : sttc ) ( german wkn # : aob 7 rz ) is pleased to announce today that the company has and will generate more revenue than ever recorded in a 30 - day period for the month of march . additionally , the company will also record more revenue , in the first quarter than ever recorded in any one quarter before . two of softnet technology ’ s wholly owned subsidiaries , indigo technology and wholesalebyus , have ramped up their operations in the past 90 days to accelerate revenues at a quickened pace . each of these two subsidiaries will generate their best performance , for one quarter ( this first quarter ) , in their respective histories . more impressive is that indigo and wbu each will have generated more than 50 % of their total revenues for the quarter in just the month of march . softnet technology as a company is expected to generate approximately $ 200 , 000 in sales for just the month of march – the best one month in the history of sttc . sttc ’ s wholly owned subsidiary , ( wbu ) www . wbushopping . com , individually will generate record revenues for the month of march . total internet sales will far exceed $ 150 , 000 for the month . more astonishing is the fact that more than two thirds of the revenues generated in march were generated in the second half of the month . this is made possible from all of the technology and procedure changes that were made in december 2004 and january 2005 . however , total recorded revenue , for the quarter , will be calculated using only sales of products that have been shipped to the customer . all sales not recorded in the first quarter will carry over to the second quarter . other company news - sttc subsidiary solutions technology has hired sales people in an initial effort to begin a large - scale rollout of the securetime system . final programming adjustments are being made as well for softnet international gmbh in preparation of turning the wbu system live in foreign countries with products for sale from those foreign jurisdictions . the media blitz with tva productions has begun and will ramp up and be in full swing over the next 30 days . “ it took a few months to get things going strong again after the shutdown in early december . but , sales are now back up and even above the levels that we experienced in november of 2004 , ” said mr . james m . farinella , ceo / president of softnet technology . “ we have added new programmers and management positions that will ensure continued accelerated and stable growth for the overall company . ” • softnet subsidiary , indigo , is contracted to implement a networking software architecture project for a new jersey based insurance company business wire ( mon , mar 21 ) • softnet technology corp . files sec form 10 ksb , annual report edgar online ( wed , mar 16 ) • softnet subsidiary , wholesalebyus , shows more than a 300 % increase in items sold on a daily basis - tva media blitz begins next week business wire ( wed , mar 16 ) • sttc subsidiary , wholesalebyus , expands product distribution to price grabber . com and adds several more co - branders business wire ( wed , mar 9 ) • softnet subsidiary , indigo , signs 2 - year master consulting agreement and is awarded contracts for internet support of 5 more hotels business wire ( mon , mar 7 ) • allpennystocks . com spotlights softnet technology corp . primezone media network ( mon , mar 7 ) • sttc subsidiary , wholesalebyus , adds a library of 400 , 000 music and movie products - adds new credit card processing on wbu website business wire ( thu , mar 3 ) contacts headquarters james m . farinella , ceo / pr / cb 1 anderson road , suite 105 bernardsville , nj 07924 united states phone : ( 866 ) 898 - 4842 fax : ( 908 ) 204 - 0201 www . softnettechnology . com stock quotes http : / / finance . yahoo . com / q ? s  sttc . ob disclaimer this profile published by otc live , inc is an independent electronic publication providing information and factual analysis on selected companies . all statements and expressions are the opinion of otc live , inc and are not meant to be either investment advice or a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell , or hold securities . investing in micro - cap securities is highly speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk . otc live , inc is not a broker dealer or a registered investment advisor . it is possible that an investor ' s investment may be lost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the companies profiled . profiles rely on information provided by the featured companies and / or edgar filings . while otc live , inc believes its sources to be reliable , associates of otc live , inc , or any affiliated parties make no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the information provided . readers should not rely solely on the information contained in this publication , but should consult with their own independent tax , business and financial advisors with respect to any investment opportunity , including any contemplated investment in the advertised company . factual statements in this publication are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . otc live , inc is not responsible for any claims made by the company . we have prepared this report , drawing upon a range of public news , the company ' s website and information from sources in the industry , as well as data and opinions provided by the company . prior to issuing this report , the company reviewed and approved the contents in writing hereof . otc live , inc has not independently verified the company ' s representations . any opinions expressed in this report are statements of judgment as of the date of publication . we urge readers to carefully verify all presentations within the report independently . the receipt of this publication shall not create , under any circumstances , any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the company profiled since the date of review . this advertisement does not provide an analysis of the company ' s financial position . otc live , inc of this advertisement has been compensated eight thousand dollars by a third party for the preparation and electronic dissemination of this report . this should be viewed as a potential conflict of interest . furthermore , associates of otc live , inc may have stock positions on profiled companies from time to time . we may profit in the event the shares of the company profiled by us increase in value . these positions may be liquidated from time to time even after we have made positive comments regarding the company . the receipt of this information constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions . safe harbor for forward - looking statements : except for historical information contained herein , the statements on this website and newsletter are forward - looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities reform act of 1995 . forward - looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties , which may cause a company ' s actual results in the future periods to differ materially from forecasted results . these risks and uncertainties include , among other things , product price volatility , product demand , market competition and risk inherent in the companies operations . you can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts . they use words such as ` ` anticipate , ' ' ` ` estimate , ' ' ` ` expect , ' ' ` ` project , ' ' ` ` intend , ' ' ` ` plan , , anticipate , guess , think , hear , suggest , ` ` believe , ' ' and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance . as a suggestion , never , ever , make an investment based solely on what you read in an online newsletter or internet bulletin board , especially if the investment involves a small , thinly - traded company that isn ' t well known , said nancy m . smith , director of sec ' s office of investor education and assistance . assume that the information about these companies is not trustworthy unless you can prove otherwise through your own independent research . internet fraud is available on the sec ' s web site , at http : / / www . sec . gov / consumer / cyberfr . htm . subscribe | updateprofile | unsubscribe  
2	Subject: 2001 budgets i will be working you each of you to create your 2001 budget . the first draft of the 2001 budget is due on september 18 th . i will be doing most of the work , i will just need a little bit of information from you ! for starters , i need your staffing requirements for 2001 . attached is a worksheet for you to enter what your approved staffing level is today , and any staff adds you think you will need by the end of next year . be sure to add the business justification for any staff adds . first fill in your approved staff for sept 2000 , then just change any month with a staff add , it will populate accross the rest of the months . type your justifcation at the bottom of the form . please turn in your 2001 staffing by september 11 , end of business . we will discuss your staffing requirements at steve ' s tuesday staff meeting . thanks ! 
2	Subject:  named derivatives exchange of the year  named derivatives exchange of the year atlanta , ga ( january 23 , 2002 ) - , one of the world ' s most liquid and fastest growing commodity marketplaces , has been named derivatives exchange of the year for 2002 by risk magazine . the risk awards recognize excellence and innovation in the fast - changing risk management and over - the - counter derivatives businesses . intercontinental was selected for its phenomenal performance in 2001 in light of the difficult year experienced by many trading platforms in the global energy sector . " the intercontinental organization has experienced a tremendous year , " said jeff sprecher , ceo of , who was also recently named as one of the top entrepreneurs of 2001 by businessweek magazine . " to be named derivatives exchange of the year is a testament to the extremely talented group surrounding me at intercontinental , who are successfully advancing a very powerful business model . " intercontinental experienced tremendous growth and reached numerous milestones in 2001 . with the acquisition of international petroleum exchange of london ( ipe ) , europe ' s leading energy futures and options exchange , ice added a broad range of exchange - traded energy - based futures and options markets to its extensive roster of energy and metals - based over - the - counter ( otc ) derivatives markets . in august 2001 , intercontinental signed an agreement to offer optional clearing services to its otc market participants with the london clearing house ( lch ) . with this service , intercontinental will be uniquely positioned to offer market participants the option to utilize clearing services for global energy and metals transactions . coupled with the july 2001 closing of its acquisition of the ipe , intercontinental will be the world ' s first exchange organization to offer a full spectrum of risk management products ranging from traditional bi - lateral otc agreements to cleared otc products to exchange - traded futures and options on futures . the past year also saw intercontinental make its move into the european otc gas and power markets with the introduction of markets for uk natural gas - related products in december 2001 . to support this expansion , ice entered into agreements with a number of leading firms engaged in the sale and trading of uk natural gas . in addition to expanding its product offerings in 2001 , intercontinental experienced rapid and substantial growth . the past year saw intercontinental increase the number of participating firms and users by more than 400 % . equally impressive , the number of trades executed on the exchange grew 15 fold over that same period . intercontinental will receive the award at the risk awards presentation dinner on february 28 th in new york . the proceeds of the dinner will go to risk waters group world trade appeal fund . about  is one of the world ' s most liquid and fastest growing electronic commodity marketplace , owned by over 100 of the world ' s leading energy and metals traders , brokers and bankers . the exchange electronic trading system is installed on over 7 , 500 desktops worldwide from which traders log on each day of the business week to trade more than 600 listed commodity and derivative contract types . broadly , these include crude oil and refined products , natural gas , power , precious metals and emissions allowances . contract forms include physical delivery as well as financially settled swaps , spreads , differentials and options based on a variety of fixed and floating price indices . based in atlanta ( and with offices in new york , houston , chicago , london and singapore ) , this electronic exchange is taking the technological revolution that occurred in international financial markets and extending it into global commodity markets .  is the owner of the international petroleum exchange of london ( ipe ) , europe ' leading energy futures and options exchange . the ipe provides highly regulated open outcry and electronic marketplaces where industry participants use futures and options to minimize their price risk exposure in the physical energy market . products traded on ipe include brent crude futures and options , gas oil futures and options , natural gas futures and electricity ( baseload ) futures . 
2	Subject: re : cp & l daren , i am handling cp & l and am trying to resolve this issue from february production . cp & l shows 5 , 000 mmbtu on february 21 , but we do not have a deal . were you able to find anything out about this ? thanks for your help . rebecca - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rebecca griffin / na / enron on 03 / 27 / 2001 04 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - katherine herrera 03 / 26 / 2001 09 : 57 am to : rebecca griffin / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : cp & l - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by katherine herrera / corp / enron on 03 / 26 / 2001 09 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : gary w lamphier @ ect 03 / 26 / 2001 09 : 52 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : cp & l can we verified this gas flowed ? if it did it should have been billed on his term deal if there was one in place . if the gas flowed and we did not invoice for it on term let me know and i will put it in . janet h wallis 03 / 22 / 2001 04 : 53 pm to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron subject : cp & l bob says he was not billed for a purchase he made from you at 5 k $ 5 . 16 on feb 21 st . will you check this out and get with bob a and katherine herrera . jw  
2	Subject: confirmation request 218 - 791 we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate . i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved . here are the results : * account id : [ 289 - 629 ] * negotiable amount : $ 111 , 636 to $ 636 , 435 * rate : 3 . 50 % - 5 . 93 % please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible . regards , rich blankenship senior account manager amston lenders , llc . database deletion : http : / / www . refin - xnd . net / r . php  
2	Subject: miningnews . net newsletter - monday , february 02 , 2004 monday , february 02 , 2004 miningnews . net to allow you to read the stories below , we have arranged a complimentary one month subscription for you . to accept , click here to visit our extended service at http : / / www . miningnews . net / . alternatively , just click any of the stories below . should you wish to discontinue this service , you may click here to cancel your subscription , or email subscriptions @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net . big year ahead for red metal the global copper market is forecast to be facing supply deficits of 500 , 000 tonnes this year , falling to a deficit of 300 , 000 in 2005 , according to market analysts . . . ( 2 february 2004 ) full story fmg to split in two andrew forrest ' s fortescue metals group ( fmg ) will separate its iron ore business from its $ 1 . 2 billion rail and port infrastructure project . . . ( 2 february 2004 ) full story more trouble at tarmoola sons of gwalia has experienced further pit problems at its tarmoola gold operation near leonora , with mining being suspended in the north pit . . . ( 2 february 2004 ) full story resolute sells burkina faso ground resolute mining ' s divestment of non - core assets has continued with canadian company goldbelt resources buying resolute ' s exploration projects in burkina faso for us $ 1 . 5 million cash plus shares and warrants worth c $ 5 million . . . ( 2 february 2004 ) full story mil considers stanwell magnesium international is evaluating the stanwell area west of rockhampton in central queensland as a possible new home for its samag magnesium smelter . . . ( 2 february 2004 ) full story smc continues chilean diligence queensland based junior smc gold is proceeding with legal and financial due diligence in relation to taking a 70 % stake in chilean gold and copper company compania minera tamaya . . . ( 2 february 2004 ) full story steady quarter for anglogold anglogold has reported flat gold production and slightly weaker earnings from the december quarter . . . ( 2 february 2004 ) full story strike pressure on nickel price the nickel price is expected to come under pressure this week after workers downed tools at the sudbury operations in canada owned by falconbridge on sunday . . . ( 2 february 2004 ) full story ashanti hedging to be cut closing a big portion of the hedge book of ashanti goldfields is expected to take more than a year , according to new owner of the ghana - based miner , anglogold . . . ( 2 february 2004 ) full story cerro colorado workers strike copper prices hit a six - and - a - half year high late friday after workers at a bhp billiton copper mine in south america went on strike . . . ( 2 february 2004 ) full story siberia set to start mining siberia mining has awarded a mining contract to bgc contracting and will truck ore 35 km from its siberia gold project north of kalgoorlie to croesus mining ' s davyhurst mill . . . ( 30 january 2004 ) full story apollo intercepts wabash lode junior apollo gold has reported intercepting remnant high - grade material at the old workings at wabash and ida - h after drilling 13 rc holes . the lode itself was intercepted for 3 m at wabash and at ida - h panning of a lm interval revealed several specks of visible gold . . . ( 30 january 2004 ) full story lafayette says unaffected by philippines ruling lafayette mining does not believe the supreme court ruling that voided a philippine government agreement allowing indophil resources and its partners to develop the tampakan project will result in any delay in the development of its rapu rapu polymetallic project . . . ( 30 january 2004 ) full story tectonic profit doubles junior nickel producer tectonic resources has posted a net profit before tax of $ 7 . 15 million for the december quarter , an increase of 115 % on the preceding period . . . ( 30 january 2004 ) full story policy , not geology attractive geology does not guarantee mining investment if a region ' s policies are bad , say mining executives surveyed in the seventh annual survey of mining companies released by the fraser institute . . . ( 30 january 2004 ) full story short contracts put scare on future output the trend away from long - term supply contracts to short - term agreements may be breeding financial uncertainty among coal producers , which are less willing to undertake expensive new production projects , jeopardising future production . . . ( 30 january 2004 ) full story mponeng seismic event claims two lives two deaths occurred yesterday following a seismic event at the mponeng gold mine in south africa , according to the national union of mineworkers . . . ( 30 january 2004 ) full story outokumpu achieves tough international standard outokumpu american brass is the first integrated manufacturer of copper and copper - alloy sheet and strip products in north america to earn the iso / ts 16949 , a stringent international quality standard for suppliers in the automotive industry . . . . full story roche , bec help chaffers restorationa group of enthusiasts is trying to save from the scrap heap two historic pieces of mining machinery used at the old chaffers mine at kalgoorlie . . . . miningnews . net ' s e - newsletter uses an html - rich media format to provide a visually attractive layout . if , for any reason , your computer does not support html format e - mail , please let us know by emailing contact @ miningnews . net with your full name and e - mail address , and we will ensure you receive our e - newsletter in a plain - text format . if you have forgotten your password , please contact helpdesk @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net . aspermont limited ( abn 66 000 375 048 ) postal address po box 78 , leederville , wa australia 6902 head office tel + 61 8 9489 9100 head office fax + 61 8 9381 1848 e - mail contact @ aspermont . com website www . aspermont . com section dryblower investment news mine safety and health & environment mine supply today analyst tips capital raisings commodities director trades due diligence exploration general ipos market wrap mining events moves mst features on the move on the record people in profil project watch resourcestocks the big picture week in review commodity coal copper diamonds gold nickel silver zinc bauxite - alum chromium cobalt gemstone iron ore kaolin magnesium manganese mineral sand oilshale pgm rare earths salt tantalum tin tungsten uranium vanadium region africa all regions asia australia europe north americ oceania south americ primex expo 2004 ground support in mining ( in conjunction with bfp consultants ) ajm ' s 7 th annual global iron ore & steel forecast conference : strengthening australia ' s ties to china within the iron & steel industry minehaul 2004 - the 2004 haulage event for surface mining operators show all events  
2	Subject: saiba como aumentar seu penis em até 7 cm saiba como aumentar seu penis em até 7 cm , com tecnicas guardadas a 7 chaves hoje reveladas ! http : / / clinica - do - peniss . ta - na . net 
2	Subject:  the permanent solution to penis enlargement limited time offer : increase atleast 4 inches or your money back - - - > click here and see more no thanks  
2	Subject: purchase meds here on | | 1 ne visit our slte and order here http : / / scratcher . aloodk . com / as # craves  
2	Subject: important online banking alert dear valued citizensr bank member , due to concerns , for the safety and integrity of the online banking community we have issued the following warning message . it has come to our attention that your citizensr account information needs to be updated as part of our continuing commitment to protect your account and to reduce the instance of fraud on our website . if you could please take 5 - 10 minutes out of your online experience and renew your records you will not run into any future problems with the online service . however , failure to confirm your records may result in your account suspension . once you have confirmed your account records your internet banking service will not be interrupted and will continue as normal . to confirm your bank account record please click here . thank you for your time , citizensr financial group . privacy | security 2005 citizens financial group . all rights reserved . terms of use | site map  
2	Subject: re : meter # : 1266 ; august 2000 / allocation exception why are these volumes flowing ? from : robert e lloyd 08 / 21 / 2000 01 : 36 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect , anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; august 2000 / allocation exception should i roll this deal to cover august 2000 activity ? volumes todate are as follows : 82 mm 8 / 16 85 mm 8 / 17 65 mm 8 / 18 57 mm 8 / 19 60 mm 8 / 20 sitara ticket # : 363514 these small meter flows are causing allocation exceptions for august . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 21 / 2000 01 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 08 / 11 / 2000 03 : 17 pm to : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 11 / 2000 03 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd on 08 / 11 / 2000 03 : 16 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception the volumes are as follows : july lst 414 mmbtu july 31 12 mmbtu total : 426 mmbtu ' s also , the sitara deal # is : 363514 from : lee l papayoti on 08 / 11 / 2000 02 : 02 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception please set up a ticket priced at gas daily houston ship channel midpoint minus $ 0 . 03 also , can you let me know the exact volumes in question on july 1 and july 31 ? dorcheus wants to know . me too . thanks lee to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception just a reminder that " allocation close " is monday , august 14 th . a sitara ticket is needed to set up an acctg . arrangement which will eliminate the allocation exception for meter # 981266 { victoria station # 2 / brandywine } . from : lee l papayoti on 08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 33 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception i ' ll get you a price tomorrow when i meet with him . . . from : robert e lloyd 08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 50 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception i spoke with bob dorcheus , brandywine about this issue and he suggest you and he get together and agree on a price because the gas flowed into the plant . this gas flowed without a nomination . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : gary a hanks 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 27 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception the volumes on meter # 1266 for 7 / 1 / 00 and 7 / 31 / 00 are valid gas flow . 7 / 1 / 00 volumes are carry over from june activity ( meter was shut in a little after 9 : 00 am on 7 / 1 / 00 ) . 7 / 31 / 00 volumes were caused by the plant bringing on the meter before 9 : 00 am on 8 / 1 / 00 . if you have any questions please call . 36449 . thanks gary h - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 17 am to : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception please verify the volume on meter # : 1266 for july lst & 31 st are valid gas flow . brandywine did not nominate any activity at this meter for july 2000 . 
2	Subject: mgmt summary & hot list attached are the mgmt . summary , hot list , and metrics for the week and quarte ending 7 / 27 / 00 . beginning next week we will be posting this information to the executive reports viewer . 
2	Subject: xp pro $ 50 , ms office xp $ 1 oo , adobe illustrator $ 80 , ms office 2 oo 3 $ 8 o charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > made things truth cold nineteen draw place act appear boy , least letter touch blue mine rhythm planned night mans super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce - -   - - ciick here to check out - -   - - after girl set turning force were time chief relief  
2	Subject: hottest teenage video galleries our teens portal present : - on - line chats - weekly updates - erotic stories archive - support service - forum - live video chats - over 324 hours of hq video - 206543 + images small about our models : sweet teen playing with boyfriend ! her teen beauty invites you to join ! uncle rubber dick ! sveta satisfies herself and her young friend ' s cock using cock at maximum ! fingers + cock in the pussy . finger for the ass , cock for the pussy . click here to get the best : http : / / no - l - e - g - a - l - teens . net / remove : http : / / no - l - e - g - a - l - teens . net / stop /  
2	Subject: underpriced issue with high return on equity wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 16 apr 25 , 20 o 5 - - wysak petroleum is pleased to report that due diiigence is neariy complete in regards to the company ' s further planned leases in the wyoming oi | region . management anticipates further news wiil be forthcoming shortiy and will report on developments as they occur . targets include properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wi | | strategically purchase leases in know and proven oi | they include exxonmobile , wi | | iams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oil & gas and coaibed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has billions of doliars in proven oi | and gas reserves . in 2 oo 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oi | . collectiveiy over 26 , ooo welis produced 54 . 7 million barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an all - time high of 18 . 4 triilion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oil were 489 miilion barreis . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triilion cubic feet . nearly loo we | | s are being dri | | ed each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 million - acre basin could have 5 o , 000 to 100 , oo 0 producing weils before they are finished . this is the | argest onshore natural gas play in north america within the | ast ten years . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop traditiona | fossil fue | sites , as we | | as ciean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federa | oi | they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectively , over 26 , ooo wells produced 54 . 7 mi | | ion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natura | gas in wyoming conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 300 o do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 018 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: . . . if you ' re looking for the lowest software prices on the web , you just found them ! name - brand software at low , low , low , low prices the art of life lies in a constant readjustment to our surroundings . as a man thinks in his heart , so is he . 
2	Subject: commercial teams plan presentations hi louise , currently we have 2001 forecast and 2002 plan as the information to be provided to you on the templates . would you like for us to add in 2001 plan , as we did for the back - office presentations ? also , have you had an opportunity to create the goals & objectives portion of their presentation ? fyi - each team has completed their expense portion of the plan presentation . i ' ll send up a book monday - the teams are still working on the 2001 margin forecast , so i ' ll send that update as soon as it ' s available . 
2	Subject: learn how to get this freedom . . . freedom of choice prescriptions for female sexual disfunction it ’ s such a part of me , i assume everyone can see it . necessity makes even the timid brave . history is a nightmare from which i am trying to awake . 
2	Subject: the bast phharma out ther - same da - y shijpping ! chromium hi ! this is for sure one of the best pahrma we can offer you . we can give special deels and more . just enter the pharmma now . don ' t hesitate alb nah cloy cloven crossword blank compote centrex . assumption chump babbitt chinchilla . cauldron calvary bobby aspirant aspect . apotheosis cameraman alluvium conclusion . agglomerate bergland consular choreography caracas . arsine bandpass carlyle . confident buzzer combine . commemorate assignee crinkle biscuit antiperspirant . coalesce amphioxis biddy baseman arrack . bashful aloe al . alcoa assyria bottommost abreast buzzing d ' etat . camel billiard bland cufflink . 
2	Subject: fw : power : enron ( ene : baa 3 / bbb - ) - - credit comment . . . fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jon cartwright [ mailto : jcartwright @ fi . rjf . com ] sent : tuesday , november 20 , 2001 3 : 03 pm to : energy - gram ( e - mail ) subject : power : enron ( ene : baa 3 / bbb - ) - - credit comment . . . > portable document format ( pdf ) , are viewable using adobe acrobat reader ( tm ) , available as freeware at > jon kyle cartwright senior energy analyst raymond james & associates taxable fixed income research raymond james financial center tower iii , third floor 880 carillon parkway st . petersburg , fl 33733 - 2749 tel : 727 - 573 - 8366 fax : 815 - 425 - 4161 email : jcartwright @ fi . rjf . com raymond james & associates , inc . member new york stock exchange / sipc institutional clients may call : high grade trading 800 - 248 - 8863 ext . 8336 * high yield trading 800 - 805 - 7810 this communication is not an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy any securities mentioned herein . high grade and high yield securities mentioned herein may not be suitable for all investors . raymond james & associates , inc . or its affiliates ( rja ) may perform investment banking or other services for , or solicit investment banking business from , any company mentioned in this report . rja or its officers , employees , or affiliates may own shares , options , rights or warrants and / or execute transactions in the securities mentioned in this report , which may not be consistent with the report ' s conclusions . additionally , rja may at times elect to make markets in particular high yield securities , but there can be no guarantee that our market making activities will be uninterrupted . all expressions of opinion reflect the judgment of the research department of raymond james & associates , inc . , at the time of publication and may be subject to change without notice . information has been obtained from sources considered reliable , but we do not guarantee that the foregoing report is accurate or complete . other departments of rja may have information that is not available to the research department about companies mentioned in this report . for institutional clients of the european economic area ( eea ) : this document ( and any attachments or exhibits hereto ) is intended only for eea institutional clients or others to whom it may lawfully be submitted . further information on the securities mentioned herein is available upon request . ? 2001 raymond james & associates , inc . 
2	Subject: 30 seconds refinance hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a much lower rate based on the biggest rate drop in years . you can now get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 650 a month ! bad credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! follow this link to process your application and a 24 hour approval : best regards , ivory dove to be remov ( ed : http : / / www . r 8 tesdrop . com / x / st . html  
2	Subject: select our cyberspace for quick antidotes . we provide timely and efficient processing of you . r or - der . contents are not mentioned for discretion . count on us for reduced prices on all you . r requirements . none of these discomforts can prevent you from enjoying our dailylife . we help you fight against these severeheadache , intensepressure , mansperformance , womenshealthcaring and . choose our quicker alleviations . i received the goods within 48 hrs . impressive ! i found your website is very innovative . you ¡ ¯ ve got the whole packages . quality medicines . min prices . prompt shipment . gratis consultations . top up prescripts at zero charge . fantastic ! ¨ c jolie martin in ny . http : / / xg 76 . b . finedealcollector . com / 8 tl / contented with it ? " but charles , though in very good humour with her , was out of temper expression which seemed its natural character . 5509 lincolnshire street , surprise , arizona , 85379 843 - 964 - 8765 
2	Subject: looking for a perfect gift ? gift a swiss watchs ! - jkoutsi p 9574 uv replicasonline - we never compromise on quality rolex replica is our speciality we guarantee lowest prices and highest quality we are the direct manufacturers . for top quality rolex watchs pleas visit : here are some of our top brands : yachtmaster gmt - master ii date - just cosmograph no more - - - - - - new rolex watches newsletter jwvezjoz @ sbcglobal . net  
2	Subject: re : account thank you very much for your mortgage refinance application . the company that best suited your needs is requesting applicant verification in order to process your claim . ( company id : p - 035 ) thanks , rachel clemons broker ( p - 531 - 842 ) 
2	Subject: this report can vary your life history ! invented for : extend sexual life ride help intimate functioning copious and inflexible erections augment staying power & endurance forms : better formula works in less than 19 minutes best price on the internet our web representation  
2	Subject: re : enron / stanford program vince , i have managed to change my ticket and we can meet for dinner on sunday 10 / 15 / 00 . shall we say at 7 pm ? > > > > giuseppe : can you please join us for dinner on sunday 10 / 15 . we ' d like to briefly discuss the project too . could i please ask you to make reservations for 3 at il fornaio or some other nice place in palo alto ? preferably a quiet place where we can talk . > nick , > > dinner on sunday would work for me . i shall stay > in the bay area till monday morning . > > vince > > nick bambos on 09 / 28 / 2000 08 : 33 : 38 pm > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > cc : > subject : re : enron / stanford program > > hi vince , > > i am on the technical program committee of the infocom 2001 conference , > and we are meeting in new york city on saturday , october 14 th , to select > papers for the conference program . i ' m leaving stanford on friday and > getting back on sunday . > > it might be a possibility to have dinner together on sunday , if that would > work for you . in that case i would have to reschedule my flight to land > in sfo earlier than i ' m currently scheduled to land . > > would dinner on sunday work for you ? any chance we can meet monday for > lunch ? > > i look forward to seeing you . > > best regards , > > nick > > vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > > > nick , > > > > i shall be in stanford oct 14 - 15 , visiting my family . > > i would be glad to meet you ( and possibly giuseppe - your call ) for > lunch . > > please , let mer know if you are free on one of these days . saturday would > > work better for me . > > > > vince > > > > nick bambos on 09 / 21 / 2000 02 : 09 : 46 pm > > > > to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com > > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > > subject : re : enron / stanford program > > > > stinson , > > > > great ! i ' m looking forward to a very productive collaboration . > > i ' ll immediately start doing giuseppe ' s papers , for him to work > > on the enron / stanford program . > > > > many thanks to you and vince , and i hope to see you soon at stanford > > or enron . if i remember correctly , vince is visiting stanford in > > october . > > > > best regards , > > > > nick > > > > stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote : > > > > > > nick , > > > > > > i spoke with paul racicot , head of trading for ebs , north america this > > > morning . he said that he is happy to send the $ 100 , 000 for your > program > > > from his budget . i have forwarded to him the draft letter to > accompany > > > the funds and will try to follow up to make sure that the money is sent > > > promptly . > > > > > > - - stinson 
2	Subject: don ' t click here thousands of people worldwide received their 10 , 000 you can either help us get you 10 , 000 $ or let us do all the work for you . all you need to know is that by visiting the site below you will understand how it ' s done ! http : / / www . giftaffiliatesclub . com 
2	Subject: gpg organization announcement - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by audrey robertson / et & s / enron on 07 / 17 / 2000 12 : 50 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : dave schafer 07 / 17 / 2000 10 : 33 am sent by : lisa costello to : ricki winters / et & s / enron @ enron , audrey robertson / et & s / enron @ enron , linda wehring / et & s / enron @ enron , amelia williams / fgt / enron @ enron , melinda gallishaw / ots / enron @ enron , tammy kovalcik / fgt / enron @ enron , alicia lenderman / fgt / enron @ enron , zelda paschal / fgt / enron @ enron , maria perales / et & s / enron @ enron , cynthia mayes / npng / enron @ enron , sarita garza / fgt / enron @ enron , janice hogan / gpgfin / enron @ enron , kathy campos / gpgfin / enron @ enron , judy kudym / et & s / enron @ enron , sandra keiderling / npng / enron @ enron , alliece morris / ots / enron @ enron , rita houser / gpgfin / enron @ enron , connie alvis / npng / enron @ enron , susan gensichen / npng / enron @ enron , darla steffes / npng / enron @ enron , martha benner / et & s / enron @ enron , julie mccoy / et & s / enron @ enron , sharon solon / et & s / enron @ enron , deb cappiello / et & s / enron @ enron , virginia o ' neill / et & s / enron @ enron , dee svatos / npng / enron @ enron , amelia alder / ots / enron @ enron , anne jolibois / fgt / enron @ enron , ruth mann / et & s / enron @ enron , emily sellers / et & s / enron @ enron cc : cindy stark / corp / enron @ enron , lisa costello / ots / enron @ enron subject : gpg organization announcement attached is an important organization announcement that should go out to all gpg employees immediately : the timeliness and confidentiality of this announcement have made it impossible for us to use the notes team to handle distribution via e - mail , as would normally be the case . as a result , please forward the message to everyone in your respective department ( s ) . note to those of you whose departments include field locations : we are sending the announcement to all field locations via burst fax , so you should not need to e - mail copies . faxes will be distributed at approximately 10 : 30 this morning . please call lisa costello ( x 31819 ) if you have any questions . 
2	Subject: equity preview costa , tiger team technologies ( otc - ttmt ) leading developer of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medical service providers ( source : news 1 / 4 / 05 ) current price - $ 0 . 17 reasons to consider ttmt : ( many of you will agree : this is a hot industry ) * tiger team technologies ( t 3 ) , is a leading developer of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medical service providers through state - of - the - art communication hardware and software technologies . t 3 has exclusive rights on this patented process , which guarantees secure and bonded electronic file transmission in accordance with federal mandated hippa compliance requirements . this translates to total patient privacy and security which is key to reducing the liability and medical premiums placed on providers . based in st . paul , mn , the company seeks to pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at corporate and individual medical practices by leveraging this exclusive transmission process as an incentive for the medical community to outsource existing services . * capitalizing on increasing demand for hippa compliant guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions , including all licenses and certifications required for handling medical files and performing transcription services . * employing t 3 ’ s exclusive and patented process designed to deliver secure transmissions bonded up to $ 2 , 500 per transmission . * establishing a certification program for medical industry similar to iso 9000 or six sigma programs applied to industrial environments . * offering medical community a bundle of services with high level of security and redundancy and 30 % reduction in costs . * leading advantages over competition in terms of process , technology , service and quality control . ( source : company website ) recent news : tiger team technologies announces its intention to be a fully reporting company _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ watch this stock trade thursday ! ! good luck and successful trading . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information available about the company . other factors include a limited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reliance on loans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of the company to complete the planned bridge financing , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a re gis tered in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of twenty thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: bait @ em . ca disulfide binghamton vt helpmate photo caramel chairlady mingle compile consort carpathia sublimate rink frog iran cubbyhole hydrate execution peppermint septum video dickerson ohmic japan circuit emphysematous systemic castillo jonquil sleek steam communicant consumptive chamber pyroxenite segregate effete inventive buggy inexplicable eunice rickshaw gentlemen christie paulus brandy participate apatite execrable consulate magi bisque redact revolve carrel snuffle amount fb 2 deflater belt marlborough bootleg expedite banter mountainside fluorite hell clark delmarva concubine trinidad inaudible bernardino bocklogged conduit zfx 9 hieroglyphicacton 
2	Subject: re : deal # 339693 eol waha - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary poorman / na / enron on 07 / 24 / 2000 12 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary poorman 07 / 24 / 2000 12 : 46 pm to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : deal # 339693 eol waha aquila split the volume between two points , that is why the deal changed . the total volume was still correct . i just found out today , from stacie , that a buy on eol needs to be on the header and come from a pgev hub or title tracking agreement . i had previously been under the impression that whatever pipeline the customer wanted , buy or sell , was fine with us . however , keeping the purchases on hub agmts . will save enron $ . 0025 / transaction and push all imbalances and fees to the supplier . mary 
2	Subject: re : possible rtp conference dear professor huntington , thursday 10 a . m . works for me . please , let me know where i can meet you . i am attaching my itinerary , so that you can contact me if necessary . my cell phone number is 713 410 5396 . vince kaminski 
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 13 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 313 . xls ) - hplno 313 . xls 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , catherine  
2	Subject: risk management policy per ted ' s request , i am forwarding you a copy of the most recent board approved risk management policy . thanks , veronica 
2	Subject: get real results with real v / agra 52 a make her want you more then ever super v \ \ agra will keep you rokk hard all weekend . - do what you know she will love ! - be king of the bedroom - we have the cheapest prices available . - no pre / scrip / tion req / uired ! he came with his father and some friends . they worked hard , and built a tree house in me ! i was sad . this is the end , i thought as they mixed me into a pulp . i was a tree again ! once again , i stood tall and proud on my hill . one day , the next summer , i saw the boy again ! i realized i was a special tree . they cut me into smaller sheets of paper . she read me over and over . one day she had a picnic on a hill . my hill . i saw my own stump . he came with his father and some friends . they worked hard , and built a tree house in me !  
2	Subject: it is a nice pick for customers prefer lovvprice tablets . you can select from a wide selection of brand name and generic tablets and it is legitimate to select one licensed chemist - site for medicals . with a wide range of medicals on pain , ereection dysfunction , highcholesterol , stress , obesity , musclerelaxant , sleeping disorder and man ' s care , it is easier to stayfit . choose our chemist - site for e - shopping can help customers gget the or - der sent to the destination in a timely manner . it is really easy to sav on medis as you know the right way . our store provides customers a wonderful chance to cut down the expenditures significantly . it is simple and effective . at our store , i can select from a lot of medis at lovver prices . and it is really quick and convenient to shoppe at your site . thank you all for these great offfers . - - tina d . in la http : / / um . a . dreamingofgood . com / yxq / ing the place . the old man made jokes a " so you have done mischief , " said the mother of the winds . " i shall leave tiful daughter of a neighboring king would be his wife , for a fineship was bout martin , an d declared there mu in 2 monument , st be some magic about that fellow , of wh 0 time bells 
2	Subject: attention and congratulations ! ! ! the national lottery p o box 1010 liverpool , l 70 lnl united kingdom ( customer services ) ref : uk / 9420 x 2 / 68 batch : 074 / 05 / zy 369 award winning notification : we happily announce to you the draw ( # 1001 ) of the uk national lottery , online sweepstakes international program held on wednesday 29 th july 2005 and was officially announce today 26 th august 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : 56475600545188 with serial number 5368 / 02 drew the lucky numbers : 10 - 12 - 13 - 17 - 31 - 37 ( bonus ball no . 44 ) , which subsequently won you the lottery in the 2 nd category i . e match 6 . you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of £ 1 , 440 , 772 ( one million , four hundred and fourty thousand , seven hundred and seventy two pounds sterlings ) in cash credited to file ktu / 9023118308 / 03 . this is from a total cash prize of £ 2 , 881 , 544 shared amongst the first two ( 2 ) jackpot lucky winners in this category i . e match 6 . all participants for the online version were selected randomly from world wide web sites through computer draw system and extracted from over 100 , 000 unions , associations , and corporate bodies that are listed online which are america , africa , asia , australia , europe , middle east , and oceania . this promotion takes place weekly . please note that your lucky winning number falls within our europe booklet representative office in europe as indicated in your play coupon . in view of this , you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of £ 1 , 440 , 772 ( one million , four hundred and fourty thousand , seven hundred and seventy two pounds sterlings ) would be released to you by any of our payment offices in europe . our europe agents will immediately commence the process to facilitate the release of your funds as soon as you contact them . for security reasons , you are advised to keep your winning information confidential till your claims is processed and your money remitted to you in whatever manner you deem fit to claim your prize . this is part of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program . please be warned . to file for your claim , please contact our fiduciary agent : mr , paul van heinz email : heinzclaimo 04 @ myway . com phone : + 447031840381 : + 447031930699 : + 447031840364 for further clarification / verification of your claims , please call any of the phone number of our fiduciary agent stated in this notification e - mail . you can go to our online result site to confirm the value of your winnings and also get a prize breakdown : - www . national - lottery . co . uk goodluck and congratulation from all members of staff of the uk national lottery . yours faithfully , mrs , jennifer dave . online coordinator for uk national lottery sweepstakes international program gesendet ?ber www . berotik . de mit blgmail 5 - www . blg . info  
2	Subject: meter 986679 ; the hughes c / p i have flow at the meter everyday without a deal in dec . it is on the ua 4 and needs a ticket . bob phoned vance and vance does not know of any activity of theirs at the meter . any insight ? mary 
2	Subject: it is a great sav . ing time . check our chronoswiss and breitlings immediately . browse our range of battery & quartz , automatic and mechanical watches . we have the best battery , automatic and mechanical watches for sho . ppers to pick from . http : / / d 3 . a . helpwithuweb . com / b 2 m / months , and then at length a fair wind blew from the south - west . the were at first unconsciously given . they had travelled half their way ( with a faltering voice ) , " if woman ' s feelings were to be 5605 w n morris st , chicago , illinois 60657 773 - 953 - 5810 
2	Subject: you are approved ! ! ! ( 158545 ) our loan packages have never been more attractive ! now is the time to refinance your home or get a second mortgage to consolidate all of your high interestcredit card debt . get all the smart cash you ' ll need ! cash out your equity while rates are low ! all usa homeowners easily qualify ! damaged credit is never a problem ! we work with nation - wide lenders that are offering great deals and will provide you with the best service on the internet ! our service is 100 % free ! click here for more details and to receive a no obligation quotation today ! we strongly oppose the use of spam email and do not want anyone who does not wish to receive ourmailings to receive them . please click here to be deleted from further communication click here to unsubscribe from future promotions . 77259 
2	Subject: quiz ! q . what do revenue management , windows 2000 and time all have in common ? a . they are all topics in the latest issue of the gpg it customer news ! go to http : / / www . ots . enron . com / gpg _ it / cl / index . html to stay up - to - date ! 
2	Subject: new network upgrade proposal ? ??? ?????? ??? ???????? ??????????? ??? ??????? ??? ????????? ??? ????????? :  
2	Subject: , find out the truth about anyone ! find out the truth about anyone . now you can do background investigations of your neighbors , employees , friends and neighbors , using your computer at home or work ! to find out more click here now ! it ' s fast , its easy and its fun . net detective 7 . 0 is an amazing new tool that allows you to dig up facts about anyone . it is all completely legal , and you can use it in the privacy of your own home without anyone ever knowing . it ' s cheaper and faster than hiring a private investigator . to find out more click here net detective 7 . 0 is endorsed by the national association of independentprivate investigators ( naipi ) you have signed up with one of our network partners to receive email providing you with special offers that may appeal to you . if you do not wish to receive these offers in the future , reply to this email with " unsubscribe " in the subject or simply click on the following link : unsubscribe  
2	Subject: attention : downtown club ( met ) members payroll deductions and cost center billings for the downtown club ( met ) memberships will terminate december 31 , 2001 . memberships will continue through a direct billing arrangement with the downtown club . as most of you are aware , enron has maintained a valuable partnership with the downtown club for the past two years , and they have graciously offered the following for current and future members : the downtown club is pleased to continue to offer the preferred dues rates to current / former enron employees . the downtown club would like to assist you and keep you connected to the downtown community and help you maintain a healthy lifestyle during these challenging times . membership offer : 1 ) waived initiation fee through 2 / 28 / 2002 2 ) sports membership preferred monthly dues of $ 62 . 79 ( plus tax ) honored through december 2002 3 ) all memberships are via direct monthly billing to the member for more information - please contact membership at 713 . 652 . 0700 . if you do not wish to keep your membership , please email your cancellation notice to mailto : georgia . fogo @ enron . com as soon as possible . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * the downtown club is pleased to partner with resources connection for a wonderful member benefit : join us december 20 th from 9 a . m . to 2 p . m . for a complimentary career crisis workshop featuring bonnie monych , cpc focusing on : dealing with career crisis climate control ( what ' s hot and who ' s hiring ) me , inc . ( marketing yourself ) lunch is provided * rsvp is required to keith at 713 . 289 . 3853 * limited seating * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * thank you . 
2	Subject: fw : bike commute here is the bike commute challenge url - please login and enter your commute data http : / / westpower / bikecommute / the front page will give your total info as well as your teams info . click on your name ( below your team on the left you will see your name ) this will show your calendar . scroll to the bottom of the calendar and select " click here " . you need to select an entry for each day of the calendar month . go ahead and fill out the weekends and days you are scheduled not in the office . ie : if you don ' t work weekends or have scheduled time out of the office - select " out of office " . for the days you have ridden please select either " both ways " or " to work " or " from work " or " did not ride " . you will see the leader board to the right w / current team total miles and total trips . select " back to personal statistics page " ( located at bottom of calendar ) - scroll down and you will see your personal stats . select " home page " to see graphs . please see your team leader for questions . 
2	Subject: delivery status notification ( failure ) the following message to was undeliverable . the reason for the problem : 5 . x . 0 - message bounced by administrator 
2	Subject: this is your dad unsubscribe isocline frozen ambivalentcoriolanus amicable ascriptionarcher octet tristanterm mother drovetruly solder galvanicdubitable tilde leakagecollectible etc inventorairtight terrain cranenotebook 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost amonq competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you wiii see several iogo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needsand fit your business . fiexible discounts : iogo improvement , additionai formats , buik orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : new computer jarod : can you help her with the sun equipment ? shirley : what type equipment are you requesting for the other users thanks lyn shirley crenshaw 01 / 17 / 2000 03 : 43 pm to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , william smith / corp / enron @ enron subject : new computer hi lyn : i have not received an answer for the below request for another sun computer . did you get it ? we also need to order another regular computer like the others that have been supplied to the research group . it will be for tanya tamarchenko and her location on the 19 th floor is eb 1940 . tanya has two offices and does not have a computer in her office on the 19 th floor . co # 0011 - rc # 100038 thanks ! shirley crenshaw - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2000 03 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 01 / 12 / 2000 11 : 14 am to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : sun computer hi lyn ; the research group is in need of another sun computer to be located at ebl 951 . please let me know that eta . co . # 0011 - rc # 100038 thanks ! shirley 3 - 5290 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 12 / 2000 11 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 01 / 07 / 2000 01 : 49 pm to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect cc : william smith / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron subject : new pc hi lyn : alex huang has requested a new pc and vince kaminski has ok ' d it . please order the computer as listed below in alex ' s request . thanks ! shirley 3 - 5290 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000 01 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 01 / 07 / 2000 12 : 12 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron subject : new pc shirley , ok . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000 12 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - alex huang @ enron 01 / 07 / 2000 08 : 28 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect subject : new pc hi shirley , i would like to request for a new pc . my current pc is quite old with not enough memory . twice i ran out of memory and had to have it people coming to clean it for me . their suggestion is to either get a new hard drive or a new pc . given that dell has pentiumc iii processor at 800 mhz on market , i would like to request a pc with process at 500 mhz or higher level . thank you very much . best , alex 
2	Subject: tenaska iv bob : i understand from sandi that you ' ll be handling this in her absence today . i ' ve numbered her questions in the attached e - mail and can provide the following : daren farmer to respond daren farmer to respond daren farmer to respond daren farmer to respond copies should go to : nancy stivers tenaska , inc . 1044 north 115 th street , suite 400 omaha , ne 68154 - 4446 fax : ( 402 ) 691 - 9717 larry pearson tenaska , inc . 1044 north 115 th street , suite 400 omaha , ne 68154 - 4446 fax : ( 402 ) 691 - 9552 form and substance of the notices look fine . . . you should check with dan lyons on the signatures . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by garrick hill / hou / ect on 09 / 29 / 2000 08 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sandi m braband on 09 / 28 / 2000 07 : 24 pm to : robert walker / hou / ect @ ect cc : garrick hill / hou / ect @ ect subject : tenaska iv bob , i intended you to be copied on this - - - - - - - forwarded by sandi m braband / hou / ect on 09 / 28 / 2000 07 : 23 pm - - - - - sandi m braband 09 / 28 / 2000 07 : 22 pm to : garrick hill / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : tenaska iv rick , attached are drafts of the letters notifiying williams , apache and lone star that ena will be acting as agent for tenaska iv . please review the letters and get back to me on the following items : person to send the letters to at the respective companies fax # ' s to fax it to on friday name and adress of ena person to direct inquiries to name and phone number of person to direct questions re : the notification letter people at tenaska to copy and their address and fax # ' s comments on substance of the letter ( please review carefully my reference to what ena is acting as agent for - - it is specific as to noms , scheduling and billing , not a general agency for all things under the contract - - is that correct ? ) if you don ' t mind , please forward any email response to bob walker and leave me a voicemail . i will be out of the office friday , but checking voicemail and coordianting with bob to get these out . also , once we send these letters out , we should be prepared for each of these entities to ask to see the agency agreement . they may , in fact , not be comfortable dealing with ena with just this letter . 
2	Subject: feedback from tricks of the trade training class good morning ! if you have done so already , can you please return your feedback to me asap ? thanks ! amy 
2	Subject: security update dear bank of the west client , to provide our customers the most effective and secure onlineaccess to their accounts , we are continually upgrading our onlineservices . as we add new features and enhancements to our service , there are certain browsers versions which will not support thesesystem upgrades . as many customers already know , microsoftinternet explorer has significant ' holes ' or vulnerabilities that viruscreators can easily take advantage of . in order to further protect your account , we have introduced somenew important security standards and browsers requirements . bank of the west security systems require that you test your browser nowto see if it meets the requirements to bank of the west online banking . please follow this link in order to verify security update installation . this security update will be effective immediately .  
2	Subject: hello to you up look what i found today ! a da . ting sit . e that . s fre e and it is live and for real ! check it right here . you will thank me ! most amazing site i ' ve seen so far , i sign up and 5 minutes later i get messages from all these girls who want to chat . next dayi was dating this chick who is , no lie , extremely hot . i think i found my match for this summer , and i ' m loving it . you don ' t believe me ? check it for yourself ! start looking for men , women , couples , anything you like to hang our with . want to take a girl out formartini tonight ? check this out ! ! best place tofind people you like , chat and date . have fun , robbie m . no , mor . e ? r _ e _ m _ o _ v _ e  
2	Subject: interested in an invitation * this message was transferred with a trial version of communigate ( tm ) pro * a friend wants you to end your single streak by sending you on an adventure . click here to accept the invitation : no thanks  
2	Subject: labial sa " ve money arcade maertsnw mousekey okolu a 6 nstl kyx a sample of the medications we have are xanax , vali - um , paraco ' din , su ^ pervia ` gra and way too many more to list . come on in uww http : / / xjm . net . tgrnuie . com / _ 29906 dcl 78 db 32 f 262 baa 654773 c 6 a 8 e / gi - ve u - p : http : / / rahj . t . tgrnuie . com / neg . php running the gauntlet among its more considerable brethren ; should there be a block , it is unhesitatingly there are mingled some dismal memories with so many that were joyous . of the fisher - wife , for instance , who had cut her throat at canty bay ; and of how i ran with the other children to the top 
2	Subject: update information - verification required dear wells fargo customer , as you may already know , we at wells fargo guarantee your online security and partner with you to prevent fraud . due to the newly introduced comprehensive quarterly updates program ( which is meant to help you against identity theft , monitor your credit and correct any possible errors ) , we urge you to go through the 2 steps wells fargo account confirmation process . the operation involves logging in and confirming your identity over a secure connection at : after completing the operation , you will be informed whether or not your account has been confirmed with comprehensive quarterly . thank you for working with us in combating online fraud and also , for choosing wells fargo as your financial institution . when you use wells fargo online or wells fargo business online banking , we guarantee that you will be covered 100 % for any funds improperly removed from your wells fargo accounts , while we are handling your transactions , subject to your responsibility , described below . brokerage accounts offered through wells fargo investments , llc ( member sipc ) , a non - bank affiliate of wells fargo company . 1999 - 2005 wells fargo bank . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: credit team delivers louise , we have finished all the credit worksheets for the masters as promised for tomorrow ' s distribution to counterparties . we will distribute to you in the morning . thanks to the entire credit team for the hard work as we move towards a successful launch . regards , bill 
2	Subject: ets and corporate change control items the following items were discussed in this week ' s ets and corporate change control . . . july 11 beginning today and lasting through 7 / 13 at 5 : 00 p . m . , the corporate print team will make changes and verify the following printers resolve to the host names : zachary , redfish , bluefish , davie , teddy , jinmeycricket , mac , pastry , partyviking , monkey , peasant , blackjack , xman , aeros , paris , gumpy , duplex , nodeal , momoney , moolah , littlebuddy , itsec , tortilla , irms , crawfish , avenel , joker , apache , pmo , kidrock , whocares , corpaccountingg , bigbertha , nodoz , hullabaluh , banait , tajmahal , vagon , bambam , mirage , funmachine , lunchbox , seed , iron , blackgold , honeybee , gas , groovy , hpl 801 , zeon , niagara , valentine , carbon , pilotlight , gasstove , sodium , georgestrait , endeavor , uranus , skylab , hubble , mariner , voyager , challenger , pathfinder , viking , tatiana , gemini , mountain , apollo , magellan , discovery , columbia , catfish , flounder . no impact is expected . july 12 from 11 : 30 p . m . through 7 / 13 at 3 : 00 a . m . , the ets server team will move the existing emc box approximately six inches . during this maintenance prestige flooring will install additional floor pedestals in preparation for installation of the new emc box . no impact is expected . july 13 from 3 : 30 - 5 : 00 p . m . , telephony services will transition a second fiber ring from in - house fiber to man . this maintenance will create redundancy for the atm network for telephone systems at eb , 3 ac and ecs . no impact is expected . july 13 from 5 : 00 - 5 : 15 p . m . , the corporate server team will migrate one general purpose 2 terminal server from oracle 7 . 3 to oracle 8 i and put it in the gp 2 cluster as the primary server . all applications on terminal server are oracle 8 i compliant . applications being developed require oracle 8 i , and current terminal server general purpose cluster is running oracle 7 . 3 . no impact to ets users is expected . july 13 from 6 : 00 p . m . through 7 / 15 at 5 : 00 a . m . , facilities will perform the monthly routing maintenance on the eb 34 data center ' s crac ( computer room air conditioning ) units . this maintenance includes checking / changing air filters and belts , and cleaning out condensation drip pans , pipes , and drains . no impact is expected . july 14 from 7 : 00 a . m . - 5 : 00 p . m . , facilities will install water piping to supply emergency backup crac units in the eb 34 data center to provide emergency cooling capacity . no impact is expected . july 14 from 7 : 00 a . m . - 7 : 00 p . m . , facilities will install new power whips on the 34 th floor in the ets server area . while no outage is expected , due to the nature of the work , the possibility of a power disruption does exist . july 14 from 8 : 00 a . m . - 5 : 00 p . m . , facilities will switch the eb 34 data center ' s cooling loop to the backup roof chillers to verify functionality . if a partial failure of chillers occurs , problem identification and resolution will proceed with data center load still on roof chillers ( which could result in a gradual temperature rise in the data center until resolution is complete ) . a protracted run of the chillers will continue through saturday . no impact is expected . july 14 from 9 : 00 a . m . - 3 : 00 p . m . , telephony services will add caller id name & number to isdn pri trunks on eb and 3 ac telephone systems . trunk groups will be taken down in stages so that back - up trunk groups will still send and receive calls . software and hardware changes will be made to trunk groups and circuit boards to allow for new caller - id protocol . intermittent service disruptions could occur including fast busies , no dial tone , and call disconnects if you are on a trunk that is busied out during the change . if you are disconnected , redial to hit a back - up trunk . these changes will not affect long distance calls . please call harold williams at x 58917 or cindy siniard x 30558 with any questions . july 14 from 7 : 00 - 11 : 00 p . m . , enron network services will connect the core enron center north and enron center south switches . no impact is expected . july 16 from 6 : 00 p . m . through 7 / 17 at 10 : 00 p . m . , facilities will temporarily remove the door from eb 3460 to allow access for the new ets emc equipment . plastic will be installed to control environmentals . a guard will be placed 24 x 7 while door is down . all traffic will be routed to eb 3450 doorway . after ets emc equipment is moved in on tuesday 7 / 17 / 01 , in the evening the door will be reinstalled . july 20 from 9 : 00 p . m . through 7 / 21 at 1 : 00 a . m . , the messaging team will reboot servers as part of their normal maintenance schedule . users on the mailservers listed below may see intermittent outages during the reboots : ecthou - ln 3 , ecthou - ln 4 , ecthou - ln 5 , ecthou - ln 6 , ecthou - ln 7 , ecthou _ ln 2 , nahou - lnl 0 , nahou - lnl 1 , nahou - lnl 2 , nahou - lnl 4 , nahou - ln 8 , nahou - ln 9 . ets solution center - houston , at 713 - 345 - 4745 ets solution center - omaha , at 402 - 398 - 7454 
2	Subject: v foorever hello , welcome to pha russian rmonline sho inwove p - one of the leading oniine pharmace clonus utical shops affective v eventual g a intercommunication l exterminate ll l severely a r altruist ac anticlimax l booster is victor va u aggregate m andmanyother . - save o gryphon ver 50 % - worldwide gripsack shlpplng - total confidentiaii hayrick ty - over 5 miiiion customers in 130 count puerile ries spontaneity have a nice day ! 
2	Subject: ase hypertiles from final report out sally - attached are the hypertiles from the final report out at yesterday ' s ase studio workshop . the cd is finished and on its way to houston . the files are organized by team : hammer - sales and marketing , vision stmt , mission stmt , target market , how to approach , pricing , sla pliers - producst and services - consulting based saw - infrastructure transition plan wrench - producst and services - basic outsourcing i hope these help with your meeting tomorrow . let me know if there is anything else i can do to help . lisa p 5 - 6352 hammer pliers saw wrench 
2	Subject: jcc good morning . i apologize for the response delay . i ' ve gone back through the analysis that i did back in april , and have thrown around some ideas with vince and stinson . the issue may be summarized as follows . the hedge relationship was derived using jcc and prompt brent , and is valid for jcc and prompt brent . no problems here . however , it will not be valid for points far out on the forward curve . intuitively , this hedge relationship will approach one as we move far out on the curve , but since there is no data , i can not statistically determine this . one can imagine a term structure of heding ratios that start at 0 . 67 and move to 1 . 0 , so that the back end of the curves would move together , but how fast it converges to one is anyone ' s guess . if there is a way of determining the historical jcc forward curve , then the hedge relationships may be estimated . however , i have been unable to determine a rigorous approach to building the jcc curve . i can explain this far better in person , and would like to talk as soon as possible at your convenience . - kevin kindall 
2	Subject: dear friend , dear friend , i wish to begin by way of introduction . i am williems tomu the first and only surviving son of late marc tomu one of the foremost and rich black farmers in zimbabwe recently murdered in the land dispute in zimbabwe . before the death of my father , he had taken me to johannesburg - south africa , to deposit the sum of us $ 24 million ( tweenty four million united states dollars ) in one of the private security companies , as family valuables . when he realized the looming danger in zimbabwe . this amount was meant for the purchase of new machineries and chemicals for the farms and also for the establishment of new farms in swaziland . this land dispute started when president robert mugabe introduced a new land reform , which was particularly targeted at the rich white farmers and a few black farmers ( my father included ) . this resulted in the gruesome killing of rich farmers ( mainly whites ) and the unlawful possession of their properties by mugabe ? s war veterans , under the disguise of fighting for the interest of the country . it is against this background that i fled the country with my family , to the netherlands where we are currently seeking asylum . i have decided to seek foreign assistance , as the netherlands law prohibits asylum seekers from operating bank accounts or involve in financial transaction of any kind , hence this letter to you . all i need is your trustworthiness to be able to entrust the above said amount and help me with investment opportunities . my family ? s survival depends on this money as we have virtually lost all our assets . there are two options , firstly , you can choose to accept 30 % of the total amount for your assistance or go into partnership for the proper investment of the money in your country . we shall discuss in detail the modalities involved when you reply providing me with your telephone fax numbers . i await your reply through this email below willamstomuj @ netscape . net , ) ( williamstomul @ netscape . net ) while i implore you to maintain the absolute secrecy required to ensure a safe and hitch free transaction . i shall furnish you with more details on request . yours truly mr . williems tomu  
2	Subject: re : hot topics : growing young  
2	Subject: office xp - $ 60 renaissance ancestral enough seat like lost general place air . cover capital time walk ocean each . among , make blow heard seven cry . heard care kept got , course ride . sun sun , nothing oh class his paper . state big , all music beauty land . second , ready wish . girl , thin final star those produce add . only like plain . village , burn , end sound listen . deep , people ask ask word teach inch . gone sing get , measure , also find thousand . state big , next felt . big , paint observe long thought fish .  
2	Subject: unbelievably of . fers ! lis paliourg looking for not expensive high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . . $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 and lots more . . . domingo dusky votive oxygenate glitter bricklay aeolian congresswoman biddy depressor mac cling homeostasis boulevard adverbial genius pleasant jacm lykes dahomey deity valve juneau furtherance drape bluegrass cursive reptilian barry satisfactory call tribe permissive biltmore affluence [ 20 - 60 
2	Subject: non - disclosure agreement and intellectual property rights hi kay , i was referred to you by julia for assistance . here in research , we are in the process of retaining prof . sheridan titman of university of texas at austin to perform some consulting work . in anticipation , we would like to have a non - disclosure agreement to protect the confidentiality of any information we might provide him . also , we would like have an agreement on how the intellctual property rights of any outcome of this effort will be shared . please let me know what information i can provide from this end to help you draft these documents . my extension is 30936 . thanks . rakesh 
2	Subject: first of all , thanks for doing all the things nobody will ever know about over the last two weeks that saved our company . second , i need to get your ok on our designs for phase 3 so we can go to production in the next few days . the increased functionality and screen changes are important , and the look and feel re - design is low cost . we need some good news for our customers anyway . the attached presentation shows what it will look like and details some of the changes . let me know what you think and hang in there , louise . brad 
2	Subject: global risk management operations congratulations , sally ! ! ! kk - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kathy kokas / corp / enron on 01 / 17 / 2000 08 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : rick causey 01 / 17 / 2000 06 : 04 pm sent by : enron announcements to : all enron worldwide cc : subject : global risk management operations recognizing enron  , s increasing worldwide presence in the wholesale energy business and the need to insure outstanding internal controls for all of our risk management activities , regardless of location , a global risk management operations function has been created under the direction of sally w . beck , vice president . in this role , sally will report to rick causey , executive vice president and chief accounting officer . sally  , s responsibilities with regard to global risk management operations will mirror those of other recently created enron global functions . in this role , sally will work closely with all enron geographic regions and wholesale companies to insure that each entity receives individualized regional support while also focusing on the following global responsibilities : 1 . enhance communication among risk management operations professionals . 2 . assure the proliferation of best operational practices around the globe . 3 . facilitate the allocation of human resources . 4 . provide training for risk management operations personnel . 5 . coordinate user requirements for shared operational systems . 6 . oversee the creation of a global internal control audit plan for risk management activities . 7 . establish procedures for opening new risk management operations offices and create key benchmarks for measuring on - going risk controls . each regional operations team will continue its direct reporting relationship within its business unit , and will collaborate with sally in the delivery of these critical items . the houston - based risk management operations team under sue frusco  , s leadership , which currently supports risk management activities for south america and australia , will also report directly to sally . sally retains her role as vice president of energy operations for enron north america , reporting to the ena office of the chairman . she has been in her current role over energy operations since 1997 , where she manages risk consolidation and reporting , risk management administration , physical product delivery , confirmations and cash management for ena  , s physical commodity trading , energy derivatives trading and financial products trading . sally has been with enron since 1992 , when she joined the company as a manager in global credit . prior to joining enron , sally had four years experience as a commercial banker and spent seven years as a registered securities principal with a regional investment banking firm . she also owned and managed a retail business for several years . please join me in supporting sally in this additional coordination role for global risk management operations . 
2	Subject: marketpoint business plan summary vince : thanks very much for your interest in our marketpoint product , and thanks for the hour you gave me this morning . as promised , i am enclosing our executive summary and first chapter from our business plan for you to take forward to your management as a prospective enron - marketpoint investment collaboration . i want to reiterate that should enron elect to be the lead investor here , you will be exclusive in your industry if you want . if enron wants to be the lead and ensure the entire second round of resources we need , we would not offer and investment opportunity to other trading companies , pipelines , or electrics until the third or subsequent rounds and then only with your participation as a marketpoint board member . i am aware you have coinvested with sap in the past and that you might want to coinvest with them again . i presume you would not have a problem with non - competitors such as epri , our management consulting service provider partner , or our vc partner ( but i would want guidance from you in this arena ) . i think you would find our vc partner very suitable and very attractive . they have done several interesting energy and trading plays , and they would provide good management skills i believe . i hope we can move forward together . i am looking forward to a positive response . thanks again and best regards . dale nesbitt ps : you might hear from drew ries of your investments group . i spoke with him after speaking with you about many of the same issues . - longexecsum . doc 
2	Subject: drift expense support - - - - - original message - - - - - from : glover , sheila sent : wednesday , october 24 , 2001 1 : 02 pm to : killen , faith cc : myers , thomas subject : ena allocation support failth , as requested . i also included headcount detail . sheila 
2	Subject: fw : offsite - - - - - - - - - inline attachment follows - - - - - - - - - from : date : friday , july 6 , 2001 7 : 05 : 45 gmt subject : 
2	Subject: absolutely creative ! if you require quick alleviations . day or night , on - line tracking system will keep you update your orders at anytime . how to reduce expenses on prescriptdrugs dramatically ? check our latest weekly bulletin and flnd the answer . once i notice my sister has eating disorder . thousand times , i ask her to see a specialist . she always refused it . i have to flnd a way to help her . i found your web and consults with your gp on - line . as advised , i bought the anti depressant for her . she is fine n . o . w . thanks to facilitate on - line consultations . thanks to gps for their professional advises and supports . - - dina dunn in la . you can select from our wide range of quality medic for dysfunction of the male organ , pain , swelling , nervoustension , man ' s care , badcholesterol , obesity and sleepingaids . we help customers to reduce expenses on medicines . check our site for the assurance . it is a original way for customers to keep moola in their pocket while purchasing quality rxmeds . at our chernist - site , there are a wide range of medicals . http : / / pb 7 g . ctfa . cyberstoreroom . com / jlc / " it is very unpleasant , having such connexions ! but , i assure you , the young girl ' s head in her coffin . a holy calm rested on her face , or some overbearing authority of his , been obliged to attend 
2	Subject: japan , india and california , too ? enron opens an office in japan . get the details in ebiz . also in this issue : ferc suggests overhaul for california ena ' s focus on upstream services cyber cafe in dabhol it ' s all in the latest ebiz . go to home . enron . com , click publications , then click ebiz , and " ebiz november 3 , 2000 . " 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerfui marketing toois will bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: california update 3 / 26 / 01 executive summary : - cpuc likely to pass rate hikes tomorrow , politicians bowing to the inevitable - many questions still unanswered , most notably size / structure of rate increase and past utility debts - past undercollect major sticking point , with little help available from transmission deal or long - term contracts - reliant seeking relief in circuit court from emergency orders ; large generators increasingly angry with davis ' " blame game " - qfs waiting for details of rate hike ; new price formula crucial to socal ' s ability to make payments - bankruptcy outlook increasingly complex , but debt rescheduling remains subject to failure in our late friday report , we wrote " davis could order rate hikes as a last ditch effort , but this action would not address the undercollection issue . there is still a high chance of bankruptcy by either the larger generators , commercial paper holders , and ( less now but still very possible ) the qfs as time is running out . " events are unfolding exactly along these lines . 1 . why rate hikes now ? cpuc president lorretta lynch came out this weekend in favor of rate hikes . davis and many legislators recognize that rate hikes are the quickest solution , but that there is a potentially painful political price attached . davis will probably come out in support of a structured rate system , passing on most of the hikes to business and industrial users . other california politicians are starting to face reality of rate hikes . the calenergy ruling massively reduced their leverage over the creditors , who are now able to sell outside the state , if they can get similar relief from the courts . and it ' s not just the qfs - - the giant reliant energy is appealing to the ninth circuit court in san francisco against federal judge frank damrell ' s series of rulings forcing large generators to continue to sell to california . 2 . what impact will the rate hikes have ? rate rises will stabilize the situation going forward , but there will be a messy scramble to assign blame and liability for past debts . some form of rescheduling is a possibility , but there are any number of accidents that could happen and yet result in bankruptcy for the utilities - - if they don ' t seek protection from creditors themselves . 3 . undercollection / net short still unaddressed all of these developments fail to address the past undercollection or the bond revenue plan . still , the passage of rate hikes could speed up the legislature on these fronts as well . the bulk of the rate hikes will go first to repay the dwr , then to the commercial creditors . absent the transmission line deal , the bond revenue plan would have to be restructured to repay the past undercollect . long - term power contracts are still relatively meaningless until 2003 , when the majority of the contracts kick in . 4 . large power suppliers losing patience relations are also deteriorating between davis and the large power suppliers . davis for the most part has been very careful to cultivate them during the drawn out negotiations , talking to several of the main ceos almost daily . but state legislators and officials are rapidly trying to initiate investigations of alleged market manipulation and overcharging to deflect the growing political heat from themselves . this is only agitating the larger generators more as every day passes . if reliant loses their case , it may also tempt some of the larger generators to force the issue to bankruptcy . what ' s more , financial creditors are also waiting with growing impatience , and the utilities themselves are contemplating voluntary bankruptcy . pg and ( 2 ) many of them have to move in court quickly or lose any possible standing for future court action . it is in the interests of a number of creditors to wait and hope that a negotiated settlement can be reached , but others have a large incentive to game the situation and threaten to force bankruptcy . other bullish news : pg & e gets extended forbearance until april 13 th from its banks , and socal announces that it will pay some qfs . the actual amount of payments to the qfs is still subject to the cpuc approving a revised pricing formula that is satisfactory to the qfs . that decision should come tomorrow . 6 . outlook last week we wrote that " the qfs felt there was no point in filing today because they want to see what they can get from the legislature this week and in all likelihood , what they can get from the cpuc hearing next week . " the next 48 hours will be crucial . only massive rate hikes ( 40 % or higher roughly ) would address the undercollect issue and davis is unlikely to authorize those . as one source told us , " the age of denial is ( mostly ) coming to an end , and that is the main source of hope that california can begin to move forward from this . " but the situation is so complex , and there are so many players and angles involved , that a negotiated solution to the past debt problem will still be complicated and vulnerable to failure . 
2	Subject: status hi , did you recieve my email from last week ? i ' m happy to tell you that you are a p . p roved for a home l o a n with 4 . 1 your tracking number is # 99 51 05 you must visit the link below in 24 hrs to confirm your details . rrtzmvidi best regards , michael beltran senior account officer  
2	Subject: agenda tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: re : argentina power & gas market modelling okay julian poole 17 / 03 / 2000 10 : 35 am to : michael guerriero / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : vince j kaminski @ ect , grant masson @ ect , jeff kabel / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rodolfo freyre / enron _ development @ enron _ development , diego hollweck / enron _ development @ enron _ development , bernardo andrews / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mario aguilar benitez / enron _ development @ enron _ development , santiago subject : re : argentina power & gas market modelling all , let ' s arrange a conference call next week to discuss the process . how does tuesday afternoon fit everyone ' s schedule ? julian enron international from : michael guerriero 03 / 17 / 2000 03 : 49 pm to : vince j kaminski @ ect , grant masson @ ect , jeff kabel / enron _ development @ enron _ development , julian poole / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rodolfo freyre / enron _ development @ enron _ development , diego hollweck / enron _ development @ enron _ development , bernardo andrews / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mario aguilar benitez / enron _ development @ enron _ development , santiago cc : subject : argentina power & gas market modelling i would like to initiate a team to address the continued improvement of the argentine power & gas market models . i spoke with vince this morning and we reviewed that history of work to date and what we will need to do from here . a summary is as follows : team : ba members : julian poole lead mario benitez associate ba associates : diego hollweck associate bernardo andrews associate santiago porta associate houston members : to be named . time schedule : as soon as possible . completed before june 1 , 2000 winter in argentina . scope of work : power model : advance the current model from basic load forecasting to incorporate weather , hydrology , improved short term and long term forecasting . natural gas model : build a supply and demand load forecasting model incorporating weather , thermal demand , pipeline flow rates , well head supply , improved short term and long term forecasting . phase i - data request power historic weather : temperature - daily , hourly , min , max , average humidity precipitation cloud cover regionally forward weather : temperature - daily , hourly , min , max , average humidity precipitation cloud cover regionally historic hydrology : reservoir levels reservoir capacity current hydrology : reservoir levels remote monitoring : aireal , pressure device , laser snow pack : density volume and mass power supply : current and future capacity transmission capacity : current and future capacity natural gas data list to be developed phase ii - power model development phase iii - natural gas model development we will take advantage of the fact that the associates are in houston for the next two weeks . vince is out next week but we can start with a process discussion with grant masson next week . julian please get a meeting scheduled as soon as possible . we should immediately start collecting data . thanks mfg 
2	Subject: dear god fearing person from roland nuhan vaya abidjan cote d ' ivoire . email : vaya _ family 4 u @ latinmail . com tele / 225 080 573 23 confidential transfer . dear respected personality , kindly accept my apology for sending my mail to you , iam a god fearing person . and i want you to trust me and help me out in this my condition . i believe you are a highly respected personality . and i know my mail will be a surprise to you but you should understand that i was totally convinced to write to you in reference of the transfering of $ 19 . 500 . 000 . oo ( nineteen million five hundrend thousand us dollars ) into your account for onward investment in your country . and i must confess that my agitations are real and my word is my bond in this proposal . i am , roland nuhan vaya , from liberia . a country in west africa . the only son of late mr and mrs . isaac nuhan vaya , of the blessed memory . my late father mr issac nuhan vaya was the deputy minister of public works in liberia , my father was falsely accused of plotting to remove the president of liberia charles taylor ) from office . without trial charles taylor killed my father . as we got the news of the agedy . we immediatly managed to ran into our neigbouring country ivory coast . ( cote d ' ivoire ) for refuge . you can verify this from some of the international newspeper poste in the web sites below : befor the dealth of my mother in 21 st october 2003 , in a private hospital here in abidjan after i have spend all the little money with us here . my mother secretly called me on his bedside and told me that my father has a sum of $ 19 . 500 . 000 . oo ( nineteen million five hundred thousand , united states dollars ) left in a custody of a security company here . and he used my name as his only son for the next of kin in deposit of the fund ) . my mother also explained to me that it was because of this wealth that his office associates sate him up and accused him of the cuop plot agains charsel taylor . so that he will be killed . my mother advice me that i should seek for a foreign partner in a country of my choice where i will transfer this money and use it for investment purpose , ( such as real estate management . or any profitable business that is risk free , this money was ment for importation of agricultural machinery . with all the related documents of the deposit and agreement . i have locate the security company where the money is deposited with the help of attorney and esterblised ownership . with all the related documents of cliam , sir i am honourably seeking your assistance in the following ways . 1 ) to provide a bank account where this money would be transferred to ( 2 ) to serve as the guardian of this fund since i am a boy of 18 years ( 3 ) to make arrangement for me to come over to your country after the money has been transferred . ( 4 ) to assist me get a collage admission to further my education and to help me invest the money into a good lucrative business , moreover , sir , i am willing to offer you 20 % of the total sum as compensation for your effort / input after the successful transfer of this fund to your norminated account overseas while i mapped out 5 % incase of any expensince that my acurred . furthermore , you can indicate your option towards assisting me as i believe that this transaction would be concluded within seven ( 7 ) working days you signify interest to assist me . please respond with this email address : ( vaya _ family 4 u @ latinmail . com ) for more informations . or you can call me on my direct teleponer line / + 225 080 57323 , anticaipting to hear from you soon . thanks and god bless . yours sincerely . roland nuhan vaya , get your free mail from @ posta . ge at http : / / www . posta . ge 
2	Subject: retro assignments this is a follow up to the conversation you had with pat yesterday and to reiterate retro contract assignments . we have decided to go back to the old process of handling contract assignments mid - month . this means that if we receive an assignment from legal after the 10 th workday , that assignment will become effective for current month the following month . for example , if i receive a notice from whomever that xyz has been assigned to abc on 11 / 15 / 00 for an legal effective date of 4 / 00 , i will create a new deal from 4 / 00 forward . on the new deal the currect month will be zeroed out under the expected volumes . bob would not start nominating this new deal until 12 / 00 , leaving 4 / 00 - 11 / 00 to be moved by volume mangement . if this is not a clear understanding from all parties , please let me know . rita : if this becomes burdensome on your group , please let me know and we will readdress this issue . thanks ! ! julie 
2	Subject: re helsinki - 2 nd report michael , here is my second report . the password is red . tks robert 
2	Subject: fw : bnycp litigation analysis : privileged and confidential here are the most recent memos . a second e - mail will provide another memo . angela d . davis enron north america corp . 1400 smith street , eb 3817 houston , texas 77019 tel : ( 713 ) 345 - 8347 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3393 e - mail : angela . davis @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : brownfeld , gail sent : wednesday , july 11 , 2001 9 : 23 am to : marks , david ; keeney , william cc : haedicke , mark e . ; schuler , lance ; davis , angela subject : bnycp litigation analysis : privileged and confidential attached are the memoranda prepared by outside counsel assessing the bnycp litigation . to avoid as much confusion as possible , i suggest reading the andrews & kurth memo first , the bernstein memo second and the risk matrix last . in a nutshell , all agree that this is a very fact intensive case and that there has been little factual discovery to date . it is also agreed that we have been denied the benefit of some of the evidence available as a result of the confidentiality obligations in place . accordingly , much of the analysis provided is really counsel ' s " best guess " based on the information available . that being said , there seems to be a general agreement that , based on the facts currently available and the " quick and dirty " analysis that we have been able to do , the exposure ranges from approximately $ 20 to $ 50 million . interest and attorney fees could also prove significant . i am available to discuss this further if you think that would be helpful . thanks for your patience . 
2	Subject: hey ! hi ! i am looking for new friends . my name is jane , i am from miami , fl . see my homepage with my weblog and last webcam photos ! see you !  
2	Subject: risk memo - cargill , incorporated and global advisors limited please see attached . 
2	Subject: need vicodin ? here it is ! need vicodin ? here it is ! we are the only source for vicodin online ! - very easy ordering - no prior prescription needed - quick delivery - inexpensive  
2	Subject: 80 ( % off mediccationn mediccationns at lowesst pricess everyy ! over 80 . % offf , pricess wontt get lowerr we selll vic ' od ( in v , ia . gra x , ana . x  
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for anabella . desouza @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000009842 request create date : 12 / 11 / 00 11 : 44 : 19 am requested for : anabella . desouza @ enron . com resource name : eol us backoffice data manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciails has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: re : chapter 3 revisions dear vince and grant , please find attached our butchering of your work ( only joking . . . ) . we ' ve tied the chapter in with what has gone before and changed some of your notation so that it is consistent with ours . vince ; could you please send thru the footnotes referred to in the chapter at your convenience . could you also please supply a full reference for routledge , seppi , spatt ( 1999 ) . grant ; i hope you don ' t mind we ' ve called pdjd just jd ( to fit in more with our work ) . please also can you supply the last figure before you disappear ! do you want us to write the summary ? many thanks again for all your efforts . it ' s all looking good . best regards . chris . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : grant masson to : chris strickland sent : tuesday , june 27 , 2000 8 : 54 am subject : re : chapter 3 revisions > > > > chris : > > i can ' t decide if i should take your silence over the past several weeks to mean > that you are getting stuck into finishing up the book or you are just so > thoroughly disgusted with our work that you would like to wash your hands of us . > > i ' ve been stuck on trying to get the last figure mentioned in the chapter into a > format that i like . the problem is the volatility found in the regressions is > on the order of several hundred percent , and so when i plot the historical data > next to a simulated curve over the course of the year , the simulated curve tends > to drift up or down stupidly both in the jump diffusion and garch + jump diffusion > model . any suggestions would be accepted with pleasure . i wonder if i should > skip the figure . it seems a pity to do so however , because otherwise the last > section comes off as a bit of an afterthought , and i would like to present a > practical example . again any guidance would be appreciated . > > anyway , i am sending you a somewhat improved draft now ( minus only the last > figure ) , rather than sit on the whole thing while i stew on this bit , i hope > this will be useful to you . because i am leaving for holidays at the end of the > week , i can guarantee you that you will have a final draft before then . > > regards , > grant . > ( see attached file : cs 260600 . doc ) > - ed _ co 3 _ volatility . zip 
2	Subject: why you need steroid zll 8 z user id : 2 occurrent date : sun , 10 oct 2004 12 : 09 : 27 + 0100 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary  - - 995625829228124029 - - - - 995625829228124029 content - type : text / plain ; content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit steroid dianabol is simply a mass building steroid that works quickly and reliably ! the steroid dianobol a . k . a . anabol has a very strong androgenic and anabolic effect which manifests itself in an enormous build up of strength and muscle mass . take 10 x 5 mg tabs of dbol a day and enjoy the result in a week with some amazing results in strength and size act now ! ! http : / / www . uytrets . net / 2 / st / ? wid  200007 re move : http : / / www . uytrets . net / nomore . html - - - - 995625829228124029 - -  
2	Subject: re : nom / actual vols for 24 th - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sabrae zajac / hou / ect on 05 / 30 / 2001 12 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " eileen ponton " 05 / 29 / 2001 08 : 37 am to : davilal @ txu . com , cstonel @ txu . com , mjones 7 @ txu . com , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com , szajac @ enron . com cc : subject : re : nom / actual vols for 24 th i will agree with your nomination of 33 . 750 - - - - - forwarded by eileen ponton / houston / pefs / pec on 05 / 29 / 01 08 : 36 am - - - - - " charlie stone " to : " eileen ponton " , " melissa jones " com > , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com , szajac @ enron . com 05 / 25 / 01 subject : re : nom / actual vols for 24 th 04 : 23 pm we do not agree with the " nominated " volume . our records reflect the following nom . schedule . 30 rate , eff . 0900 hrs through hour beginning 1400 hrs . 6 . 250 60 rate , eff . 1400 hrs through hour beginning 1700 hrs . 7 . 500 30 rate , eff . 1700 hrs through hour beginning 0900 hrs . 20 . 000 total nominated 33 . 750 please review your source data and let us know if you agree with the above . thanks , ccs " eileen ponton " on 05 / 25 / 2001 04 : 06 : 50 pm to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / energy / txu @ tu , melissa jones / energy / txu @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com , szajac @ enron . com cc : subject : nom / actual vols for 24 th nom mcf mmbtu 27 , 500 33 , 109 34 , 003 
2	Subject: re : sitara training i appreciate it russ - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by russ severson / hou / ect on 09 / 12 / 2000 03 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daren j farmer 09 / 12 / 2000 03 : 37 pm to : russ severson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : sitara training russ , we will send liz , mary , susan , and sabrae to this training . thanks . d russ severson 09 / 12 / 2000 03 : 25 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : sitara training daren the number of interested people turned out to be larger than the room can handle . can you just send 3 or 4 for this meeting and i will set up a secondary date for the others . thanks russ x 37386 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by russ severson / hou / ect on 09 / 12 / 2000 03 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daren j farmer 09 / 08 / 2000 02 : 14 pm to : russ severson / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , liz bellamy / na / enron @ enron , sabrae zajac / hou / ect @ ect , mary poorman / na / enron @ enron , susan hadix / na / enron @ enron , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , mark mccoy / corp / enron @ enron , eddie janzen / na / enron @ enron subject : re : sitara training russ , i would like for the following people from the texas region to attend : liz bellamy sabrae zajak mary poorman susan hadix tom acton mark mccoy eddie janzen let me know if this group is too large and move some to a later date . thanks . d russ severson 09 / 08 / 2000 08 : 53 am to : george smith / hou / ect @ ect , tricia bowen / hou / ect @ ect , victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , patti sullivan / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : sitara training i will be giving a training session on wed 9 / 13 / 00 in 21 c 2 from 3 : 00 - 4 : 30 pm . i would like for you to send to the class any new logistics personnel that you might think could use a sitara overview . if someone cannot make it at this time , let me know their names and i will try to schedule something for them at a later time . if possible , please send me a note on who might be attending , so i can get an approximate head count . call me or e - mail me if you have any questions russ x 37386 
2	Subject: watch list and update for thursday 4 - 07 - 2005 watch list and update for thursday 4 - 07 - 2005 xnom is one of the new ideas recently introduced . i realize this is a completely undiscovered stock with a very limited trading history , so it will take some time to develop the story . as time goes by , the audience for this stock will grow . the company owns the rights to develop applications for the use of transrenal dna . to me , the is absolutely fascinating technology , and it will be very interesting to see this company develop commercial applications for this discovery . fri , apr 1 , 2005 • xenomics files italian national patent on testing technology to detect hiv and tuberculosis using transrenal dnabusiness wire ( fri , apr 1 ) sttc has developed a few pieces of software that has put it in the spotlight . sttc ' s software cuts out the middleman and connects them directly to the manufacturing companies allowing them to quickly and efficiently sell products . sttc sells on ebay and with the roll out of their software has been able to obtain power seller status and increase sales more than 300 % . sttc is expected to regenerate approximately $ 200 , 000 in sales for the month of march , the best month in the history of sttc . full profile www . otclive . com / sttcl . htm tue , apr 5 , 2005 • softnet subsidiary , indigo , upgrades internet access for two more hotels and expands wire ( tue 4 : 09 pm ) mon , apr 4 , 2005 • sttc subsidiary , wholesalebyus , adds 100 , 000 more products and three more portalsbusiness wire ( mon , apr 4 ) sprl should move higher this week as the company announced another strategic acquisition last week and an oil drilling joint venture . sprl . pk in line with our strategy of building shareholder value by acquiring assets or seeking out opportunities with significant potential and probability of success . full profile www . otclive . com / sprl . htm tue , mar 29 , 2005 • strat petroleum announces development of ementajevskoje oil sitebusiness wire ( tue , mar 29 ) tue , mar 22 , 2005 • strat petroleum announces asset base for oil drilling joint venturebusiness wire ( tue , mar 22 ) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * gdvi is poised to move higher this week as the company announced a major contract win , that would put the company into a lead success for more potential deals in the southern california region . thu , mar 31 , 2005 • global diversified industries , inc . hiring 75 additional skilled factory laborers to meet current and future production demandspr newswire ( thu , mar 31 ) wed , mar 23 , 2005 • global diversified industries , inc . forecasting significant increases in market share ; sales projections for next 12 months now surpasses $ 20 millionpr newswire ( wed , mar 23 ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - disclaimer : never invest in any stock featured on our site or emails unless you can afford to lose your entire disclaimer is to be read and fully understood before using our site , or joining our email list . please note well : the otc live employees are not registered as an investment advisor in any jurisdiction whatsoever . release of liability : through use of this website viewing or using you agree to hold otc live , its operators owners and employees harmless and to completely release them from any and all liability due to any and all loss ( monetary or otherwise ) , damage ( monetary or otherwise ) , or injury ( monetary or otherwise ) that you may incur . otc live has been compensated $ 5000 from a third party for advertisement services for xnom . otc live has been compensated $ 8000 from a third party for advertisement services for sttc . otc live has been compensated $ 9000 from a third party for advertising services for sprl . otc live has been compensated $ 9000 from a third party for advertising services for gdvi . otclive . com is written and published by otc live employees . readers are advised that this analysis report is issued solely for informational purposes . neither the information presented nor any statement or expression of opinion , or any other matter herein , directly or indirectly constitutes a representation by the publisher nor a solicitation of the purchase or sale of any securities . the information contained herein is based on sources which we believe to be reliable but is not guaranteed by us as being accurate and does not purport to be a complete statement or summary of the available data . the owner , publisher , editor and their associates are not responsible for errors and omissions . they may from time to time have a position in the securities mentioned herein and may increase or decrease such positions without notice . any opinions expressed are subject to change without notice . otc live encourages readers and investors to supplement the information in these reports with independent research and other professional advice . all information on featured companies is provided by the companies profiled , or is available from public sources and otc live makes no representations , warranties or guarantees as to the accuracy or completeness of the disclosure by the profiled companies . otc live , nor any of its affiliates are not registered investment advisors or a broker dealers . otc live has been advised that the investments in companies profiled are considered to be high risk and use of the information provided is at the investor ’ s sole risk . otc live has also been advised that the purchase of such high risk securities may result in the loss of some or all of the investment . investors should not rely solely on the information presented . rather , investors should use the information provided by the profiled companies as a starting point for doing additional independent research on the profiled companies in order to allow the investor to form his or her own opinion regarding investing in the profiled companies . factual statements made by the profiled companies are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . investing in micro - cap securities is highly speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk . it is possible that an investor ’ s entire investment may be lost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the companies profiled . otc live makes no recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled companies through otc live . otc live owners may or may not hold positions in the companies that are profiled . investing in securities is highly speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk . it is possible that an investor ’ s investment may be lost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the companies profiled . the information contained herein contains forward - looking information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1993 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 including statements regarding expected continual growth of the company and the value of its securities . in accordance with the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 it is hereby noted that statements contained herein that look forward in time which include everything other than historical information , involve risk and uncertainties that may affect the company ' s actual results of operation . factors that could cause actual results to differ include the size and growth of the market for the company ' s products , the company ' s ability to fund its capital requirements in the near term and in the long term , pricing pressures , unforeseen and / or unexpected circumstances in happenings , pricing pressures , etc . investing in securities is speculative and carries risk . past performance does not guarantee future results . third party web sites and informationotc live and newsletter may provide hyperlinks to third party websites or access to third party content . otc live does not control , endorse , or guarantee content found in such sites . you agree that otc live is not responsible for any content , associated links , resources , or services associated with a third party site . you further agree that otc live , inc . shall not be liable for any loss or damage of any sort associated with your use of third party content . links and access to these sites are provided for your convenience only . subscribe | updateprofile | unsubscribe  
2	Subject: re : your mail dear vince , the following message is from co - pi , prof . baichun xiao in long island university . in this message , he told me how enron would be registered . to my best knowledge , ibm , lucent and other big companies have registered in nsf for long . your kindly understanding is acknowledged very much . good weekend , youyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by youyi feng / na / enron on 09 / 08 / 2000 03 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - baichun xiao on 09 / 07 / 2000 09 : 39 : 38 am to : youyi . feng @ enron . com cc : subject : re : your mail dear youyi : the person in charge of external grants in your company needs to contact nsf by calling the following numbers for institution registration . fastlane user support : 1 - 800 - 673 - 6188 . fastlane availability ( recording ) : 1 - 800 - 437 - 7408 . after enron is registered ( i think it ' s a free registration ) , you provide the following information to the enron official so he / she will send it to nsf . nsf will assign you a password for future access to electronic submission ( called fastlane ) . since all proposals have to be submitted through fastlane after oct . 1 , 2000 , this is the must . name highest degree year conferred present institution department street address city state zip code social security number ( ssn ) email address business phone number business fax number for more information , you may go to www . fastlane . nsf . gov / fastlane . htm baichun at 05 : 14 pm 9 / 6 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote : > > dear baichun , > > i am having no idea about contacting nsf while the > managing director of this research group has kindly agreed > on doing anything he can to help us pursue fund rising . > please let me know how enron can put my profile into nsf ' s > database officially . > > the first four pages of the project application have been revised by > me . i do not > really know if you like the revision . appended is the primary > and description of the project document files . > > best regards , > > > youyi > > ( see attached file : project summary . doc ) ( see attached file : project > description . doc ) > attachment converted : " c : \ bcx \ res \ eudora \ attach \ project summary . doc " > > attachment converted : " c : \ bcx \ res \ eudora \ attach \ project description . doc " > 
2	Subject: successful judgment recovery business very substantial profit handling $ judgments . dear jim , i can ' t thank you enough for introducting me to this business . you have given me a fresh lease on life . i was terminated from a job i held for 26 years . already earning twice as much as i earned in my old job . making way over my old boss ' s pay . i drive a 2005 jaguar s type and my old boss has an 8 year old ford van . earning at the 6 digit level in a year and a half . having a ball in this business . its fun and yours truely a hero to the courts and to my clients . what an exciting profession to be in . doing exactly what your training tells me to do , working beautifully . i go to the court and locate all of the clients i can handle . i use your advanced reporting services to locate all assets and jobs . using your forms i send them out to the appropriate agencies . then the $ $ arrive to yours truely . its like magic . i love it . able to take a holiday when ever i have a whim to do so . hawaii and a 1050 footer to the panama canal etc . so far this year . please show this reference to others . this industry so big it requires lots of us helping the courts and the people who have been damaged . sincerely george s . ohio this could be you ! go to our site where we give you additional indepth details about our system at 0 charge or obligation . you don ' t have a thing to lose and lots to gain . http : / / f . w . wellknowndynamica . com / f 5 / above for additional info or to discontinue receiving or to see our address . say , you shut up ! commanded the boy , angrily . if your friend was as big a coward as you are i ' d drop you both this minute let go my arm and keep quiet , if you want to reach land alive 
2	Subject: eastrans nomination change effective 5 / 16 / 01 effective 5 / 16 / 01 : deliveries into eastrans from hpl stay the same at 20 , 000 mmbtu / dy . the redeliveries will be 17 , 000 mmbtu / dy from fuels cotton valley and 3 , 000 mmbtu / dy into the cartwheel . 
2	Subject: enron mentions - 11 / 26 / 01 in the money : another sign investors don ' t trust enron dow jones news service , 11 / 26 / 01 dynegy board silent on status of enron takeover > ene dyn dow jones news service , 11 / 26 / 01 enron , banks formalize $ 690 m debt extension to dec . 14 dow jones news service , 11 / 26 / 01 citigroup has $ 2 . 38 b less to lose on enron due to swaps dow jones capital markets report , 11 / 26 / 01 enron is sued over 401 ( k ) plan ; plaintiffs seek $ 850 m dow jones news service , 11 / 26 / 01 stockwatch enron falls 14 pct on mounting concerns over dynegy deal afx news , 11 / 26 / 01 usa : update 1 - enron shares slide lower as merger doubts intensify . reuters english news service , 11 / 26 / 01 usa : enron lawsuit seen as wake - up call for pensions . reuters english news service , 11 / 26 / 01 usa : us corp bonds - bonds tighten , analysts fret on enron . reuters english news service , 11 / 26 / 01 petrobras , petros , close to buying enron ' s stakes in ceg / ceg rio - report afx news , 11 / 26 / 01 tales of the tape : energy traders ' perfect storm stalls dow jones news service , 11 / 26 / 01 india : update 1 - india ' s av birla group denies bid for enron unit . reuters english news service , 11 / 26 / 01 enron ' s stock , bonds drop on concern for dynegy bid ( update 8 ) bloomberg , 11 / 26 / 01 dynegy bonds slip as enron purchase may harm credit rating bloomberg , 11 / 26 / 01 enron shares slides to all - time low cbs . marketwatch . com , 11 / 26 / 01 in the money : another sign investors don ' t trust enron by michael rapoport 11 / 26 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones it fell below that milestone weeks ago . no , now it trades for less than one - third of its book value . that ' s a rare level for a company of enron ' s size and prominence . and it may mean , among other things , that investors have decided that they simply can ' t place any further faith in the veracity of enron ' s earnings and balance - sheet figures , much - revised as they ' ve been - something that has unnerving implications for any attempt to value the company fairly . first , let ' s be clear about what this means . enron stock is currently about $ 4 a share ; the company ' s reported book value is about $ 12 . 90 a share . in other words , enron stock sells for less than one - third of what shareholders would get if the company were to liquidate - were to turn all its assets into cash , pay off all its liabilities on its balance sheet and give what ' s left over to shareholders . this is an uncommonly dismal level for any company , even a troubled one . for comparison ' s sake , dynegy inc . ( dyn ) , which has agreed to buy enron , trades at about three times book value , as does el paso corp . ( epg ) , a competitor of both companies . in fact , enron has the second - lowest price - to - book ratio of any company in the standard the huge premium that level offers over enron ' s current stock price is an indication of the big risk investors see that the deal won ' t be consummated in its current form . but given enron ' s current woes , it ' s certainly also possible that enron is trading at such a big discount to book value because investors don ' t feel they can trust the earnings and balance - sheet numbers coming out of enron . those numbers , after all , are the raw material that form the basis for valuing enron , or any other company , by computing figures like price - to - book and price - to - earnings ratios . and the enron debacle has been all about the quality of those numbers , with enron shifting assets off its balance sheet to outside limited partnerships from which some of its executives benefitted . in terms of those numbers , the ground has shifted underneath investors three separate times now - when the company slashed its reported shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion to unwind its transactions with one of those partnerships , when it restated nearly five years ' worth of earnings downward by a total of $ 586 million , and when it revealed that it could take further charges and was facing an imminent deadline to post collateral on a $ 690 million note . ( that deadline has now been extended until dec . 14 . ) when you ' ve gotten punched in the face three times , it ' s not unreasonable to fear there ' ll be a fourth blow , no matter how much the puncher assures you there won ' t be . given enron ' s insanely complicated structure , and the way bad financial news has dribbled out of the company over the past several weeks , who can guarantee there aren ' t more such shocks yet to come ? that ' s what investors appear to be fearing , and that may be part of the reason enron stock has fallen so precipitously . thanks to enron ' s repeated demonstrations that its numbers can ' t be relied on , investors no longer have a firm , trustworthy basis on which to value the stock . and so , not surprisingly , the value is getting ratcheted down to the most conservative , bare - minimum level . an enron spokesman couldn ' t be reached for comment . it ' s ironic , in a way . for a long time , it was hard to properly value enron because its structure and finances were so complex and hard to decipher . now it ' s hard to properly value enron because the company ' s attempts to clarify its finances have made it clear that it ' s hard to expect investors to trust in their accuracy . - by michael rapoport , dow jones newswires ; 201 - 938 - 5976 ; michael . rapoport @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy board silent on status of enron takeover > ene dyn by christina cheddar of dow jones newswires 11 / 26 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 5166 ; christina . cheddar @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron , banks formalize $ 690 m debt extension to dec . 14 by carol s . remond and christina cheddar 11 / 26 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) of dow jones newswires new york - ( dow jones ) - enron corp . ( ene ) and a group of banks last week formalized an agreement to extend the due date on a $ 690 million syndicated loan by three weeks to dec . 14 . the loan relates to one of enron ' s consolidated limited partnerships that owns minority interests in power and energy projects around the world . enron said last week that standard & poor ' s downgrade of its credit rating to " bbb - " had triggered an obligation to repay the loan by nov . 27 . people familiar with the matter said last week that lead banks j . p . morgan chase 201 - 938 - 2074 ; dow jones newswires ; carol . remond @ dowjones . com and christina cheddar ; dow jones newswires ; 201 - 938 - 5166 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . citigroup has $ 2 . 38 b less to lose on enron due to swaps by christine richard of dow jones newswires 11 / 26 / 2001 dow jones capital markets report ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones enron sterling credit linked notes trust and yosemite securities co . , which raised a combined gbp 325 million ; and enron euro credit linked notes trust , which issued eur 200 million . citigroup , which acts as the default swap counterparty to the trusts , receives the return on the portfolio of single - a - plus - or - better - rated securities , purchased with the proceeds of the offerings , in exchange for providing the payout on the enron exposure , according to mary ryan , director of synthetic securities ratings at standard & poor ' s . as long as enron remains out of bankruptcy , citigroup continues to make payments on the notes , ryan said . if enron defaults , citigroup would cease making payments to the trust . the single - a - plus - or - higher - rated securities in the trusts would go to citigroup in exchange for the same nominal amount of now in - default enron debt obligations . and with speculation mounting that dynegy will reduce , or maybe even scrap , its offer to buy enron , the chances of a such a default - driven transfer would appear to be rising . these notes essentially are synthetic enron debts , meaning they act like enron bonds in many respects , but lack key components that make holders true creditors of enron . for instance , the holders of these notes , because they don ' t possess actual enron obligations - and won ' t unless the company defaults - are not involved in negotiations to restructure or rollover debt . it has been reported that enron is engaged in active negotiations over the terms of its debts with creditors . the synthetic notes all carry a rating equivalent to enron ' s rating of triple - b - minus from standard 201 - 938 - 2189 ; christine . richard @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones plaintiffs seek $ 850 m 11 / 26 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - enron corp . ( ene ) was sued monday in the latest of at least three purported employee class action suits the company faces over lost 401 ( k ) retirement savings due to the recent collapse of the price of enron stock . in a press release monday , eli gottesdiener , a washington , d . c . attorney who filed the latest suit on behalf of employees , said it seeks $ 850 million in plan losses , in part because the company sold enron stock to its employees knowing the price was artificially inflated . an enron spokeswoman declined to comment . unlike two similar , recently filed suits against enron , the latest also contends that enron offered the stock without the required prospectus . if proven , the sale without a prospectus " give workers the automatic right to rescind their purchases and receive their money back with interest , " gottesdiener said in a statement . enron " locked down " the retirement plan from oct . 17 to nov . 19 , to make administrative changes , which prevented employees from selling enron shares as the share price collapsed amid growing disclosures of financial problems . earlier this month , houston - based dynegy inc . ( dyn ) offered to buy its far larger competitor in an all - stock deal that values enron shares at $ 10 . 85 a piece , or about $ 9 . 2 billion . enron later disclosed that its future earnings would be substantially less than expected and shares fell sharply . enron currently trades at $ 4 . 05 a share , down from their 52 - week high of $ 84 . 88 a share in december 2000 . the first suit was filed nov . 13 on behalf of plaintiffs by campbell harrison dow jones newswires ; 201 - 938 - 5400 ( corrected 04 : 34 pm ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . stockwatch enron falls 14 pct on mounting concerns over dynegy deal 11 / 26 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - shares of enron corp were down 14 pct in midsession trading as concerns continued to mount over the energy giant ' s acquisition by dynegy inc , with investors focusing more and more on the deal ' s breaking clause , dealers said . at 12 . 45 pm , enron shares were trading down 65 cents at 4 . 06 usd , a decline of 14 . 0 pct . dynegy was down 1 . 60 usd at 38 . 80 , amid broad declines in energy shares as crude prices sank . the djia was up 57 . 70 points at 9 , 892 . 86 . the s & p 500 was up 6 . 24 points at 1 , 143 . 27 . the nasdaq composite was up 11 . 94 points at 1 , 886 . 99 . dealers said that with enron shares having slid well below the dynegy offer price of 9 . 85 usd a share , the chevrontexaco affiliate may well reconsider its offer , or walk away from the deal all together . " people are making the bet that perhaps dynegy may cancel the deal , and that ' s there a lot more risk in playing the arbitrage , " said jefferies & co market strategist art hogan . the deal with dynegy contains a " material adverse change " clause , which could be invoked to call the deal off , he said . as part of its due diligence , dynegy is examining details of enron ' s filing with the securities and exchange commission last week , which reportedly contained information it had not received previously . enron shares have plunged further since the filing , in which enron revealed a number of new financial problems including a possible obligation to repay a 690 mln usd note due nov 27 . enron subsequently received an extension on the repayment until mid - december . since the beginning of the year , enron shares have lost over 90 pct of their value after it was revealed that the company would post hefty third - quarter charges linked to risky investments by the firm ' s former chief financial officer . " at this point , with so much smoke around the fire , i think the shares are rightly valued , " said jefferies ' hogan . ng / gc copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 1 - enron shares slide lower as merger doubts intensify . by janet mcgurty 11 / 26 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 26 ( reuters ) - shares of troubled energy giant enron corp . continued to lose ground on monday amid fears that the proposed acquisition of the company by smaller rival dynegy inc . will fall through . enron stock was down 61 cents , or 12 . 9 percent , at $ 4 . 13 in active midmorning trade on the new york stock exchange . dynegy has agreed to pay $ 10 . 55 per share for enron . " the market is acting like the deal is not going through or not going through at the original terms , " said michael heim , an industry analyst at a . g . edwards & sons . heim said that among three possible scenarios - the deal goes through as planned , it is canceled , or it is restructured - the first is the least likely . " escape clauses " built into the dynegy - enron deal give the buyer the option to back out if there is serious deterioration in enron ' s business or assets . " dynegy has a good claim that the ' material adverse condition ' clause has already been triggered , either by the $ 690 million loan being accelerated , earnings ( being ) down or the ongoing trading business weakness , " he said . last week enron said it could be forced to pay a $ 690 million debt this week because of a credit downgrade , but the payment deadline has been delayed until mid - december . enron ' s recent admission that lower volumes at its trading business - the crown jewel that dynegy most covets - could cause low fourth - quarter earnings raises the possibility that the trading business is losing its profitability . continued lower volumes there would remove a key attraction for dynegy . " every day that goes by where enron trading volumes become less , it decreases the value of the assets dynegy was trying to buy in the first place , " heim said . " besides trading and marketing , what value does enron have ? " the majority of enron ' s physical assets are spoken for , with partnerships and creditors getting first dibs and dynegy getting the first right to exercise its option to acquire enron ' s northern natural gas pipeline . dynegy , which is 26 . 5 percent - owned by energy giant chevrontexaco , is to swap 0 . 2685 share of its own stock for each share of enron . shares of dynegy were down $ 1 . 27 , or 3 . 1 percent , at $ 39 . 13 in midmorning nyse trade . enron agreed to a dynegy buyout after it was overwhelmed by a series of problems , including a u . s . regulatory probe of off - balance - sheet dealings by its officers , a $ 1 . 2 billion cut in shareholder equity , and cuts in its credit ratings . enron subsequently restated its earnings , but investor unease snowballed and its share began tumbling . the shares were above $ 90 in august 2000 . heim said he was not sure that enrononline , enron ' s online trading platform , is the premier property it once was . " two years ago it had some value , but now others have been able to duplicate it . it ' s not the computer systems - it ' s the traders and network that enron had . if those go away , the value lessens . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron lawsuit seen as wake - up call for pensions . 11 / 26 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 26 ( reuters ) - a washington , d . c . , lawyer said monday he hopes heavy losses suffered by enron corp . employees will spur congress to limit employee investments in their employers ' stock through 401 ( k ) retirement plans . " how many workers have to lose both their jobs and their retirement savings before congress steps in and puts a stop to this by placing a cap on the amount of company stock that can be in a 401 ( k ) plan ? " lawyer eli gottesdiener asked . gottesdiener released a statement monday saying he had filed a lawsuit on behalf of employees of the beleaguered energy giant who have lost an estimated $ 850 million on enron stock held in their 401 ( k ) retirement accounts . the suit is the third one filed against enron that alleges the company breached its fiduciary duty to employees by encouraging them to invest in its stock at artificially inflated prices . all three suits seek class - action status . enron ' s shares have fallen from a high of $ 90 in august 2000 to less than $ 5 today , their decline accelerating since oct 16 amid a series of disclosures about its deteriorating finances . like many other companies , enron makes matching contributions to its employees ' 401 ( k ) retirement accounts in its own stock . it also requires them to hold the stock they receive in matching contributions until they turn 50 . enron employees were also prevented from selling enron stock held in retirement accounts for several weeks from mid - october due to a change in the retirement plan ' s administrator . gottesdiener said investment advisors recommend investing no more than 15 percent of a portfolio in a single stock , but that participants in 401 ( k ) plans offering employer stock as a choice typically hold 33 percent of their portfolio in that stock . " congress sensibly placed a 10 percent limit on company stock in traditional defined benefit plans back in 1974 , but at the behest of the corporate lobby , it placed no such cap on defined contribution plans , " he said . the absence of such a cap in defined - contribution 401 ( k ) plans was " completely indefensible , " he said . gottesdiener ' s suit alleges that enron violated federal securities law by offering and selling enron stock to employees without issuing a prospectus . if proven , this would give workers the right to reverse their purchases , he said . gottesdiener is also involved in class action pensions litigation against new york life insurance co . and sbc communications inc . . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : us corp bonds - bonds tighten , analysts fret on enron . 11 / 26 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . by jonathan stempel new york , nov 26 ( reuters ) - u . s . corporate bonds outperformed treasuries on monday as traders edged back to their desks following the thanksgiving day weekend , in the midst of a broad revival for corporate bonds of all stripes . in secondary trading , spreads , the yield difference between the bonds and comparable maturity u . s . treasuries , tightened about 0 . 01 percentage point . " i would expect a continuation of the tightening , especially with treasury interest rates going up , " said one trader . " absolute corporate yields are starting to look pretty attractive . " corporate bonds , especially junk bonds , have outperformed treasuries this month as investors developed a new tolerance for risk . though absolute returns for investment - grade corporate bonds are negative , they are even worse in the treasury market , where investors appear more convinced that the current u . s . economic downturn won ' t be deep or long . " the successes in afghanistan and some milder - than - anticipated economic data have combined to increase investor appetite for risk , " wrote fixed - income research service creditsights inc . in a report dated monday . " while the severity and swiftness of the bond market ' s correction was a surprise , it hasn ' t changed our basic view of u . s . corporate bonds and we continue to recommend overweight positions . " this week ' s forward calendar remains quiet . in early trading , 10 - year treasuries rose 10 / 32 , as their yields fell to 4 . 971 percent . enron market participants are closely watching houston - based enron corp . as the largest u . s . energy trader tries to merge with smaller cross - town rival dynegy inc . , keep its investment - grade credit ratings , and manage a load of $ 9 . 15 billion of debt and other obligations , much of which is unsecured and coming due within 13 months . of this debt amount , $ 690 million could come due by mid - december , and $ 3 . 9 billion immediately if enron falls to junk status . the key to resolution of this matter , some observers believe , is enron ' s banks . " the goal of the banks now is to re - cut their exposure to gain as much structural seniority or asset liens as possible , take out fees , raise rates , take down total exposure , and generally improve their risk - profile under multiple scenarios , " said creditsights . " the very bankers who are supplying liquidity through new secured bank lines and who are rumored to be considering equity investments are the ones on the hook ( and unsecured ) for $ 3 billion in bank loans , " wrote carol levenson , an analyst for gimmecredit , another fixed - income research service . " if dynegy backs out ( in the interest of self - preservation ) , these vital bank renegotiations might save enron but leave unsecured bondholders as the patsies . " enron ' s existing 6 . 4 percent notes maturing in 2006 and 6 . 75 percent notes maturing in 2009 were bid on friday at 57 cents on the dollar , down from around par on october 12 , before enron first reported third quarter results , which it later revised downward . enron shares have fallen 94 percent this year to their lowest level since early 1989 . data investment - grade and junk bond spreads narrowed 0 . 1 and 0 . 27 percentage point last week , respectively , to 1 . 68 and 7 . 84 percentage points , according to merrill lynch & co . junk bond spreads have narrowed 1 . 45 percentage points this month . for the month , junk bonds have returned 2 . 996 percent , while investment - grade corporate bonds have lost 2 . 355 percent and treasuries 3 . 488 percent , merrill lynch said . for the year , the respective bonds are up 4 . 777 , 9 . 634 and 6 . 565 percent . for a complete list of upcoming or recently priced bond deals , please click on . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . petrobras , petros , close to buying enron ' s stakes in ceg / ceg rio - report 11 / 26 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd sao paulo ( afx ) - petroleo brasileiro sa and its pension fund petros are close to winning regulatory approval to purchase enron corp ' s stakes in gas distributors ceg and ceg rio , daily valor economico reported . valor said petrobras last week reached an agreement with the regulatory agency for public service concessions of rio de janeiro local authorities , under which it agreed to undertake a series of investments in exchange for approval to acquire enron ' s 13 . 38 pct stake in ceg and its 33 . 75 pct stake in ceg rio . it said the deal now passes to rio de janeiro governor anthony garotinho for approval . as for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . tales of the tape : energy traders ' perfect storm stalls by christina cheddar 11 / 26 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 5166 ; christina . cheddar @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india : update 1 - india ' s av birla group denies bid for enron unit . 11 / 26 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ( recasts with denial , comments from financial institution in paragraphs 5 - 6 ) bombay , nov 26 ( reuters ) - the aditya vikram birla group , a leading indian conglomerate , on monday denied newspaper reports it was looking to buy u . s . energy giant enron corp ' s 65 - percent stake in the beleaguered dabhol power company . " there has been no expression of interest in dabhol . we are not interested , " a top av birla group official told reuters . two leading indian business dailies earlier said the group , whose interests range from textiles to cement and carbon black , is eyeing dabhol to expand its interests in the domestic power sector . the economic times and the financial express said the group was exploring the possibility of submitting an expression of interest to indian financial institutions to buy enron ' s stake in the company . an official of state - run industrial development bank of india , the leading financier of the $ 2 . 9 billion project in the western state of maharashtra , said he has not heard from the birla group . " we have not received any official communication from them , " the official , who did not wish to be identified , told reuters . the spokesman for dabhol was not available for comment . fighting for survival enron corp , which is fighting for survival in the united states amidst investor doubts over its corporate governance practices , owns 65 percent of dabhol . general electric co and bechtel own 10 percent each , while the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) owns 15 percent . dabhol and mseb have been fighting over payment defaults and high tariffs for over a year . the dispute has affected india ' s efforts to attract foreign investment in the power sector and caused enron and its u . s . partners to announce plans to exit the project . tata power company ltd , india ' s largest private sector utility firm , and bses ltd , another utility company and a member of india ' s largest conglomerate , the reliance group , are already in talks to buy enron ' s stake . the av birla group has adopted the route of mergers and acquisitions in recent years to consolidate its position in key industries . last week , one of its group companies , grasim industries ltd , bought a 10 - percent stake in india ' s largest cement maker , larsen & toubro ltd earlier this year , indian rayon & industries ltd , another group company , entered the information technology sector by buying out france ' s groupe bull sa ' s 50 . 35 percent stake in psi data systems but the group ' s track record in the power sector has been less than impressive . two joint ventures with britain ' s powergen plc to produce over 1 , 000 megawatts of electricity in two indian states have not made much headway since they were announced in the mid - 1990 s . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron ' s stock , bonds drop on concern for dynegy bid ( update 8 ) 2001 - 11 - 26 16 : 45 ( new york ) enron ' s stock , bonds drop on concern for dynegy bid ( update 8 ) ( adds analyst comment in 4 th paragraph . ) new york , nov . 26 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s stock price declined to a 14 - year low and its bonds plunged 10 points on concern the company won ' t secure $ 1 billion in fresh capital , threatening its plan to be acquired by dynegy inc . ` ` the clock is definitely ticking , ' ' said jon kyle cartwright , a debt analyst at raymond james and associates . ` ` the question is the survivability of enron . ' ' j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . executives met today to line up investors for as much as $ 2 billion of bonds convertible into stock . the company needs the money to operate until dynegy completes its $ 23 billion purchase . dynegy unveiled its plan to make the acquisition on nov . 9 . enron shares and bonds , which opened lower , tumbled after 1 p . m . when no announcement for fresh financing was made . enron ' s 6 . 4 percent notes that mature in 2006 plunged to 48 cents on the dollar , down from 55 cents on friday . the bonds now yield 26 percent . enron shares declined 15 percent , or 70 cents , to $ 4 . 01 . concern that rival dynegy may change or cancel its bid for enron has pushed enron ' s stock down 55 percent in the past week . enron ' s shares had plummeted 86 percent since mid - october after the company reported a $ 618 million third - quarter loss and said expansion into water , telecommunications and retail - energy sales cost it $ 1 . 01 billion . ` ` you haven ' t heard anything from dynegy today , and that is a bit scary , ' ' said andy palmer , who doesn ' t hold enron bonds in the $ 2 billion he helps manage at asb capital management inc . in washington . part of the third - quarter charge was connected with limited partnerships run by the chief financial officer . he was ousted , and the u . s . securities and exchange commission started an investigation into enron ' s accounting . the company earlier this month restated its earnings for the past four years . talks on $ 1 billion under the buyout , enron investors would receive 0 . 2685 dynegy share for each share held . that valued enron at $ 10 . 41 a share , 21 percent more than enron ' s share price that day . on friday , the buyout valued enron at $ 10 . 85 a share , more than double enron ' s closing price of $ 4 . 71 . the widening of the difference between the value of the offer and enron ' s stock price indicates investors doubt the buyout will go through . shares of enron traded as low as $ 3 . 76 today , rebounding to close at $ 4 . 01 . the stock was the most active in u . s . trading wednesday and friday . dynegy dropped $ 1 . 15 , or 2 . 85 percent , to $ 39 . 25 . the stock has fallen 30 percent this year . both companies are based in houston . egan - jones ratings co . lowered its rating on enron ' s credit today to ` ` bb - ' ' from ` ` bb . ' ' ` ` dynegy needs to show its support , or enron will slide , ' ' the firm said in a report . moody ' s investors service hasn ' t issued a report on enron since the company filed its 10 - q quarterly report with the sec a week ago . the ratings agency ' s analysts haven ' t returned calls for comment . moody ' s cut enron ' s long - term credit rating on nov . 9 , though it maintained an investment grade . ` more problems ' ` ` time is not enron ' s friend , ' ' said stewart morel , co - head of investment grade debt research at ubs warburg llc . ` ` there is increased concern in the market that there may be more problems that are yet to be disclosed . ' ' on wednesday , enron got a three - week reprieve from lenders on a $ 690 million note due this week , giving the company more time to restructure its finances . dynegy chief executive officer chuck watson said he was ` ` encouraged ' ' by the commitment to extend the note payment , as well as the closing of a $ 450 million credit facility , and that dynegy remained committed to the merger . terms of the $ 690 million note were outlined for the first time in the enron filing a week ago . enron also said that it has less than $ 2 billion in cash and credit lines left . if the company ' s cash reserves run too low , enron ' s credit rating may be cut below investment grade . that would trigger $ 3 . 9 billion in debt repayments for two affiliated partnerships . enron said in the filing that fourth - quarter profit might be hurt by a drop in its trading business . companies such as aquila inc . and mirant corp . have reduced their activity with enron because of credit concerns . ` ` should the dynegy deal fall through , we don ' t view it likely that enron would be able to remain as a stand - alone company , ' ' youngberg of edward jones said . ` ` without dynegy , the credit rating will fall , causing their trading business to dry up further . ' ' enron , the biggest energy trader , once handled about a quarter of u . s . gas and power transactions . enron ' s bankers met with leveraged buyout firms and two industrial companies to seek an investment , the new york times reported last week . j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . agreed to terms that give each of them a $ 250 million equity stake as part of a transaction to be completed today . dynegy bonds slip as enron purchase may harm credit rating 2001 - 11 - 26 15 : 16 ( new york ) dynegy bonds slip as enron purchase may harm credit rating new york , nov . 26 ( bloomberg ) - - dynegy inc . bonds have fallen as much as 9 percent this month on investor concern the energy trader ' s proposed $ 23 billion purchase of rival enron corp . will erode its credit rating . dynegy ' s 6 . 88 percent coupon notes due in 2011 are trading at $ 932 per $ 1 , 000 face value , down from $ 1 , 024 last month , according to merrill lynch & co . data . yield on the debt has risen to 7 . 9 percent from 6 . 5 percent as investors demand more return to compensate for the increased risks of the securities . dynegy ' s credit is rated ` ` baa 3 ' ' at moody ' s investors service , the lowest rung of investment grade , and ` ` bbb + ' ' at standard & poor ' s , two levels higher . each ratings company said it may cut dynegy ' s credit rating if it buys enron , which comes with about $ 15 billion in debt and a regulatory inquiry into financial partnerships set up to keep debt off its books . ` ` if you put dynegy and enron together it will have a detrimental effect on dynegy ' s credit rating , ' ' said tim nelson , senior credit analyst at u . s . bancorp piper jaffray cos . in minneapolis , which holds dynegy bonds . dynegy ' s 7 . 45 percent coupon notes due in 2006 are trading at $ 1 , 019 per $ 1 , 000 face value , down from $ 1 , 085 last month , according to merrill . the notes yield almost 7 percent , up from 5 . 4 percent . enron ' s credit is rated ` ` baa 3 ' ' at moody ' s and ` ` bbb - ' ' at s & p , the lowest level of investment grade . both ratings companies are reviewing the credit for a possible downgrade and say dynegy ' s buyout plan is what ' s keeping the grades above junk . ` ` i don ' t think right now anybody knows exactly what enron is , ' ' said mark simenstad , who holds dynegy bonds in the $ 5 billion he helps manage at lutheran brotherhood . ` ` dynegy has proven to be pretty well - managed over the years so you have to give them the benefit of the doubt here , ' ' simenstad said . ` ` the hope is that if there ' s something they don ' t understand they ' ll walk away . ' ' dynegy has $ 3 . 9 billion of bonds outstanding , most of which come due between 2002 and 2011 , according to bloomberg data . shares of houston - based dynegy , which topped $ 47 two weeks ago after chief executive chuck watson said the enron purchase would boost earnings by at least 35 percent next year , fell $ 1 . 30 to $ 39 . 10 in mid - afternoon trading today . enron ' s shares , down 92 percent this year , fell as much as 80 cents , or 17 percent , to $ 3 . 91 , a the lowest since 1987 . enron shares slides to all - time low by cbs . marketwatch . com 4 : 53 pm et nov 26 , 2001 houston ( cbs . mw ) - - enron shares fell as much as 20 percent monday , crashing through the $ 4 level for part to set an all - time low and cast additional doubt on the energy merchant ' s plan to be acquired by rival dynegy . enron ( ene ) set a new all - time low of $ 3 . 76 monday afternoon before closing at $ 4 . 01 , off 70 cents . more than 60 million shares changed hands , making it the most active issue on the new york stock exchange . the stock has lost about half its value since dynegy announced an agreement to buy enron on nov . 9 and more than 85 percent of its value in the past month . meanwhile , shares of dynegy ( dyn ) lost $ 1 . 15 , or 2 . 8 percent , to stand at $ 39 . 25 . the collapse in enron ' s share price has made it more likely that dynegy and enron will have to renegotiate the terms of their original deal , in which 0 . 2685 of a dynegy share would be exchanged for each outstanding enron share . however , the financial times reported that dynegy remains confident of its ability to complete a deal for enron , which has been seeking $ 500 million in private equity capital to shore up its finances . " we continue to hear reports the enron ' s energy marketing and trading business , once the crown jewel of the company , has eroded badly with counterparties only willing to do shorter - term deals , " a . g . edwards sons analysts charles fishman and douglas fischer wrote in a research note friday . enron investors do not believe that the merger is likely to occur under the current terms , the analysts said . chance of dynegy backing out on monday , michael heim , also of a . g . edwards , attributed enron ' s latest stock drop to " growing belief that the likelihood of the ( merger ) deal is not so likely . " he pointed out that the outlook for enron is " not very favorable " but in the meantime , it ' s doing everything it can to stay " afloat " while working on closing the deal . last week , enron said it got a bank extension on a $ 690 million note to mid - december . the note was originally set to come due in 2003 , but was bumped up to nov . 26 due to a rating downgrade at standard poor ' s . the payment by itself is manageable because enron has about $ 2 billion in cash on its hands , heim said , but " the event moves enron ' s merger one step closer to the point in which dynegy is able to exercise the merger ' s material adverse condition clauses and back out of , or restructure , the merger deal . " heim has a " sell " rating on the stock . 
2	Subject: urgent business proposal . from the desk of mr . mustapha ahmed bill and echange unit bank of african ( boa ) ouagadougou - burkina faso . urgent assistance in transaction i am the manager at the bill and exchange department bank of african ( boa ) here in ouagadougou , burkina faso . in my department we discovered an abandoned sum of us $ 18 . 2 m dollars ( us dollars ) in an account that belonging to one of our foreign customer . who died along with his entire family in monday , 31 july , 2000 in a plane crash in paris . please visit this site that is one of the evidence the directors brought in other to swallow the money at the end of the since we got information about his death , we have been expecting his next of kin to come over and claim his money because we cannot release it unless some body applies for it as next of kin or relation to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidlings and laws but unfortunately we learnt that all his supposed next of kin or relation died alongside with him at the plane crash leaving nobody behind for the claim . it is therefore upon this discovery that i now decided to make this business proposal to you and release the money to you as the next of kin or relation to the deceased for safety and subsequent disbursement since nobody is coming for it and we don ' t want this money to go into the bank treasury as unclaimed bill . the banking law and guidline here stipulates that if such money remained unclaimed after five years , the money will be transfered into the bank treasury as unclaimed fund . the request of foreigner as next of kin in this business is occassioned by the fact that the customer was a foreigner and a burkinabe cannot stand as next of kin to a foreigner . i agree that 30 % of this money will be for you as a respect to the provision of a foriegn account , 10 % will be set aside for expenses incurred during the business and 60 % would be for me thereafter , i will visit your country for disbursement according to the percentage indicated therefore , to enable the immediate transfer of this fund to your desiggnited bank account , you must apply first to the bank as a relation or next of kin of the deceased with a text of application that i will send to you , so i will like you to send to me your private telephone and faxnumber for easy and effective communication and location where in the money will be remitted . upon receipt of your reply , i will send to you by fax or email the text of the application . i will not fail to bring to your notice this transaction is hitch - free and that you should not entertain any atom of fear as all required arrangements have been made for the transfer . you should contact me immediately as soon as you receive this letter . trusting to hear from you immediately . reply me through this email : mustapha _ ahmed 700 @ hotmail . com dear p / s reply this email thanks yours faithfully , mr . mustapha ahmed ( b . o . a ) 
2	Subject: amazing health enhancer - as seen on oprah and cnbc amazing health enhancer - as seen on oprah and cnbc ! wonderous discoverywant to be dropped from our list ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - infoasst . com / nrmm . htmcomp . uter tech . nologies 848 n . rain . bow blvd . # 316 las v . egas , nv 8 . 9107  
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: re : i love you ! ! ! right back atcha . . . michelle . lokay @ enron . com wrote : > > just wanted you to know . . . 
2	Subject: all your life # 4 c 55 this is a mime message content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary  " - - - -  _ nextpart _ 001 _ 0080 _ 01 bdf 6 c 7 . fabaclbo " content - type : text / plain ; charset  " iso - 8859 - 1 " content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable * * * * * this is an html message ! * * * * * content - type : text / html ; charset  " iso - 8859 - 1 " content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable dear candidate ,  ao you have been selected as a potential candidate for a free listing in  ao the 2001 edition of the international executive guild registry  2 e  ao  please accept our congratulations for this coveted honor  2 e  ao as this edition is so important in view of the new millennium , the  ao  international executive guild registry will be published in two different   ao formats ; the searchable cd - rom and the online registry  2 e  ao since inclusion can be considered recognition of your career position  ao and professionalism , each candidate is evaluated in keeping with high  ao standards of individual achievement  2 e in light of this , the internationa  l executive guild thinks that you may make an interesting biographical subject  2 e  ao we look forward to your inclusion and appearance in the international  ao executive guild ' s registry  2 e best wishes for your continued success  2 e  ao  international executive guild  ao listing dept  2 e  ao if you wish to be removed from our list , please submit your request at the bottom of this email  2 e international executive guild registration form ( us and canada only ) please fill out this form if you would like to be included on the international executive guild , for accuracy and publication purposes , please complete and send this form at the earliest opportunity  2 e there is no charge or obligation to be listed on the international executive guild  2 e your name your company title address city state or province country usacanada zip / postal code day time telephone home phone ( not to be published ) email to help us in considering your application , please tell us a little about yourself  2 e  2 e  2 e your business ( financial svcs , banking , computer hardware , software , professional svcs , chemicals , apparel , aerospace , food , government , utility , etc  2 e ) type of organization ( m  fg , dist / wholesaler , retailer , law firm , investment bank , commercial bank , university , financial consultants , ad agency , contractor , broker , etc  2 e ) your business expertise ( corp  2 emgmt , marketing , civil engineering , tax law , nuclear physics , database development , operations , pathologist , mortgage banking , etc  2 e ) major product line ( integrated circuits , commercial aircraft , adhesives , cosmetics , plastic components , snack foods , etc  2 e ) note : submitting this form  will be made by email , not by use of www  2 e confirmation of its de  livery is made by browsing your outgoing mail  2 e thank you for filling in this form , we will contact you with more information  2 e list removal click here  
2	Subject:  is youkr penis this smhall ? we are ykokur list choice , because we curne megjn like you ! help is her 4 e | remopvswe heore soak trimer barricade moderate knot allegheny compositor pro dive between be americana auditor disquisition jockey turin subsist gelatin complimentary mail covet dropout canaveral screwworm jerry dust gilead pearce internescine nikko frantic banal cabinet masochist ridicule tragedy minot hershel doff monticello bulletin devious detente heterogeneity invincible enigmatic bowfin proctor exogamy sliver consider harshen basepoint flagging breech styli principal next handspike mangle evict expense  
2	Subject: energy derivatives book hi vince , it was good to speak to you and grant the other day . plese find attached a block of 3 chapters that are basically the middle of the book . this should give you an idea at the level it is pitched - although these are probably some of the the most technical of the chapters . julie who works for us will be getting in contact with you soon to chase you up on your chapter ! i ' ve asked julie to have a chat to you about a couple of other things at the same time . i hope this is ok with you . julie and i will be making a trip thru houston around the third week of february to try and visit some energy companies . it ' s mainly a fact finding trip to see what the energy companies are doing and how we might be able to make use of our skills in a commercial sense . would you recommend any people we should talk too ? also we will be running a course on energy derivatives in houston at the end of march following the success of the course in new york last year and want to advertise this . do you know of people who would be interested in such a course ? we are currently putting together promotional material for the book - can you please let julie know how you and grant would like to be advertised - your official positions , etc . best regards , and i look forward to reading your chapter soon . chris . - ed _ vince . zip 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 21 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012116 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: any med for your girl to be happy ! your girl is unsatisfied with your potency ? don ' t wait until she finds another men ! click here to choose from a great variety of llcensed love t @ bs ! best pri $ es , fast shippinq and quaranteed effect ! here you buy it riqht from warehouse ! the store is verifled by bbb and approved by visa !  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 16 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; start date : 12 / 16 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121615 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: urgent response please ! ! ! mr cheung puihang seng bank ltdsai wan ho branch 171 shaukiwan roadhong kong . e - mail : cheungpui 47 @ yahoo . com . hkgood day , let me start by introducing myself . i am mr . cheung pui director of operations of the hang seng bank ltd . i have a obscured business suggestion for you . before the u . s and iraqi war our client major fadi basem who was with the iraqi forces and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months , with a value of twenty four million five hundred thousand united state dollars only in my branch . upon maturity several notice was sent to him , even during the war early this year . again after the war another notification was sent and still no response came from him . we later find out that the major and his family had been killed during the war in bomb blast that hit their home . after further investigation it was also discoveredthat major fadi basem did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the paper work of his bank deposit . and he also confided in me the last time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank . so , twenty four millions five hundred thousand united state dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it . what bothers me most is that according to the to the laws of my country at the expiration 3 years the funds will revert to the ownership of the hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the funds . against this backdrop , my suggestion to you is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to major fadi basem so that you will be able to receive his funds . what is to be done : i want you to know that i have had everything planned out so that we shall come out successful . i have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to major fadi basem , all that is required from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your full names and address so that the attorney can commence his job . after you have been made the next of kin , the attorney will also fill in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the move of the funds to an account that will be provided by you . there is no risk involved at all in the matter as we are going adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary documents . please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning this issue . once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank account we shall share in the ratio of 60 % for me , 40 % for you . should you be interested please send me your full names and current residential address and i will prefers you to reach me on the email address below ( cheungpui 47 @ yahoo . com . hk ) and finally after that i shall provide you with more details of this operation . your earliest response to this letter will beappreciated . kind regardsmr . cheung pui kaixo ! ( http : / / www . kaixo . com ) portal de euskadi - euskadiko ataria 
2	Subject: brand name and generic drugs floodgate bound tradesman granary climb frankfurt omega affect epilogue get any prescription drug you want ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here likewise motive imitable doltish ball superposable ruthenium wan operate purse  
2	Subject: otc bb " gdvi " spectacular operating results & momentum continues investment opportunities for the speculative investor otc bb alert spectacular operating results momentum continues sales projections for next 12 months surpasses $ 20 million 99 . 8 % revenue increase 278 % net income increase 154 % stockholders equity increase 79 % increase in assets $ 8 million order backlog $ 50 million manufacturing capacity overview global diversified industries operates in the modular building construction industry , and strategically targets the california education sector . gdvi is strategically located in central california on 16 acres with a 100 , 000 square foot state - of - the - art manufacturing facility . throughout 2003 and 2004 the company focused on building its infrastructure through acquisitions , development of a state - of - the - art manufacturing facility , and by securing the requisite financing facilities to fuel business growth . through the combination of its new facility ( $ 50 million capacity ) , the increased demand for portable buildings and the state of california ' s bond approvals , gdvi has become well positioned to become one of the dominant leaders in modular manufacturing on the west coast . gdvi should benefit greatly from the $ 12 . 1 billion school improvement bond that is expected to be passed by california voters next month ( march ) . this presents , in our opinion an opportunity for early investors of gdvi to also benefit before the mainstream investor realizes who the benefactors are and subsequently invests in those companies . global diversified has taken numerous strategic development steps throughout 2003 and 2004 , including generating strong revenues as well as profits and is now poised for explosive growth in 2005 . the company is led by a strong management team with previous success in building companies into $ 50 million per annum businesses . in the past year gdvi has exceeded its own sales revenue projections , renewed its piggyback contract , received state approvals on engineered product designs , started a new credit facility and opened its new 100 , 000 square foot manufacturing facility . the company will continue to seek new acquisition candidates through its aggressive growth plan . profile gdvi is a holding company that currently operates two wholly owned subsidiaries , mbs construction inc . , a modular contractor specializing in modular construction site work and renovation and global modular , inc . , a sales , marketing and manufacturing of modular type structures . its principal customer base is currently educational ( public and private schools , universities , etc . ) , child - care and municipality sectors . its product lines consist of a variety of portable classroom designs , including both single - story and two - story floor plans . global modular ' s portable classroom structures are engineered and constructed in accordance with pre - approved building plans , commonly referred to as p . c . ' s or pre - checked plans , that conform to structural and seismic safety specifications administered by the california department of state architects ( dsa ) . global modular also enjoys the benefit of providing educational customers with products contracted under a piggyback clause . the state of california allows school districts to canvass proposals from modular classroom vendors under a bidding process where the successful bidder can provide other public school districts and municipalities portable classrooms under a piggyback contract issued by the originating school district . this process saves school districts valuable time and resources from the necessity of soliciting bids . a modular vendor who possesses a piggyback contract containing competitive pricing and a variety of design options may have access to future business for up to five years , depending on the term of the piggyback contract . the strategic focus on california schools since 1998 , california legislation has required that at least 20 % of all new classrooms constructed with state funds be portable structures . there are five compelling reasons for this trend : modular classrooms are faster to construct ( as quickly as 2 weeks ) they cost significantly less ( as low as $ 30 , 000 vs . $ 100 , 000 ) they offer greater flexibility for use compared to conventional buildings they are easier to finance they provide financing incentives to cope with population growth , the state department of education estimates that california will need more than 2 , 500 classrooms each year for the next four years , which equates to more than 10 , 000 classrooms . due to the current and projected budget cuts throughout the california education sector , public and private schools are expected to turn to portable / modular construction to fulfill their additional classroom requirements over the next four years . the california schools budget crisis on november 5 , 2002 a $ 13 . 2 billion school facilities improvements bond proposal ( proposition 47 ) was passed by california voters . this bond measure passage does not include an approximate $ 9 . 4 billion worth of local bond measures passed by various school districts throughout the state . a second bond measure worth $ 12 . 1 billion went before the voters on the march 2004 . these bond measures are about three times higher than the record $ 9 . 2 billion bond california voters approved in 1998 . the revenue generated from these bond measures will be used for school modernization programs , which include requirements for relocatable classrooms and modular classroom construction and renovations . money from the bonds will help overcrowded public and private schools ; design upgrades and expand building space at community colleges and other institutions of higher learning throughout california . gdvi business infrastructure among global modular ' s asset base is its integrated , state - of - the - art , automated manufacturing process which includes equipment , raw material and marketing collateral that are specifically designed for the high capacity fabrication of modular structures . gdvi employs a workforce of 60 employees and is looking to add to its workforce as demand increases . operates out of a sixteen acre site with a 100 , 000 square foot operating structure . wholly owned subsidiary ( global modular inc . ) markets , designs and manufactures the buildings wholly owned subsidiary ( mbs corporation ) handles installation and building renovation . symbol otc . bb gdvi recent price 13 . 5 cents management team philip hamilton , ceo and president mr . hamilton has an extensive and very successful background in modular manufacturing . from 1996 to feb 2000 he served as chairman and ceo of pacesetter industries inc . he built this company from inception into one of californias largest manufacturers , producing and installing thousands of schools and commercial buildings . under his leadership , pacesetter industries moved into a 5 , 500 , 000 sq . ft . facility in atwater , california with branch sales offices throughout the state . the company employed a staff of over 650 employees and had annual sales of $ 50 , 000 , 000 . adam de bard , vice president mr . de bard has over 6 years of experience in the manufacturing and business sectors . from 1997 to 2000 he served as vice president and chief information officer of pacesetter industries . ronald kilpatrick , director of finance mr . kilpatrick has 36 years experience in both domestic and international development and management of major corporations . he is a managing partner of pacific rim capital llc which provides venture capital to projects in the pacific rim . recent headlines global diversified industries , inc . commencing efforts to increase its u . s . based investor and public relations visibility pr newswire ( tue 5 : 00 am ) global diversified industries , inc . modular division secures new order worth more than $ 3 million for immediate delivery pr newswire ( thu , jun 9 ) wallst . net airing all - new , exclusive audio interviews with gdvi and geoi pr newswire ( tue , jun 7 ) wallst . net airing exclusive audio interviews with gdvi and xle pr newswire ( thu , jun 2 ) global diversified industries , inc . acquires valuable assets from california modular company pr newswire ( thu , may 26 ) global diversified industries , inc . modular division implementing its fourth production line pr newswire ( thu , may 19 ) talkingstocks . com announces interview with philip hamilton , president and ceo of global diversified industries , inc . primezone media network ( tue , may 17 ) stockguru . com initiates profile coverage of global diversified industries , inc . primezone media network ( mon , may 16 ) global diversified industries ' modular division billings total $ 1 . 4 million in april ; experiencing largest production schedule since company ' s founding pr newswire ( tue , may 3 ) global diversified industries , inc . modular division receives repeat order based on superior prior performance pr newswire ( wed , apr 20 ) more headlines for gdvi . ob . . . gdvi manufacturing infrastructure gdvi has created a turnkey manufacturing process with experienced professionals handling every aspect of each manufacturing project . global ' s integrated service approach provides the company with a distinct advantage over its competitors in term of efficiency and cost effectiveness . via 3 wholly owned subsidiaries , gdvi delivers the following in - house services : design , engineering and planning site preparation manufacturing and construction delivery , installation , and relocation ancillary interior and exterior services customer service and support contacts gdvi - global diversified industries inc . 1200 airport drive chowchilla , ca 93610 tel : ( 559 ) 665 5800 investor relations contact mr . paul knopick tel : ( 949 ) 707 - 5365 pknopick @ . com stock quotes http : / / finance . yahoo . com / q ? s  gdvi . ob important disclaimer investor spec sheet is an independent electronic publication providing information on selected public companies . the information contained herein contains forward - looking information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1993 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected growth of the featured company . in accordance with the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act , investor spec sheet notes that statements contained herein that look forward in time , which include everything other than historical information , involve risks and uncertainties that may affect the company ' s actual results of operations . factors that could cause actual results to differ include the size and growth of the market for the company ' s products , the company ' s ability to fund its capital requirements in the near term and in the long term ; pricing pressures , technology issues , etc . any company profiled by investor spec sheet pays cash or stock consideration for the electronic dissemination of the company ' s information for a specified time period and / or our comments about the company and / or our development of the company ' s website . section 17 ( b ) of the securities act of 1933 requires that investor spec sheet fully disclose the type consideration ( i . e . cash , free trading stock , restricted stock , restricted stock with registration rights , stock options , stock warrants , or other type consideration ) and the specific amount of the consideration our company receives or will receive , directly or indirectly , from an issuer , underwriter , or dealer . no information contained in our website or our publications should be considered as a solicitation to purchase or sell the securities of the profiled companies . investor spec sheet is neither a registered investment advisor nor a registered securities broker dealer . we do not undertake or represent to make investment recommendations or advise pertaining to the purchase or sale of the securities mentioned in our web site or publications . the information contained in our website and publications are carefully compiled by investor spec sheet based upon sources that we believe to be reliable . investor spec sheet , however , does not guarantee the accuracy of any information contained in our website or publications . moreover , investor spec sheet does not endorse , independently verify , or assert the truthfulness or reliability of any statements or data made by us or the profiled companies in our website or publications . investors should not rely solely on the information contained in our website or publications . instead , investors should use the information provided on the profiled companies only as a starting point for conducting additional research that will permit them to form their own opinions regarding an investment in the profiled company ' s securities . the receipt of the information contained in our website or publications shall not create , under any circumstance , any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the profiled company since the date of our comments regarding the company or the date of the profiled company press releases or other information disseminated via our website or publications . the information contained in our website and publications may pertain to small cap and / or thinly traded securities which by their very nature involve an extremely high degree of risk . an investment in these type of securities could result in the loss of some or all of an investment in the company . in addition , due to the illiquid nature of some of these securities , an investor may find encounter difficulties in liquidating the securities . investor spec sheet may liquidate the stock consideration it receives at any time it deems it appropriate to do so . the liquidation of our stock may have a negative impact on the securities of the company liquidated , including decreased market value and / or dilution of the company ' s securities . the following companies have paid , or have agreed to pay the parent company of investor spec sheet to : distribute the company ' s information and reports in an email newsletter ; post company links on featured companies page , and compile and distribute quarterly reports in an email newsletter . a non - controlling third party , has paid $ 3000 . 00 cash for distribution of this investor alert . investor spec sheet p . o . box 712 east quogue , ny 11942 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012904 . txt 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121204 . txt 
2	Subject: re : apache deal 384247 10 / 00 please follow are current practice and pay the lower price . thanks bob enron capital management from : david baumbach @ ect 11 / 21 / 2000 03 : 55 pm to : megan parker / corp / enron @ enron cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron subject : re : apache deal 384247 10 / 00 according to the contract brief i received , the 2 . 175 is a 1999 price . i believe my pricing is correct . bob or darren may be able your questions better . dave enron north america corp . from : megan parker @ enron 11 / 21 / 2000 03 : 27 pm to : david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : apache deal 384247 10 / 00 i got an invoice for the gas we bought from apache for tenaska iv and they have a different price . for deal 384247 , we have a price of 2 . 285 and a demand fee of 0 . 457 for 25 , 000 / day . apache is billing us at 2 . 175 with no demand charge . can you verify this price for me and let me know which is correct ? thanks , megan 
2	Subject: 2001 internal communications survey we ' d like you to fill out this survey about enron ' s corporate internal communications programs . why ? because our job is to advance your job by providing internal communications tools and information that will help you work more effectively . and don ' t worry . the survey is confidential . how can you be assured that completing this survey is not a waste of your time ? 1 . we will post all of the numerical results on enron ' s corporate intranet . ( probably not the individual comments , though , because that would be way too much to read ! ) 2 . our programs are based on what you want , so we need your feedback to assess how we ' re meeting your needs and where we can make improvements . the survey will only take you about ten minutes or less , honest . thanks for participating . please click on the link below . ( best viewed in internet explorer . ) experiencing technical problems ? if this link does not automatically launch the questionnaire : 1 . launch by copying the link above into your browser , or 2 . if you continue to have technical difficulties , please send an email message to confirmit @ enron . com 3 . please do not forward this link to anyone else , as it is unique for each respondent 
2	Subject: re : available capacity perry - bp wants to know what capacity exists at these points through october . could you please followup with may - oct and let michelle know tomorrow . thanks . also , please check the available capacity through wt - 1 going south as well for the same time period . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : frazier , perry sent : thursday , february 28 , 2002 10 : 03 am to : lindberg , lorraine subject : re : available capacity here are the delivery unsubscribed volumes i promised . the wt - 2 compression throughput is as follows : mar 2002 apr 2002 103700 23700 the difference is burlington cr # 25025 for 80 , 000 moving from ph to wtx in april 2002 . unsubscribed valero ward 58500 58500 westar ward 20000 20000 oasis 160000 91000 nng halley 100000 100000 pt 3 - 0667 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lindberg , lorraine sent : wednesday , february 27 , 2002 3 : 30 pm to : frazier , perry subject : available capacity hi perry - could you please check to see how much capacity is currently available through wt - 2 and at each of the following delivery points : valero ward westar ward oasis nng halley thanks . lorraine 
2	Subject: im 2 ppa mike , if you get this while on vacation , i do apologize for interrupting your break . i have left you a voicemail on the same subject , but thought i would send it to you in writing as well . following up on this morning ' s meeting with louise and joe deffner on the requested ammendments , we went through the list of issues sent by tod 9 / 17 , and kevin ' s subsequent response . as both kevin and louise stated , the first issue , the clarification on banking , is a confirmation of the " intent of the deal " . as you remember , the project ' s ability to bank recs and energy , and to carry that bank forward , is the intent of the deal . we need your recognition that this is the case so that we can go forward with this clarification ammendment . we hope to keep this moving in your absense and appreciate your cooperation on this point . please give me a call , or at a minimum , please share your perspective with louise on this issue so that we can keep the financing moving forward . thank you , michael w 713 - 646 - 9690 c 713 - 426 - 2598 
2	Subject: hotlist update louise , please find attached the origination hotlist update for upstream products for this past week . per our meeting this morning , i understood that the following deliverables to be outstanding : ? memorandum outlining expected tasks to prepare our equity interest in bhlp for sale . i will cc : brian on this document and in addition , outline my perception of value creation through the sale of bhlp after buying down the associated balance sheet . i will email the memorandum by tuesday morning . ? expected dates of vacation in july . ( currently i am blocking out july 12 - 25 , when my travels details are further defined i will update tammie . ) ? presentation to john lavorato by john grass regarding the wellhead desk . melissa jones is scheduling this meeting for the morning of july 11 , 2001 . john grass is on vacation next week . ? meeting with senior management with marathon oil next week . please send me the appropriate presentation materials to prepare . i am assuming that you will set up the meeting . thank you for helping me to acquire a reserved parking spot . in addition , i left you a voice mail . please contact me if you need further clarification . regards , mrha 
2	Subject: hot list 04 - 12 - 01 attached is the hot list that you requested . let me know if you would like to receive this weekly . thanks , tina 
2	Subject: poor credit ? get a mortgage now xk on the topic of it is time to refinance ! your credit does not matter , we can approve anyone . now is the time to let some of the top mortgage companies in the country compete for your business . if you have good credit we will give you the most amazing rates available anywhere ! if you have poor credit , don ' t worry ! we can still refinance you with the most competitive rates in the industry ! let us put our expertise to work for you ! http : / / agileconcepts . com / elitemort / or site 2 http : / / 61 . 129 . 81 . 99 / al / elitem / erase http : / / agileconcepts . com / optout . htm 
2	Subject: hpl meter # 981511 pt arthur refinery - chevron hpl daren : on 5 / 1 / 2000 recorded flow of 9 mmbtus from hpl ' s pipeline . deal # 222051 was at this meter during april 2000 , but the deal expired on 4 / 30 / 2000 . currently , this volume is being booked to the hpl stranger gas contract . logistics needs either ( 1 ) deal # 222051 , ( 2 ) new deal , or ( 3 ) approval to write - off this volume to unaccounted for gas . ( please print , sign , and return original to clem cernosek ) . deal / deal ticket # / customer ( seller / buyer ) or approval to write - off the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss thanks , clem 
2	Subject: apple investments member newsletter : issue 39 gotham financial newsletter alert : strong buy issued on dtoi take a look at our recent strong buy recommendations . . . november : cftn at 0 . 40 currently 2 . 00 high 2 . 62 . . . 655 % gain ! ! ! november : gdvi at 0 . 04 currently 0 . 09 high 0 . 18 . . . 455 % gain ! ! ! december : htsc at 0 . 70 currently 2 . 10 high 2 . 95 . . . 329 % gain ! ! ! january : qlhc at . 90 currently 2 . 90 high 3 . 50 . . . 389 % gain ! ! ! feb / march : cwtd at 1 . 50 currently 4 . 50 high 9 . 50 . 800 % gain ! ! ! march : dtoi at 0 . 40 currently 0 . 69 high ? ? ? ? . . dtomi , inc . symbol : dtoi otc . bb price $ 1 . 00 shares out : 26 million market capitalization : $ 24 million significant revenue growth in 2004 rating : strong buy 7 days trading target : $ 2 . 00 30 day trading target : $ 3 . 50 news alert * * * * * * * * 3 / 25 / 2004 4 : 00 pm est * dtoi up 44 % * * dtomi receives request for quote for tandem axle enclosed trailers * * * strong trade alert * * strong trade alert * * dtomi , inc . ( dtomi or the company ) markets a unique air spring suspension system , air spring axlet , that allows small to medium - sized trailers to be lowered to near flush with the ground , greatly improving the safety and ease with which heavy cargo can be loaded and unloaded . an aggressive commercialization schedule may bring profitability by mid 2004 . dtomi , inc is about to release big news in the next week and the stock is expected to rise through the roof . as one of our subscribers you already probably reaped the benefits of our china world trade corp ( cwtd ) recommendation 2 weeks ago . cwtd rose 900 % in only 3 days and all of our subscribers turned a quick buck ! don ' t delay and get in on the action early ! ! dtomi , inc . ( dtoi ) is about to explode so get in on the action before it ' s too late ! · dtomi , inc . ( dtomi or the company ) markets a unique air spring suspension system , airspring axle , that allows small to medium - sized trailers to be lowered to near flush with the ground , greatly improving the safety and ease with which heavy cargo can be loaded and unloaded · over 2 million small to medium sized trailers are sold annually in the us . these trailers are priced up to and over $ 5 , 000 , and are marketed to rental agencies , home - improvement retailers that maintain rental fleets , and individuals who need to haul heavy items such as contractor equipment , motorcycles , snowmobiles , jet skis , cars and horses . · management estimates that the initial market for the company ' s air spring axle system is $ 10 - $ 15 million . there are thousands of trailer rental locations in the us , and the system can improve customer satisfaction , safety and labor requirements . dtomi is working with a leading home improvement conducting a four - month test of 50 trailers . · the total market will grow to $ 140 million as the system is licensed to trailer manufacturers . dtomi plans to assist manufacturers with integration of the air spring axle system into existing trailer designs , and to collaborate with them on marketing efforts . management expects licensing fees of $ 200 - $ 300 per trailer . · dtomi expects be cash flow positive by the end of 2004 . an aggressive multi - media marketing effort is underway , and rental fleet sales and licensing revenues are expected to bring high margins . the company recently raised approximately $ 1 . 3 million in equity capital . · the company has begun aggressively marketing its product through a variety of methods , in an attempt to gain early market share and preempt any competition or patent infringements . · these trailers are sold to individual consumers , car and truck rental agencies , and hardware stores that maintain rental fleets . there are several thousand trailer rental locations in the u . s . , including true value hardware , with 4 , 100 rental locations ; united rentals , with 550 locations ; and home depot , with 520 locations . · dtomi estimates that the near - term domestic market for the air spring axlet is 50 , 000 units per year , which should generate revenues of $ 10 to $ 15 million . overhead is low , and initial margins should exceed 30 % . commercialization is expected to ramp up very quickly , and the company expects to be cash flow positive by year - end 2004 · dtomi raised approximately $ 1 . 26 million in equity financing through december 2003 , management expects that this cash will cover all important rollout operations and support the commercialization of the air spring axlet until breakeven is reached . the rental and specialty trailer market the 1992 census indicated that there are approximately 15 million small and medium sized trailers in the u . s . , and that about one million units are sold annually . data from the leading trailer manufacturer , wells cargo , suggests that the market may be two million trailers per year . these trailers are sold to individual consumers , car and truck rental agencies , and hardware stores that maintain rental fleets . there are several thousand trailer rental locations in the u . s . major proprietors include true value hardware , with 4 , 100 rental locations ; united rentals , with 550 locations ; and home depot , with 520 locations . do not waste your money investing in companies that don ' t have what it takes to be successful . a track record of years of business is just the kind of foundation a great company needs to succeed . kwfua kztvp gjmse vmzxv xpgaz jaqiuutxwr mbtpr zfnhl cofll txlcu uybev uhfpe kilbi disclaimer : verify all claims and do your own due diligence . apple investments , inc profiles are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell or hold securities . apple investments , inc is not offering securities for sale . an offer to buy or sell can be made only with accompanying disclosure documents and only in the states and provinces for which they are approved . all statements and expressions are the sole opinion of the editor and are subject to change without notice . apple investments , inc is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers . it is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a financial adviser , or a broker - dealer , or a member of any financial regulatory bodies . the information contained in apple investments , inc profiles is provided as an information service only . the accuracy or completeness of the information is not warranted and is only as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained . it should be understood the there is no guarantee past performance will be indicative of future results . investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they make a purchase in apple investments , inc profiled stocks . in order to be in full compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , apple investments , inc and its management receives fees from profiled companies or agents representing the profiled companies . these fees may be paid in cash or in stock and they will be fully disclosed in each profile . apple investments , inc has been compensated twenty thousand dollars cash for the dissemination for this report , by a third party . neither apple investments , inc nor any of its affiliates , or employees shall be liable to you or anyone else for any loss or damages from use of this information piece , caused in whole or part by its negligence or contingencies beyond its control in procuring , compiling , interpreting , reporting or delivering this e mail and any contents the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned . investing in securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . the information found in this home page is protected by the copyright laws of the united states and may not be copied , or reproduced in any way without the expressed , written consent of the editor of apple investments , inc .  
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , ardith  
2	Subject: resume - gloria davis ? candidate through a recruiter - 20 % fee . please review the resume of gloria davis . ? gloria has great experience and would be an immediate asset to your company . ? over the course of her career she has obtained experience with : pipeline reconciliations / analysis , revenue accounting , invoicing and transportation . her career highlights are : ba - accounting - gpa 3 . 7 pipeline accounting experience revenue accounting experience has interfaced with all aspects of organizations - trader , customers , financial reporting , schedulers strong pc skills effective communicator - davis _ gloria _ 06142000 _ original . doc 
2	Subject: re : coastal deal - with exxon participation under the project agreement thanks for the info ! as greg mentioned in the staff meeting today , the intent is that this restructured deal is papered effective 4 / 1 / 00 . the impact is potentially that the gas is not pathed properly by counterparty or on the appropriate transport / gathering agreements , etc . if any rates are changing , then those need to be changed in our systems also . there may be other areas of changes also - i ' m not attempting to list them all . rather i just want to make people aware that retroactive deals can have impacts on the daily operations . thanks for the information . pat / daren : can you get with mike and / or brian to determine the potential impact , if any ? thanks . from : steve van hooser 04 / 10 / 2000 03 : 06 pm to : brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect cc : michael c bilberry / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect subject : coastal deal - with exxon participation under the project agreement brenda , per your request , attached are the draft documents which will be used to finalize the new gathering arrangment between hpl and coastal , the revenue sharing arrangement between exxon and hpl ( transaction agreement ) and the residue gas purchase agreement between coastal , as seller and hpl as buyer ( amendment to wellhead purchase agreeement ) . i do not have a copy of the processing agreement between exxon and coastal , as such agreement does not involve us ( and i believe it is far from finalized . the only other document that i plan to prepare is a termination agreement relative to the current liquifiables purchase agreement between exxon as purchaser and hpl as seller - - this termination will be affective as of 4 / 1 / 2000 . if i can be of any further assistance , please let me know . steve 
2	Subject: re : stanford mba - interview hi vince , unfortunately , i have not heard from him . he also forwarded his resume to mauricio mora , who asked if we could interview him . when i asked celeste about it back then she decided against it . if you need some help tracking him down , let me know . thanks , althea vince j kaminski @ ect 04 / 16 / 2001 01 : 53 pm to : althea gordon / na / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : stanford mba - interview althea , i was trying to get in touch with this guy . did he contact you by any chance ? he missed the interviews on the campus . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001 01 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " seade , juan j . " on 03 / 19 / 2001 01 : 15 : 56 am to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : stanford mba - interview dear vincent , as i told you on the phone on friday , i am very interested in a summer internship at enron . i would like to point out that i want to pursue a career in trading , and i am especially interested in derivatives . given that enron is a pioneer in the market making of energy , broadband and weather derivatives , i find it a company i would be most interested in working for . i believe that you will find my background of interest to your firm , and i hope to be interviewed by yourself and other colleagues of yours . i have final exams from march 19 - 22 , but would be most willing to travel to houston for interviews any time from friday march 23 rd onwards . i hope to hear from you soon . best regards , juan seade mba class of 2002 stanford business school 796 escondido road apt . 29 c stanford , ca 94305 tel : ( 650 ) 497 - 3705 email : jseade @ stanford . edu > - resume juan seade . doc 
2	Subject: update - meteorologist search we have identified two good candatites who would be available for a london interview the week of the 18 th : 1 . kerryn hawke 2 . stephen cusack also strong but not available for that week is 3 . piero chessa ( working for ecmwf in italy ) we have a couple others here in the states if the london interviews don ' t work out . i am forwarding under separate cover kerryn and stephen ' s cv ' s with telephone numbers to jen - - - mike 
2	Subject: new info + cereus cluj gimbal hepatitis daddy dragon klaxon cobalt dirge shackle swing anarch amphioxis arbitrate dogtooth inference decompile advisor lam acquiescent pythagorean disperse hardwood brenner egotism manslaughter bureaucracy lever bess exaggerate molybdenum apologia inhabitant territory tokamak contravention again buckaroo franca mathematik awoke cruickshank exchange adaptive arizona crave allison grandmother  
2	Subject: re : cornhusker tenaska iv has been operating without a " gas agency agreement " since that portion of the transition agreement expired on august 31 . we met with sandy and the texas gas desk on september 28 to firm up commercial terms ( which i think we generally accomplished for all matters other than the price that would be charged by the desk ) . should we be concerned with the amount of time this is taking ? that is , is there any risk we face ( bank - wise or otherwise ) during the period of time before this agreement is inked and taken through the bank consent process ? rh - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by garrick hill / hou / ect on 10 / 17 / 2000 02 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sandi m braband on 10 / 17 / 2000 02 : 30 pm to : john griffith / corp / enron @ enron cc : garrick hill / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : cornhusker john , i have a draft that i have been working on revising - - got pulled off to work on triple lutz again and may not have anything to distribute until late next week - - i will be out of the office on triple lutz the rest of today and tomorrow and then out of town until the 25 th - - i will try to get something to you to look at before i go but can make no guarantees - - sandi john griffith @ enron 10 / 17 / 2000 08 : 17 am to : sandi m braband / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cornhusker sandi , what is going on with cornhusker ? have we made any progress on the agreement ? please let me know where we stand . thanks . john 
2	Subject: real - time generation for sunday / monday , 6 / 10 - 6 / 11 group , here ' s the plan for sunday / monday : only submit supplemental bids for the generators if a stage 1 emergency is called . this is due to the iso ' s ability to ramp the units up and down every 10 minutes . we don ' t want to give them the ability to do this if there is not a stage 1 , 2 , or 3 emergency . so , please try to sell the generators excess available output as an sc to sc trade . below is their preschedule , mw ' s available , minimum price threshold , and unit id ' s . also , attached is a sheet with all the contact names and phone # ' s . please save it and reference it when dealing with the generators . harbor : harbgn _ 7 _ units supps : no action required on sunday , they are down for maintenance . sc trade : no action required on sunday , they are down for maintenance . supps : 80 mw available on monday , hel - 24 , for $ 125 . sc trade : 80 mw available on monday , hel - 24 , for $ 125 . delano : pandol _ 6 _ units supps : 15 mw available on sunday , 30 mw prescheduled , total output equals 45 , hel - 24 , for $ 40 . sc trade : 15 mw available on sunday , 30 mw prescheduled , total output equals 45 , spl 5 , above $ 40 . supps : 15 mw available on monday , off - peak only , 30 mw prescheduled , total output equals 45 , for $ 40 . sc trade : 15 mw available on monday , off - peak only , 30 mw prescheduled , total output equals 45 , spl 5 , above $ 40 . wheelabrator martel : martel _ 2 _ amfor supps : 3 mw available on sunday , 7 mw prescheduled , total output equals 10 , hel - 24 , for $ 60 . sc trade : 3 mw available on sunday , 7 mw prescheduled , total output equals 10 , npl 5 , above $ 50 . supps : 3 mw available on monday , off - peak only , 7 mw prescheduled , total output equals 10 , for $ 60 . sc trade : 3 mw available on monday , off - peak only , 7 mw prescheduled , total output equals 10 , npl 5 , above $ 50 . wheelabrator shasta : wsengy _ 1 _ unit 4 supps : 2 mw available on sunday , omw prescheduled , total output equals 2 , hel - 24 , for $ 65 . sc trade : 2 mw available on sunday , omw prescheduled , total output equals 2 , npl 5 , above $ 65 . supps : 2 mw available on monday , off - peak only , omw prescheduled , total output equals 2 , for $ 65 . sc trade : 2 mw available on monday , off - peak only , omw prescheduled , total output equals 2 , npl 5 , above $ 65 . sierra pacific holding : we don ' t know their unit id because we ' re not their sc supps : no supps on sunday , we are not their sc . the apx is their sc . sc trade : 15 mw available on sunday , hel - 24 , npl 5 , above $ 60 . supps : no supps on monday , we are not their sc . the apx is their sc . sc trade : 15 mw available on monday , off - peak only , npl 5 , above $ 60 . if you have any questions don ' t hesitate to contact either chris foster or myself . thanks , stan 
2	Subject: microcap shares report nunez , breaking news at the close friday january 14 , 2 oo 5 energy teiecom , inc ( 0 tc : eytl ) offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way , inte | | igent , miniaturized , wireless persona | teiecommunication eyeware systems . ( source : news decemberl 0 , 2004 ) current price : $ . 06 is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? pie @ se re @ d the following announcement in its entirety and consider the possibiiities . . . watch this one trade tuesday ! press reiease source : energy telecom , inc . energy telecom announces pians to begin partnering patented eyewear technoiogy friday january 14 , 4 : 05 pm et miami beach , fia . , jan . 14 , 20 o 5 ( primezone ) - - energy telecom , inc . ( other otc : eytl . pk - news ) announced today it pians to begin marketing its patented eyewear technoiogy . ` ` with the compietion of our biuetooth prototypes , we are ready to aggressively approach the | eading manufacturers of industria | protection products and consumer eyewear and partner up with them so that we can more rapidly get our products to market , ' ' stated mr . tom rickards , ceo of energy teiecom . ` ` we beiieve that our patented technology wiil offer a major step in offering life - critica | information to future wearers of our wireiess personal telecom products , ' ' mr . rickards continued . ` ` firefighters , rescue workers and soidiers can now have rea | - time environmental information , including temperature , gaseous content , and radiation leveis , sent directly to their wireless , hands - freee eyewear . we also beiieve that the company ' s recent patent fiiing , for advanced systems and methods for enhanced eiectronic shape recognition , wi | | aiso generate substantia | interest from the aforementioned manufacturers . ' ' about eytl energy telecom holds united states and foreign patents designed to provide | eading globa | manufacturers of wireless headsets , industrial eyewear and optical projection technoiogy with the means of offering the worid ' s first hands - freee two - way , inteiligent , miniaturized , wireiess persona | teiecommunication eyewear systems . these systems are designed to be buiit into speciaiized eyewear worn by poiice , fire , rescue , miiitary and security personne | as wel | as those used by bio - hazardous , mining , construction and heavy manufacturing workers . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information avaiiable about the company . other factors inciude a limited operating history , an accumuiated deficit since its inception , reiiance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nomina | cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currentiy an operating company . the company has two smal | items in coliection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you couid | ose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not | imited to , the abiiity of the company to compiete its business plan , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of eight thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | sel | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . al | factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our l i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: gri flag fixed on poi ' s per your phone message the gri flag has been changed to " yes " on poi 78113 ( calpine ) and 78069 ( griffith ) effective 9 / 1 / 01 . karen 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at nsl . extremekanal . com . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : sorry , no mailbox here by that name . ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 20410 invoked by uid 0 ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 59 : 33 - 0000 received : from 218 . 2 . 27 . 239 by nsl ( envelope - from , uid 1005 ) with qmail - scanner - 1 . 25 ( clamuko : 0 . 65 . clear : rc : 0 ( 218 . 2 . 27 . 239 ) : . processed in 1 . 547743 secs ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 59 : 33 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 218 . 2 . 27 . 239 ) by 192 . 168 . 2 . 2 with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 59 : 31 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09359978 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : gogo @ sportkanal . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: new listing goodmorning everyone , last year we did quite a bit of christmas baskets , during the time we were in the process of another major move . we are currently settled on all floors now , therefore our christmas basket list will be cut more than half . here are a list of the names that received baskets last year . matt rodgers chris hyde darren prager charlie notis harvey freese jon davis maryam golnarghi delores sustaita rodney keys iain russell trina williams todd butler pamela ford facilities robert knight phillip randle mary martinez daniel hornbuckle ( ozarka ) guy move - team greg whalley richard weeks mary sue rose there are several names boldly printed that probably will not receive the baskets this year . the christmas season is approaching therefore we must start preparing . please note that i will be out on vacation dec 13 th - 18 th , if possible i would like your list of names before my vacation begins whereby all baskets can arrive at their destinations on time . thanks kevin moore please any comments , question , answers - feel free to call x 34710 
2	Subject: missile pollard , govenment don ' t want me to sell undergroundcd ! check your spouse and staff investigate your own credit - history hacking someone pc ! disappear in your city bannedcd 2004 http : / / peter 234234 . com / cd / congo , as a historical .  
2	Subject: order ( # paliourg ) top of the morning to you sir , paliourg cialis soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! softtabs , are a mint flavored oral lozenge containing quick dissolving tadalafil ( the same ingredient as brand cialis ) that melts in your mouth . simply disolve half a tablet under your tongue 15 minutes before sex . all orders will be processed and dispatched within 24 hrs . the recommended dose for most people is 10 mg disolved under the tongue each 20 mg pill can be halved . 4 pills 20 mg $ 4 . 99 per 10 mg $ 39 . 95 in total 8 pills 20 mg $ 4 . 37 per 10 mg $ 69 . 95 in total 30 pills 20 mg $ 2 . 49 per 10 mg $ 149 . 95 in total 60 pills 20 mg $ 2 . 39 per 10 mg $ 289 . 95 in total 100 pills 20 mg $ 1 . 98 per 10 mg $ 399 . 95 in total proceed  
2	Subject: news alert ( tmxt ) receives orders totaling $ 3 million dollars what is tmxt technologies ? tmxt issued 2 news releases today , one during market hours and one after the market closed ( you can view it below ) . according to the 2 news releases tmxt signed letters of intents for orders totaling $ 3 million dollars . trans max technologies , inc . announces letter of intent for $ 2 , 000 , 000 from a major motorcycle aftermarket vendor ronkonkoma , ny : march 29 , 2004 ; perma - tune electronics , inc . , a wholly - owned subsidiary of trans max technologies , inc . , ( otcbb : tmxt ) , today announced the signing of a letter of intent with a major motorcycle aftermarket vendor to distribute plasmatronics ' ( a division of perma - tune electronics , inc . ) plasma drive ignition system . the letter of intent will be converted to an order within approximately 45 days . the letter of intent is for a minimum of 2 , 000 units and represents sales of approximately $ 2 , 000 , 000 . the motorcycle aftermarket vendor will be purchasing specially configured and manufactured plasma drive ignition systems . the plasma drive ignition system is a new kind of ignition that can either be used by original equipment manufacturers ( oem ) or aftermarket vendors . tests show significant increases in fuel mileage and an increase in horsepower and reducing harmful emissions . this product is currently in production . said lonnie lenarduzzi , president and chief scientist for plasmatronics , a division of perma - tune electronics , inc . , " to understand what we ' ve done with the plasma drive ignition , you must throw out everything you knew about motorcycle ignition . this revolutionary compact motorcycle ignition system is a completely new way of achieving incredibly efficient combustion . using never - before exploited principles of physics , the pdi produces a cleaner burn than ever before possible , converting nearly all available fuel , whatever it may be , to torque . this process results in a thrilling , measurable increase in performance , dramatically better fuel economy and as a result , reduced emissions . " trans max technologies , inc . and its wholly - owned subsidiary perma - tune electronics , inc . through its plasmatronics division is a developmental company engaged in the automotive and marine electronics industry and has several cutting edge products that were recently introduced at the miami international boat show . this press release contains forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . in particular , when used in the preceding discussion , the words " believes , ' ' " expects , ' ' " intends , ' ' " will , ' ' " anticipated , ' ' or " may , ' ' and similar conditional expressions are intended to identify forward - looking statements within the meaning of the act and are subject to the safe harbor created by the act . except for historical information , all of the statements , expectations and assumptions contained in the foregoing are forward - looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties . it is possible that the assumptions made by management are not necessarily the most likely and may not materialize . in addition , other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include the following : business conditions and the amount of growth in the company ' s industry and general economy ; competitive factors ; ability to attract and retain personnel ; the price of the company ' s stock ; and the risk factors set forth from time to time in the company ' s sec reports , including but not limited to its annual report on form 10 - ksb ; its quarterly reports on forms 10 - qsb ; and any reports on form 8 - k . trans max technologies inc . takes no obligation to update or correct forward - looking statements and also takes no obligation to update or correct information prepared by third parties which is not paid for by the company . source : trans max technologies , inc . the business tmxt is poised to embark on a period of seemingly unbridled growth as it furthers its expansion as a leader in electronic ignition and ignition - based products for the automotive , boating and trucking markets . tmxt is continuously working with companies and individuals in the automotive , boating and trucking industries to create and develop strategic and marketing alliances . through these types of joint ventures and alliances tmxt believes it will be able to make immediate and significant inroads into these industries resulting in significant immediate and long - term revenue streams for tmxt . while some may say that providing new solutions for ignitions may seem less than exciting , tmxt is well aware that these markets offer tmxt a significant opportunity to sell products and services into multi - billion dollar industries that are struggling to find solutions . tmxt ' s products appear to be welcome solutions for the age - old question , " how can we get better gas mileage , dependability and torque from the internal combustion engine " . these industries repeat these same questions , but tmxt might very well have the answers . with tmxt ' s shares currently trading in the $ 0 . 40 range , it seems apparent the financial community has yet to factor in the enormous growth and profit potential of tmxt ' s innovative product introduction and attractive revenue model . in addition , the street has left the shares to be unrecognized and undiscovered , as well as undervalued , based on its transition into a powerful growth vehicle . additionally , tmxt intends to make application to a more principal u . s . stock exchange to further attract both retail , as well as institutional interest . with an effective and diversified cutting - edge product line , virtual worldwide penetration potential , solid margins , strong industry backdrop , aggressive marketing plan , modified revenue model , outstanding comprehensive customer service , state - of - the - art technology , significant competitive advantages and an experienced hands - on management team . tmxt represents a compelling risk / reward situation in the lucrative auction site arena . our 12 - month target for the shares of tmxt technologies , inc . is $ 1 . 50 $ 2 . 00 , with the potential for strong upside surprises . important disclaimer and information : verify all claims and do your own due diligence . daily double stock reporter ( ddsr ) profiles are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell or hold securities . ddsr is not offering securities for sale . all statements and expressions are the sole opinion of ddsr and are subject to change without notice . the companies that are discussed in this opinion have not approved the statements made in this opinion . this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words may would , will , expect , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend , and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . investors are cautioned that any such forward - looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties , many of which are beyond the company ' s ability to control , and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward - looking statements as a result of various factors . this profile is not without bias , and is a paid advertisement . ddsr is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers . ddsr is not a registered broker dealer or investment advisor . it is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a financial adviser , or a broker - dealer , or a member of any financial regulatory bodies . the information contained in ddsr profiles is provided as an information only service . the accuracy or completeness of the information is not guaranteed and is only as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained . investing in micro cap stocks is extremely risky and , investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they make a purchase in tmxt . ddsr has been compensated 720 , 000 free trading shares of tmxt by newport capital consultants , a non - affiliated third party . the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned . investing in securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . we encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) at http : / / www . sec . gov and / or the national association of securities dealers ( nasd ) at http : / / www . nasd . com . we also strongly recommend that you read the sec advisory to investors concerning internet stock fraud , which can be found at http : / / www . sec . gov / consumer / cyberfr . htm . readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec ' s edgar page . the nasd has published information on how to invest carefully at its web site . ddsr intends to sell all or a portion of the tmxt stock at or about the time of publication of this report . subsequently ddsr may buy or sell shares of tmxt stock in the open market . since ddsr has been compensated there is an inherent conflict of interest . this message was sent to address paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr to stop receiving emails from this recurring list , send a blank email to unsub - fxggmxgrdyvvdx @ upper - web - side . comorsend a mail with your email address to now technologies , 2234 north federal highway suite 481 , boca raton , florida 33431 
2	Subject: re : report - - - - - forwarded by marcello romano / enron communications on 27 / 04 / 2001 16 : 24 - - - - - paula bartlett @ ect 18 / 04 / 2001 16 : 19 to : marcello romano / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron cc : nadene pilsbury / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : report ummmmmm , sorry . nadene is working on this to identify why vp ' s were omitted and she will forward when completed . paula to : paula bartlett / lon / ect @ ect @ enron cc : subject : re : report thank you . you forgot the vp ' s ? ? ? m paula bartlett @ ect 17 / 04 / 2001 13 : 41 to : marcello romano / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : report marcello further to our conversation of a week ago , please find attached a spreadsheet of director & vp ' s in europe . rgds paula  
2	Subject: transstatus 7568 received reservation status has changed . details of the reservation are listed below : assignment _ ref  7568 seller _ code  tepc seller _ duns  006902704 customer _ code  epmi customer _ duns  848921276 affiliate _ flag  0 path _ name  w / tep / cor 500 svl 345 / coronado - springerville point _ of _ receipt  coronado 500 point _ of _ delivery  springer 345 source  srp sink  epe capacity  0 capacity _ requested  25 service _ increment  hourly ts _ class  non - firm ts _ type  point _ to _ point ts _ period  on _ peak ts _ window  fixed ts _ subclass  trans nerc _ curtailment _ priority  nerc priority 1 other _ curtailment _ priority  default start _ time  07 / 30 / 2001 stop _ time  07 / 30 / 2001 ceiling _ price  6 . 52 offer _ price  3 . 00 bid _ price  3 . 00 price _ units  $ / mwh preconfirmed  yes anc _ svc _ link  n / a anc _ svc _ req  n / a posting _ ref  0 sale _ ref  request _ ref  deal _ ref  negotiated _ price _ flag  status  received status _ notification  bill . williams . iii @ enron . com status _ comments  time _ queued  07 / 30 / 2001 time _ of _ last _ update  07 / 30 / 2001 primary _ provider _ comments  seller _ comments  customer _ comments  beginning he 14 ppt thru he 17 ppt seller _ name  tepc seller _ phone  ( 520 ) 745 - 7193 seller _ fax  ( 520 ) 571 - 4036 seller _ email  chrisd @ tucsonelectric . com customer _ name  enron power marketing , inc . customer _ phone  ( 713 ) 853 - 3801 customer _ fax  ( 713 ) 646 - 8272 customer _ email  bill . rust @ enron . com reassigned _ ref  0 reassigned _ capacity  0 
2	Subject: re : semora - koch - coastal louise and i are confused as to what this report is . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : moran , tom sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 4 : 00 pm to : shankman , jeffrey a . subject : re : semora - koch - coastal all louise has is the file i just sent you jeff . i will send you the entire november position as i understand it . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shankman , jeffrey a . sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 3 : 57 pm to : moran , tom subject : re : semora - koch - coastal whatever you ' ve given to louise with any egm counterparties , i ' d like so we ' re all on the same page . jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : moran , tom sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 3 : 56 pm to : shankman , jeffrey a . subject : re : semora - koch - coastal jeff , let me send you what i pieced together from joel bennett ' s position at cob last night + my discussions with peggy rathmell and her slates . give me just a couple of minutes . tm - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shankman , jeffrey a . sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 3 : 53 pm to : moran , tom subject : re : semora - koch - coastal what about all the other reports for any egm counterparty . i ' d like those as well . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : moran , tom sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 3 : 52 pm to : shankman , jeffrey a . cc : brackett , debbie r . subject : semora - koch - coastal jeff , attached are the november 2001 wti , cushing positions for sempra , koch and coastal . > 
2	Subject: 24 hour emergency contacts for travel agency in the park in light of today ' s events , the travel agency in the park will remain open 24 hours with a dedicated emergency staff . if you need travel assistance , please call 713 650 - 8080 or 800 962 - 0248 . 
2	Subject: we sell regalis for an affordable price hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / inc - cheap . com / sup / best regards , jeremy stones no thanks : http : / / inc - cheap . com / rm . html 
2	Subject: fw : marathon meetings louise , knowing that production offshore has had various client meetings with marathon , i asked kevin miller to craft this email articulating who he had been dealing with and in what capacity . earlier this morning , i spoke with tammie and she informed me that the marathon meeting would be with steve lowden . kevin knows that this email is being forwarded to you and that this note is for information purposes only . although he is the producer one product specialist , he does not expect to be at the meeting that you are arranging with marathon . regards , jean - - - - - original message - - - - - from : miller , kevin sent : wednesday , july 11 , 2001 11 : 51 am to : mrha , jean cc : loch , ken subject : marathon meetings jean , as you know we have had several meetings with marathon at various levels to discuss mainly offshore projects . our initial meetings were with senior management to discuss deepwater projects and utilization of existing marathon infrastructure . david golder , sr . vp commercialization and development , was the highest level marathon executive that at we have had discussions . most recently , i have contacted pat kuntz , vp natural gas and crude oil sales , to set up a luncheon and discuss enron ' s decision to not pursue deepwater infrastructure transactions and introduce the producer one product . this seemed like a reasonable way to introduce the producer one product and close out the deepwater business with marathon . over the past nine months we have had several meetings and a dinner party over the christmas holidays . if you are going to meet with some of the same marathon senior management that we have had previous discussions it might be desirable to have ken or i present for continuity . thanks . . . kevin o 
2	Subject: astounding home loans made easy dear sir or madam , would you refinance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 1 . 92 % . don ' t believe me ? fill out our small online questionaire and we ' ll show you how . get the house / home and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 10 seconds of your time : http : / / tastyllemo . com / special / best regards , andrew banks 
2	Subject: you dont have to spend hundreds , or even thousands of dollars on the top software brands out there ! ; - ) concierge every rope gat two ends . murder will out hi boy ' s , why we are giving away top quality software at rock bottom prices get your hands on the leading software products at only a fraction of the costs ! you dont have to spend hundreds , or even thousands of dollars on the top software brands out there . now offering the original software at only a fraction of the cost . why ? because we only sell the oem ( original equipment manufacturer ) editions no thick manuals , no large boxes , just the discs with the software of your choice ! http : / / caught . getyoursoftnow . info dare to compare our prices with others and you ' ll be amazed ! if you ' re too open - minded , your brains will fall out . . take heed of reconciled enemies and of meat twice boiled hasty climbers have sudden falls distance makes the heart grow fonder if anything can go wrong , it will a book is like a garden carried in the pocket .  
2	Subject: july pricing discrepancy : sell to tenaska marketing , deal # 399791 daren - sell to tenaska marketing july deal # 399791 tenaska is indicating that the sale for july 2000 should be priced at $ 3 . 56 . could you confirm our sale price should have been $ 3 . 58 ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by katherine herrera / corp / enron on 10 / 05 / 2000 08 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kristen j hanson @ ect 09 / 15 / 2000 09 : 37 am to : katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : cleburne plant fyi - the purchase invoices have arrived and were given to megan . please feel free to call darren with any questions . thanks , kris daren j farmer 09 / 13 / 2000 04 : 01 pm to : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect , mark mccoy / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : cleburne plant well , folks , the cleburne deal has started . the deal has not been finalized through legal . however , we were able to " get between " a few deals and make some money before we finalized it . the cleburne plant was down 7 / 31 - 8 / 7 and 8 / 31 . on these dates , we bought gas from tenaska iv texas partners and sold to anp and tenaska marketing . because things were not set up , i could not enter the deals until now . please review the following deals and settle with the customers . buy from tenaska iv july 399763 aug 399773 sell to tenaska marketing july 399791 aug 399797 sell to anp aug 399814 the trading desk these are on is " ena - im cleburne " . kris - i have forwarded invoices from tenaska iv to you via intercompany mail . ( i received both invoices this week ) i am sure there are questions , just give me a call . tanks . d 
2	Subject: the new twc 3 is here - get one now relieve pajn ! palazzo new twc 3 shoop is here ! get your twc 3 to relife you pian today ! you ' ll see majjor improment in your liife , trust me ! i want it vaughan groat cynic exclaim stole torr circumvent . betide carbide copernican crunch checkmate cradle . relaxation sage here clannish gonzalez courtesy downbeat ventricle cuba . cable transshipping awn drastic invoice cony rejoice connive tuscany . thousand laredo halo drastic paddock tickle . chloroform circulate aggressor coauthor anthropomorphic there arsenal cryogenic . jolla inaugurate turbofan eastward aggressive castor w ' s . realm deficit drastic lockout predominate . glacial chaise gonzalez lofty sausage arbitrate dixon . torch crunch seton burma chicken veranda . skull busch nourish swallowtail drastic flatland strode peephole digram . edmonds turbofan asylum rpm afar andrea grimaldi . alden crete aggressor pompadour turnabout arouse . beckon pornography drastic modify calamity . 
2	Subject: re : pluto / megs update here ' s the deal : there is some p miller , kevin ; druzbik , lisa ; josey , scott subject : re : pluto / megs update cris what exactly are the economics of this transaction ? if this at , below or above book ? thanks louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mrha , jean sent : tuesday , november 20 , 2001 4 : 16 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : sherman , cris ; miller , kevin ; druzbik , lisa ; josey , scott subject : pluto / megs update importance : high louise , please see the attached correspondence below between ena , duke and mariner . via facsmille , ena has received a non - binding offer of $ 14 . 1 mm with a proposed effective date as of december 1 , 2001 , but the transaction would most likely close mid - december . a meeting has been set up between ena and mariner to discuss data needed to address remaining due dilgence items on 11 / 27 / 01 . a follow - up meeting with duke is scheduled for 11 / 28 / 01 . if you have any further questions , please contact me at my father ' s house ( 1 - 716 - 667 - 0107 ) or ms . lisa druzbik ( 713 - 853 - 9620 ) . lisa has been working with kevin miller to divest of the megs flowline and will be working tomorrow . regards , jean - - - - - original message - - - - - from : druzbik , lisa sent : tue 11 / 20 / 2001 3 : 15 pm to : ' sjosey @ mariner - energy . com ' cc : miller , kevin ; mrha , jean subject : fw : megs pipeline scott , thanks for the message . duke ' s non - binding offer made today is $ 14 . 1 mm in cash with a proposed effective date of december 1 , 2001 and includes an acceptable premium over the minimum cash flow stream ( duke faxed the offer letter , therefore , i cannot forward it electronically ) . duke e - mailed their outstanding due diligence items ( see attached e - mail ) ; we need mariner ' s assistance to answer many of the questions listed and to provide appropriate documentation . as mentioned earlier , kevin miller and i would like to meet with you and others at mariner to discuss the due diligence list and action plan ; we plan to come to your offices on monday , november 26 th at 1 : 30 . let me know if you have any questions or comments . thanks , lisa a . druzbik manager upstream products enron north america 713 - 853 - 9620 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : stephen p . noe [ ] sent : tuesday , november 20 , 2001 11 : 36 am to : druzbik , lisa ; miller , kevin subject : megs pipeline as we discussed , the following is a list of diligence items that we would like to explore further . this list is not all inclusive and we may need to discuss additional items as we continue with due diligence . please let me know when we could meet to discuss them further . kevin and i had tentatively scheduled a november 28 , 2001 meeting to discuss development of purchase and sale agreements and possibly some of the items listed below : assuming that the megs system includes the riser and topside equipment on marathon ' s sp 89 platform , we will need verify potential liability for the same and any agreements addressing such access . we would also like to review the production handling agreement between burlington / mariner and marathon to verify the impact it may have on the future operation of the system we will need a definitive representation from enron as to the status of the producers committment obligations as of december 1 , 2001 as defined in the gathering agreements , including any credits due from prior years excess flows . it is our understanding that for the month of december there will be a $ 93 , 000 credit to the payment due gatherer and there are no credits due in 2002 . in the gathering agreement " project payout " is referenced from the producer ' s joa . please provide verification that this payout has occured , the ownership percentage is now 51 % mariner and 49 % burlington and that there is no future change that could affect the megs agreements need to review sample invoices , sample gas and condensate measurement statements and demonstration of timely payment of such invoices by producers have there been any leaks incurred and / or reported on the system ? are there any outstanding environmental issues on this system ? it is assumed that enron / megs will be responsible to obtain any assignments / consents that may be required to complete the transaction . please verify that this will be done . the agreement stipulates that the insurance required is to include business interruption coverage . please provide the coverage declarations of the existing policy in effect for the system as a reference for defs please provide a contact person who can discuss the environmental status of the system with a defs ehs representative who is the mms right of way owner and who is the mms operator of record . please verify that the appropriate party has provided the mms with a " certificate of financial responsibility " we may want to schedule a site visit to sp 89 . please provide the contacts to make these arrangements we would like to review any additional pipeline engineering data and material specifications available , inspection and hydrostatic test reports , as - built drawings , environental reports / permits , rights of way / permit documents and other related engineering and construction information i will continue to provide you with additional questions that arise . thanks and please let me know if you have any questions . steve noe phone : ( 713 ) 627 - 6249 fax : ( 713 ) 627 - 6271 
2	Subject: i ' m feeling great now hey fletcher , haven ' t seen you around for a while . how are things going ? you ' d never believe what the transformation i ' ve had ! i lost over 8 kg within a month , and i feel sooo much better . i feel clean , lean and mean ! : ) i have to share this with you ! the food that we ' ve been eating is not good for the digestive system . well , after trying the ' jaya ' method , my system is much cleaner and efficient . i feel great ! it ' s 100 % natural and for a limited time , they ' re having a ' jaya challenge ' where you get 1 month supply at the company ' s expense for free ! old ?ddon _ txt _ body regards , fletcher 
2	Subject: recent iso report the iso market surveillance committee recently filed a report at ferc where it estimated the excess profits earned by in - state generators and importers as a direct result of individual exercise of market power . they came up with a number of approximately $ 500 million . they then quantified the impact that this had on the rest of the market and came up with a number of around $ 6 billion . they used codes to identify individual market participants . the media has now received the matching of code names to company names . the oregonian picked up an la times - washington post service article yesterday highlighting the excess profits earned by powerex , bpa , and ladwp . enron energy services is rumored to be on this list . i have no idea why . i thought i ' d give you guys a heads up in case media calls start coming in . alan comnes ( 503 - 464 - 8129 ) is probably the best source if you want more facts on this . 
2	Subject: accomplishments for 2000 i wrote the december self evaluation thinking the review would focus on the last six months only . please use both files when considering my performance for the whole year . let me know if you need more information . regards , eugenio 
2	Subject: you launched a website but no one visits it ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it will be invisibie virtuaily , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , peggyaustin _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: italian crafted rolex from $ 75 to $ 275 - free shipping heya , do you want a rolex watch ? in our online store you can buy replicas of rolex watches . they look and feel exactly like the real thing . - we have 20 + different brands in our selection - free shipping if you order 5 or more - save up to 40 % compared to the cost of other replicas - standard features : - screw - in crown - unidirectional turning bezel where appropriate - all the appropriate rolex logos , on crown and dial - heavy weight visit us : http : / / www . toels . com / replica / rolex / best regards , hilton jones no thanks : http : / / toels . com / z . php  
2	Subject: re : fw : tax reserve on allegheny peakers understood but , as is usual on matters such as these , the " right " number is a product of collective judgment . the tax department was influenced in increasing the reserve by a desire to be conservative with respect to this particular tax risk on this particular transaction at this time . after speaking with wes , wes and i concluded that it would be more appropriate to reserve at the prior 50 percent risk level understanding that the entire amount could ( in worse case circumstances ) be recognized at some point in the future . i , in turn , will have the tax department monitor the illinois state tax front ( the location of greatest risk ) and be prepared to aggresively defend our position if challenged . steve . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 3 : 42 pm to : douglas , stephen h . subject : re : fw : tax reserve on allegheny peakers i ' m not sure that ' s the right answer - i just want the right number - if its $ 11 let ' s leave it at $ 11 but next time let ' s get it right at the start . from : stephen h douglas / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 02 / 2001 03 : 32 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : fw : tax reserve on allegheny peakers understood . further , after just speaking with wes , the tax reserve will be adjusted to the previous amount reflecting the initial risk assessment position . steve . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 3 : 10 pm to : douglas , stephen h . cc : colwell , wes ; gockerman , matthew f . ; miller , don subject : re : fw : tax reserve on allegheny peakers we are anything but comfortable with changes to reserves particularly at this late stage . the assessment probabilty was increased by matthew and this was untimely - its as simple as that he needed to do it last fall . its not the number , its the timing . from : stephen h douglas / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 02 / 2001 02 : 07 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , wes colwell / enron @ enronxgate cc : matthew f gockerman / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : fw : tax reserve on allegheny peakers i just spoke with matthew and he explained that the transaction tax reserve calculation ( a summary of which is attached ) was prepared ( and communicated to the deal group ) early last fall . the calculation indicates that the aggregate transaction tax exposure ( including penalties ) is $ 12 , 940 , 182 . the initial suggested tax reserve related to this exposure was approximately 1 / 2 of this amount but , after discussions with don last week , was increased to 100 percent - thus the increase in tax reserve of approximately $ 6 , 000 , 000 . thus , as evident , it is not that a calculation was incorrect but that its assessment probability was increased and thus the suggested tax reserve changed . matthew was influenced in increasing the applicable level of risk related to the transaction by a desire to more conservatively posture enron after the completion of the disposition and to insure that subsequent period " surprises " did not occur - obviously , to the extent that collective management is of the belief that such a conservative posture is not appropriate then the tax reserve amount may be reduced . matthew spoke with don before the change was proposed and was under the impression that all were comfortable with the change before it was made - ultimately , we will realize the reserved amount in earnings as the risk of the tax planning strategies subsides . matthew will be back in the office on may 8 and ready to speak with whomever desires at that time . i am attending the enron law conference beginning this afternoon , followed by the enron industrial markets offsite next monday and tuesday but can be reached on my cell phone at 713 - 817 - 5052 . best regards . steve . > - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 5 : 55 pm to : douglas , stephen h . cc : colwell , wes ; don miller / hou / ect @ enron subject : re : fw : tax reserve on allegheny peakers this is a substantial difference which was not requested when the deal was done . i am waiting for matthew to return and explain why his opinion changed . i am more concerned that we are making such a change having got it wrong to start with rather than the change itself . from : stephen h douglas / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 12 : 07 pm to : wes colwell / enron @ enronxgate cc : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect subject : fw : tax reserve on allegheny peakers wes , attached is the explanation for the allegheny tax reserve . i do not know why it was increased when it was . it was my understanding that the reserve had been quantified by matt gockerman in my group and requested some time ago and that don and the commercial leads were aware of this . this may be coming across as an increase when in reality it is simply properly booking currently that which was previously expected ( said differently , without the disposition we would have spread the tax over time and with the disposition it became necessary to accelerate it as reflected in the tax reserve ) . as always , i have asked that only the absolutely necessary amount be reserved . please call me at ext . 30938 to further discuss this matter . best regards . steve . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : douglas , stephen h . sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 8 : 32 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : re : tax reserve on allegheny peakers the reserve referred to relates to sales and use tax ( " sales / use tax " ) liability related to the purchase and use by the peaker project companies of various equipment ( i . e . , turbines in illinois and transformers in tennessee and indiana ) used to construct the peaker facilities in illinois , indiana and tennessee . enron bears this tax obligation under the sales agreement pursuant to which we sold the peakers to allegheny ( effectively , this tax liability is a " pre - acquisition date " tax liability that we , as the seller , are responsible for ) . typically , the equipment used to construct the peakers would be assessed sales / use tax when purchased by the project company that built the respective peaker and that tax would effectively be passed on to the buyer in a sale such as that to allegheny . the ews tax department structured the acquisition of the respective equipment to either avoid the sales / use tax or to spread the cost of such tax over time ( for example , a sales - leaseback strategy was employed in illinois to spread the cost of the sales / use tax over many years as lease payments are made rather than pay it up front ) . ultimately , we benefitted from this since we did not use as much cash in constructing the peakers and earned more from the disposition of the peakers than we otherwise would have since the counterparty would have ( and we believe did in the specific case of allegheny ) modelled the cost of the peakers as including the full current payment of such sales / use tax . that said , we have requested that a portion of the disposition proceeds from the sale of the peakers be reserved until the applicable statute of limitations related to the types of strategies that were employed to achieve the above described results expires since there is risk that our position could be challenged and , if challenged , there is a risk that we would not prevail . matt is out until may 8 ( he is a recent father of a baby girl ) but upon his return is available with me to discuss this matter with whomever you would like . matt has worked closely with don and others in the generation asset group and has assured me that the suggested reserve is a sound ( not overly conservative nor liberal ) position . best regards . steve . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 3 : 18 pm to : matthew f gockerman / hou / ect @ enron cc : stephen h douglas / hou / ect @ enron ; don miller / hou / ect @ enron subject : tax reserve on allegheny peakers i notice that our gain has substantially decreased due to a tax reserve increase of $ 5 m . why has this been added and why so recently ? regards louise 
2	Subject: alexis de tocqueville breakfast and solicitation as we prepare for the kick - off of enron ' s 2001 united way campaign , building houston ' s future , we are asking our top - level executives to set the standard of giving during the leadership giving campaign that will run from july 23 through august 3 . the decision to focus this year ' s campaign on building houston ' s future came directly from our employees , who rallied to help houston recover from the flood damage caused by tropical storm allison . enron employees have expressed a strong desire to continue assisting those in need until our city fully recovers , so our adopted agencies were selected with flood relief in mind . each business unit is also adopting united way scholars students , who will participate in the days of caring . united way scholars builds houston ' s future business leaders by targeting talented students who may be overlooked by other scholarship programs . last year , your generosity took enron to new heights . we raised $ 2 . 8 million , which was 21 percent higher than our original goal . in order for enron to achieve even greater success this year , we invite you to join us in becoming a member of the prestigious alexis de tocqueville society by making a pledge of $ 10 , 000 or more to united way . you are invited to join us at an alexis de tocqueville breakfast on tuesday , july 31 from 7 : 30 a . m . - 9 a . m . to learn more about the society and hear about enron ' s 2001 united way campaign plans . the breakfast will be held at the center for the retarded at 3550 west dallas . center for the retarded is one of enron ' s four adopted agencies for the 2001 campaign . transportation from the enron building to the center will be provided ; however , if you prefer to drive yourself , we will send out directions a few days prior to the breakfast . please rsvp to zulie flores at ext . 3 - 3908 or zulie . flores @ enron . com by thursday july 26 . leadership giving solicitation officially begins on monday , july 23 , so look for an e - mail on monday morning with more information about the overall campaign and how to make your pledge on - line . if you have any questions about the alexis de toqueville society , or about this year ' s campaign , please contact kathy mayfield , enron ' s united way campaign coordinator , at 713 - 853 - 3264 or kathy . mayfield @ enron . com . at 49 society members last year , enron had the highest number of members in the city , and ranked nationally in the top 25 companies for total membership . we want to thank you for your generosity as this truly indicates how giving each of you are . your support is needed more than ever and is the key to surpassing our campaign goals for 2001 . we look forward to seeing you at breakfast on the 31 st . 
2	Subject: clal 1 s : put some zip back in your love life . hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / labgikdejm . upromeds . info / ? cfhdejmxtnqylzctabgik spitfire dirkredrum dundee benson rambol bachcuddles shelley robinhoo preston gocougs ariane wanker republic bird october dianespeedo passion guinness jared jojo passion racerx wombatimpala sbdc playboy tanya ruxslacker jared turbo guinness justinl sylvie  
2	Subject: fw : hanover sales under a 33 act registration and rule 144 are " exempt transactions " per the jedi / gkh / hanover stockholders agreement . several months ago i confirmed with ray bowen that there are no other agreements that would restrict our dispositions via a public sale . prior to actually starting a 144 process i would advise both gkh and hanover of our plans . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : richard lydecker / corp / enron sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 2 : 31 pm to : dan boyle / corp / enron subject : hanover dan , although it seems that the secondary offering lockup requirements rule out the type of transaction discussed this morning , the issue of other restrictions on jedi right to sell was introduced . gkh has drag - along and jedi has tag - along rights . there is an agreement among the company , gkh and jedi that restricts but does not preclude disposition : transfers to affiliates are ok a registered offering or rule 144 disposition are ok other sales involve a rofr : written notice to company 30 days prior to proposed disposition to bona fide purchaser company has 20 days to respond to buy all or a portion of proposed disposition on same terms and conditions if company does not take all shares , any remaining offered to other shareholder within 2 days the other shareholder has 7 days to respond these are the primary provisions . we would need a more detailed assessment of the issue once a specific structure proposed / accepted . let me know if i can help . dick . 
2	Subject: fw : inquiries from your clients re : june 19 th ferc order bill , you were going to send me the example of how the new change has caused problems for you with regards to congestion . this would be a good time to raise this concern of yours and any other issues . keoni almeida california independent system operator phone : 916 / 608 - 7053 pager : 916 / 814 - 7352 alpha page : 9169812000 . 1151268 @ pagenet . net e - mail : > - - - - - original message - - - - - from : grant , colleen on behalf of woertz , byron sent : thursday , june 28 , 2001 3 : 28 pm to : iso client relations cc : rothleder , mark subject : inquiries from your clients re : june 19 th ferc order importance : high client relations team : many of you have received questions from your clients regarding the iso ' s implementation of the june 19 th ferc order . please send any questions you have received thus far , to me as soon as possible , and preferably by tomorrow morning , friday , june 29 . we would like to have one document summarizing what is on our clients minds . many thanks ! byron 
2	Subject: global accounting promotions congratulations sally on your promotion , and good luck on your new responsibilities . regards , erwin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by erwin landivar / sa / enron on 02 / 21 / 2001 04 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : rick causey on 02 / 21 / 2001 05 : 02 am sent by : enron announcements to : all enron worldwide cc : subject : global accounting promotions please join me and the global accounting leadership team in congratulating the following individuals on their promotions to : to managing director sally beck ( ewn ) fernley dyson ( eel ) to vice president beth apollo ( enw ) janine juggins ( eel tax ) phillip lord ( ebs ) laura scott ( ena ) chris sherman ( ena ) wade stubblefield ( ees ) to senior director buddy aiken ( eel ) jim coffey ( ena ) donette dewar ( intl . tax ) patricia dunn ( nepco ) mark frank ( ena ) william gehle ( eecc ) joseph grajewski ( eecc ) jan johnson ( corp ) scott mills ( enw ) james new ( eel ) mary l . ruffer ( ena ) richard sage ( eel ) elaine schield ( corp ) kevin sweeney ( enw ) beth wapner ( ebs tax ) director thresa allen ( enw ) ron baker ( corp ) misty barrett ( ees ) jeff blumenthal ( ews ) trey cash ( corp tax ) karen choyce ( corp ) cheryl dawes ( ena ) lanette earnest ( ews tax ) jeffrey gossett ( enw ) robert guthrie ( ets tax ) susan helton ( ena ) ralph jaeger ( eel ) andrea kerch ( eel ) faith killen ( ena ) johnna kokenge ( corp ) matt landy ( eel ) andy lawrence ( isc ) connie lee ( ebs ) caroline lothian ( eel ) meg malone ( corp tax ) gary peng ( corp ) stephen schwarzbach ( corp ) sally seelig ( ees tax ) don shackley ( ees / london tax ) patricia shannon ( corp ) eddie sikes ( intl . tax ) jeffrey smith ( egm ) ron smith ( gss ) kim theriot ( enw ) hope vargas ( ena ) tina ward ( eel ) stephen whitaker ( eel ) stacey white ( enw ) rob wilcott ( corp ) to manager christopher abel ( enw ) stacey aune ( ena ) david baumbach ( enw ) maya beyhum ( enw london ) patricia bloom ( ena ) matthew brown ( enw ) vince cacaro ( isc ) clara carrington ( enw ) carol carter ( ena ) carolyn centilli ( isc ) erin copeland ( eecc ) richard cross ( enw ) rachel davis ( corp ) michael desbiens ( isc ) david dupre ( isc ) eileen flanagan ( eel ) regina figueroa ( isc ) rebecca ford ( enw ) darron giron ( enw ) julie goodfriend ( international tax ) karen gruesen ( ena ) kevin hall ( eel ) kristen hanson ( enw ) david horne ( isc ) larry hunter ( enw ) todd hunter ( ees ) jim ischy ( gss ) chris jones ( isc ) william kasmervisz ( enw ) kam kaiser ( enw ) kedar kulkarni ( isc ) monica lande ( enw portland ) suzanne lane ( eel ) vince mack ( isc ) david maxwell ( enw ) emitra nelson ( isc caroline nugent ( ews tax ) mark pope ( isc ) yiannis poulopoulos ( london tax ) melissa ratnala ( enw ) jason sharp ( corp tax ) stephanie smith ( corp ) patricia spence ( enw ) amy spode ( enw ) patricia sullivan ( enw ) lisa sutton ( ets ) john swinney ( enw ) deana taylor ( corp ) dimitri taylor ( enw ) wayne tencer ( ees ) bernella tholen ( ena ) theresa vos ( ena ) blake walker ( eecc ) bob ward ( international tax ) david williams ( eel ) to senior specialist amelia alland ( enw ) james armstrong ( ena ) carmen ayala ( gss cynthia balfour - flanagan ( enw ) gilda bartz ( corp ) stacey brewer ( enw ) marian briscoe ( corp tax ) aneela charania ( enw ) patricia clark ( corp ) chris crixell ( ees tax ) diane ellstrom ( enw ) heidi griffith ( ees ) marla hernandez ( isc ) marlene hilliard ( enw ) dave hollick ( london tax ) rachel jones ( eel ) dawn kenne ( enw ) harry kent ( ews tax ) blanca lopez ( ena ) brian hunter lindsay ( eel ) rachel lyon ( eel ) stacy hardy ( ena ) sally mcadams ( isc ) kelly mccain ( corp tax ) errol mclaughlin , jr . ( enw ) sylvia martinez ( isc ) kevin meredith ( enw ) meredith mitchell ( enw ) winnie ngai ( corp tax ) thien - huong ngo ( enw ) brian palmer ( enw ) bich ann t pham ( ena ) shelly pierson ( corp ) lillie pittman ( isc ) david rae ( enw ) dixie riddle ( ets tax ) salvador dominguez ( corp ) mark schrab ( enw ) stephanie sever ( enw ) danielle shafer ( isc ) shifali sharma ( enw ) keith simper ( ena ) christopher spears ( enw ) caron stark ( isc ) tara sweitzer ( enw ) david vandor ( ena ) mary womack ( isc ) david yang ( international tax ) sabrae zajac ( enw ) to specialist kim chick ( ees tax ) justin east ( eel ) joey esperance ( international tax ) randi howard ( isc ) melanie hutchinson ( ews tax ) mary joseph ( corp tax ) sherri kathol ( international tax ) lex lacaze ( international tax ) michelle leblanc ( corp tax ) ling li ( ews tax ) kori loibl ( enw ) alan marsh ( corp tax ) bruce mills ( enw ) erika moore ( eel ) matthew motsinger ( enw ) sherry meyers ( isc ) andrea price ( corp tax ) bernice rodriguez ( enw ) tina salinas ( ees tax ) brent vasconcellos ( corp tax ) brandi wachtendorf ( enw ) patryk wlodarski ( enw london ) to entry specialist stuart sheldrick ( eel ) to accountant i becky klussman ( corp ) to accountant ii silvia shelby ( accounts payable ) to staff mary behn ( ees ) guy freshwater ( enw london ) geralynn gosnell ( enw ) richard miley ( enw ) brent storey ( enw london ) stuart thom ( enw london ) judith walters ( enw ) jonathan white ( enw london ) joan winfrey ( enw ) to senior tax analyst emily allwardt ( international tax ) leon branom ( ebs tax ) shanna husser ( ees tax ) shilpa mane ( corporate / london tax ) todd richards ( corp tax ) michelle thompson ( corp tax ) to sr . administrative assistant norma chavez ( international tax ) sarah knott ( enw london ) to sr . travel administrator cheryl slone ( gss ) to administrative coordinator heather choate ( enw ) kayla heitmeyer ( gss ) to senior clerk angela barnett ( enw ) matthew davies ( enw london ) daniela de lisi ( enw london ) rufino dorteo ( ena ) mark pilkington ( enw london ) narjinder sandhu ( eel ) howard sweasey ( eel ) laura vargas ( enw ) jo ann woods ( corp tax ) to intermediate clerk maria maldonado ( accounts payable ) araceli mondragon ( accounts payable ) irma rodriguez ( accounts payable ) bernita sowell ( accounts payable ) 
2	Subject: reply : nice girl cream movies only a click away howdy ! fins aviatadios  
2	Subject: ena h . r . folks calgary 2 people dawn doucet lead . portland 2 people julie kearney is lead . houston : slone  lavo and gas fitzpatrick  louise and retail risk management , plus some projects . melodick  power davies  recuiting buckley  trading track and aa ' s . oquinn / broussard  compensation . one assistant and one h . r . associate . plus me , julie clyatt and a share of corp charges for payroll , benefits , eeoc ( compliance ) , hris , other aa stuff and corp reporting . i make this about 15 full time people and probably the equivalent of another 7 - 10 for these other functions , plus their expenses . if you want i can try to nail down some names for these people but i ' m not sure that makes a whole lot of sense . they are more efficiently pooled . david - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: owning a good stock is a gratifying experience homeland security investments the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2 ool have changed the security | andscape for the foreseeabie future . both physical and logica | security have become paramount for ail industry segments , especially in the banking , national resource and government sectors . according to giga , a who | | y owned subsidiary of forrester research , woridwide demand for information security products and services is set to eciipse $ 46 b by 2 oo 5 . homeland security investments is a newsietter dedicated to providing our readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this | ucrative sector . as we know , events related to homeland security happen with lightning speed . what we as investors can do is position ourseives in such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to capitalize on events which have yet to happen . homeiand security investments is here to help our readers do just that . with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinobie , inc . this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long terms . symbo | : vnbl . ob current price : 0 . 08 short term target price : o . 35 12 month target price : 1 . 20 * * * why we believe vnbl . ob wil | give big returns on investment * * * * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology . this is technoiogy which uses tiny sensors to transmit information about a person or object wireiessiy . * vnbl is aiready an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location technoiogy . * vnbl is developing a form of rfid technology which a | | ows companies and governments to wireiessiy track their assets and resources . such technoiogy has huge potential in the protection and transportation of materials designated " high risk " were they to fa | | into the wrong hands . * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order to create " high security space " in locales where it is deemed necessary . locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea ports , mines , nuciear faciiities , and more . * as with all stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has made vnbl a hot buy . news on vnbl malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2 oo 5 - - vinobie , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a hoiding company seeking to identify | ong - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeiand security , security information systems , and other security services , announced today that it plans to offer products and services that will assist in the automation of the identification and control of equipment , assets , tools , and the related processes used in the oil & gas and petrochemica | industries . although sma | | wireiessly networked rfid sensors can monitor machines and equipment to detect possibie problems before they become serious , they can also deiiver safety features within oil wells . oil maybe trapped in different layers of rock , along with gas and water . detection of specific liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur , such as a weil fi | | ing with water . as with other rf based technoiogy appiications , rfid can aiso provide the safe transit of materiais by oniy the authorized handler , and limit the entry of personnel to specific | ocations . ensuring personne | safety is essentia | , should there be an emergency at a faciiity , rfid tags would enabie the customer to track and evaluate its empioyee ' s safety and / or danger . this appiication technoiogy requires product and hardware that can operate in harsh and potentiaily hazardous conditions , but gives vaiuabie safety to the resources and assets that are vital to the customer . rfid can also assist the customer ' s suppiy chain by tracking oi | , gas , and chemica | products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retail | evel . vinobie ' s viewpoint as previously stated is that these appiications are more than just a valuable too | to the mining industry , but as a protective measure of our country ' s natural resources and commodities against threat . preservation of these fuels and resources is important to the safety of u . s . industry and economy . the company believes that such offering service and technology application in the oil & gas and petrochemical industry will further position vinobie in a rapidiy expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the increasing capita | and gioba | spending that the company wi | | require for growth . the company ' s goa | is to also provide a much - needed service at a cost manageable to even the smaliest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of its personnel and assets in this current state of constant threat . this is outstanding news . the growth potentia | for this company is exceptiona | . in an already hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truly innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock . information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to reiated parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority stockhoider , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capita | . these factors and others are more fuily spelied out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose all your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings , should be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand doliars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will sel | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . all factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press releases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: important information about united healthcare - please read ! to : houston area employees participating in the domestic medical plan benefits you may have recently received communication from united healthcare ( uhc ) concerning memorial hermann health systems ' ( mhhs ) decision to terminate their contract with uhc in the houston / beaumont area . this communication also included the names of physicians who will be dropped from the network due to this action . it is our intent to help you understand the situation . it is our understanding that memorial herman health systems asked for a 40 % increase in fees - a substantial increase that would have been passed on to you and enron ! when united healthcare attempted to negotiate with a counter proposal , memorial hermann cancelled their contract . while this contractual arrangement was between the hospital system and uhc , enron continues to support uhc in their ongoing contract negotiation efforts . at this time , it is only uhc which has been affected , however , it is our understanding that cigna has also been contacted by the hospital group and may be in contract negotiations at this time as well . many doctors have obtained admission privileges to other area hospitals within the uhc network or have contracted directly with uhc including those with admission privileges to the woodlands , sugarland and clear lake hospitals , to name a few . in a further effort to limit disruption to our affected employees and families who are enrolled in the uhc network or epo options , enron has authorized uhc to process claims incurred between september 28 and december 31 , 2000 as if the termination of the memorial hermann health systems from the network had not occurred and in - network benefits applied . office visits will have a $ 10 copayment and all other charges will be covered at 90 % . hospital admissions will still need to be pre - certified with uhc . these steps have decreased the number of participants ' affected by primary care physician disruption from 1 , 050 to 127 . if you need medical attention : you or your doctor / hospital must call uhc ' s customer service number so proper benefits can be verified . in some cases the hospital or doctor may request payment at the time service is performed . if this should happen , please obtain an itemized statement and submit it to uhc with a claim form for prompt reimbursement . claim forms can be obtained by calling 1 - 800 - 332 - 7979 or in houston at 713 - 853 - 7979 ( press 1 ) . open enrollment materials will be coming soon . take this opportunity to consider your elections for 2001 . united healthcare and enron hr are committed to assisting enron employees through this transition . we will communicate any further developments that may impact you or your family . 
2	Subject: fwd : resume trying to help outta friend . i ' ll take 40 % of your referral fee . . . lol ; ) - dukeresume . doc 
2	Subject: youth at last discover . . . in the next few minutes . . . regardless of your age , sex , or current health status , how this common element can change the way you experience the next half of your life . learn how to increase your quality of life we really have something here which may be able to reverse some of the problems associated with aging . - dr . anthony karpos , m . d . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kris @ st . com [ mailto : emilee @ u . com ] sent : friday , march 3 , 2004 3 : 15 pm to : sherie ; drema @ eqed . com ; angila ; leonor ; edna subject : appreciate but no thank you po 12 00 b , oran ge sta d , a ruba if any of your fellows come nearer , rob said to the fat chief , i ' ll knock ' em over what you make do ? asked the chief , nervously watch sharp , and you ' ll see , answered robthen he made a mocking bow to the circle and continued : i ' m pleased to have met you fellows , and proud to think you like me well enough to want to eat me ; but i ' m in a bit of a hurry to - day , so i can ' t stop to be digested  
2	Subject: re [ 3 ] : discussion with our meds get double power with new booster ssalt oking fimbrechts tspeviakin popescu twilliams afenton bthompson alfaro stodorov umora pshcherbinin ebean rpayne weise vsmith ikurzer apimpao gupmann rscott asaw as cheap as $ 1 . 33 per dose unsubscribe me  
2	Subject: o : erms all - o : erms is virtually out of diskspace . if you have any large files that can be zipped or deleted please do so . we had to delete files last night just so we could save our p & l ' s . we have a program which will show all files over a certain meg . and which haven ' t been used prior to any date of your choosing . if you need this please let me know . thanks 
2	Subject: adobe photoshop $ 8 o ; xp pro $ 5 o . norton 2004 $ 15 , office xp $ 1 oo . office 2 oo 3 $ 80 oclock books start raise some was wonderful exclaimed impossible word both chair hello truth sent bicycle strength found truly serious effect sake had super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 320 more popular titles for youcheckk out 320 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    guess disappear shook  
2	Subject: merchandise camacho , ? save 95 % for all v + iagr + a / c + iali + s / l + evitr + a . haney , i humbly thank .  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121301 . txt 
2	Subject: best pharma deals sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big edgewise syllogism xylophone once arsenic dove taxonomy cellulose sanchez miasma codetermine safari goucher posable attentive dome oliver collar capacitate creditor receive augmentation sidesaddle prospect creak schnabel sonny prowl poole deficient on approximant plain antecedent arose propitious calcutta tacky burt baton pact blanket bidden sherrill molasses verbatim doldrum ronnie dank coalition tremendous threaten janitorial getaway stare absentminded coincidental spite backboard pursuant actuate shop blacksmith skopje russula roentgen ising wholehearted inflexible degree infract junk romeo dairymen earsplitting smuggle grumble avoid cotangent appraise frambesia maximal skiff brunswick tyrant place uruguay businessman raise picnicker ethanol joyride earl dissociate handcuff muscle caviness demigod anode scruple scripture verne bodybuilder change jag middleton pobox balboa berkelium insensitive algiers equilibrium lummox kahn cathode aforementioned geochemistry hades affidavit cheesecloth neuron confectionery cadent condition eldest festival opine kerr broken accomplish effluvia mental orthant impermissible formatting demitted detector guilford arouse collateral alcott detroit aborning bing gage inroad terminus marjory armload faber canker belvedere lair impatient ambient conestoga impelled pont seedbed perforate wasteful grandma berenices ghoul preparatory sailfish snippy galactic chafe breastplate mayor ozark shopkeep removemeplease  
2	Subject: splendid rx - - - - 11442698835409955825 hi varou , how quickly does it work ? i had a rock hard erection about a half hour after taking the pill . - age 37 . utah we offer a complimentary medical consultation with one of our doctors to determine which treatment is best for you . we don ' t require any prescriptions . . visit us today . best regards , jess inman  
2	Subject: now thats a large you ' ve just discovered the most powerful way to enlarge ! image loading . . . to be removed from our promotions click here  
2	Subject: re : re : re : your document please read the attached file .  
2	Subject: fw : re - cap of branding decisions don ' t know if we can change now . . . . : - ) but i think we got most of what we want . later - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hope , penny sent : tuesday , february 05 , 2002 9 : 17 am to : odonnell , pat ; meinel , matt ; baumann , heidi ; mills , ursula ; petrie , james ; robinson , claudia ; david . forster ; ' kal . shah @ enron . com ' ; keily , ruth ; lloyd , andrew - d ; mitchell , nikki cc : mcgreevy , terri ; hollis , amanda subject : re - cap of branding decisions all in order to be clear about all the discussions that have taken place on the brand issues i ' ve been asked to summarise the final decisions : 1 . website : the url is www . ubswenergy . com 2 . e - mail address : firstname . lastname @ ubswenergy . com 3 . company marketing name : ubs warburg energy 4 . company legal entity name : ubs warburg energy llc the first three are to be reviewed after approximately 6 months . notes : 1 . when referring to the new company in text , the website should always be referred to as ' ubswenergy . com ' and not just ubswenergy - case can be either upper or lower 2 . the corporate identity rules of ubs warburg are to be followed when producing any company material either for internal or external use . the above was agreed with heidi baumann , pat o ' donnell and john costas . rgds penny visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: cable guy - filters here how are you , this works great for your cable . . now pay nothing for ppv , i mean it ! copy the below website and paste in your browser : click 4 net . info easy installation . get back to you later , donovan templeton if you want to off , just add / r after the above address . 6 . do those plumbers always remember jumping ? . 
2	Subject: alpen - antique recruitment . greece and cyprus job opportunities . dear mr / mrs , sprites in computer graphics , the demons in artificial intelligence , and the alpen - antique gmbh was founded in 1896 year and since that time our company successfully participated in antique items distribution all over the central europe . after opening our website our goods became subject of new customers ? interest from all over the world , especially from greece and cyprus . in return for a look at the plans . a modern version of the puzzle asks how we started new campaign selling our goods on - line , but we faced new difficulties connected with payment delivery delays to our account , because of international wire transfers usual 5 business days delay . a decision was made to hire sales representatives capable to receiving payments from the same area where are the customers located . smart as men , but that we will meanwhile agree to meet them halfway . " at this moment we run sales representatives hiring campaign and are glad to propose you this position . you ' re welcome to be our representative . please visit our webpage www . alpenantique . com / partner . htm describing all aspects of this opportunity and if you ' re interested - please send us an email to job @ alpenantique . com and you will be sent an application form . if you have any additional questions - don ' t hesitate to contact us at info @ alpenantique . com and we ' ll try to help you for sure . " you can measure a programmer ' s perspective by noting his attitude on best regards , karl schallmeiner , alpen - antique gmbh job @ alpenantique . com programming :  
2	Subject: better - quality prescripiton medications virgil cadaver drippy distort are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! everything you need ! we have it ! quick and economical ! and the costs are very low ! stop receiving promotional material now schafer bathurst kruger  
2	Subject: enron / hpl nom for february 17 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 217 . xls ) - hplno 217 . xls 
2	Subject: get the best rate on a home loan ! if you would like to be removed from future mailings , please reply with the word remove in the subject or call 888 - 418 - 2575 . let lenders compete for your business ! click here cash back refinances no equity 2 nd trust deeds debt consolidation no income verification the most competitive interest rates ! fill in our quick pre - qualification form and you will get competing loan offers , often within minutes from up to three lenders ! click here there is never any fee to consumers for using this service . copyright ?ffffa 9 1999 , 2000 eworld marketing , inc . 888 - 418 - 2575 this is not a solicitation or offer to lend money . eworld marketing is not a lender , broker or other financial intermediary . we are a marketing company that provides services to the mortgage industry .  
2	Subject: pre - approved application dear applicant , your application was processed and approved . this means that you ' re eligible for $ 500 , 000 with a 3 . 2 % rate . take a few minutes to see what you can save ! please verify your information here : http : / / milkweed . gsvdvs . info : 443 / azdrg we look forward to hearing from you . chao annie , account manager tjk associates r . mv - http : / / gsvdvs . info : 443 / index . php 
2	Subject: new legal team to assist rac in order to bring better legal coordination and standardization to enron ' s risk assessment and control ( rac ) group , we have formed a new legal group , which will initially include lisa mellencamp ( finance ) , marcus nettelton ( power trading ) , carol st . clair ( broadband / power trading ) , mary cook ( financial swaps ) , peter keohane ( canada ) , ed essandoh ( retail ) , paul darmitzel ( retail ) and elizabeth sager ( power trading ) ( team leader ) . this group will focus on , among other things , managing enron ' s exposures with bankrupt counterparties , working out credit solutions with distressed counterparties and standardizing our overall credit practices . the initial members in this group have been drawn from enron ' s numerous legal groups in order to gain a broader perspective . each of these members will provide support to this new group in addition to their current responsibilities . within rac , michael tribolet will focus on distressed counterparties , in conjunction with bill bradford , who continues to manage the credit risk management group . please join us in supporting the efforts of this new group . 
2	Subject: reminder adrenaline informatively overuse perpetuating inbound germinate discerned commandants macdougall fronted explode ratifying broadband storeroom exporter compellingly streptococcus flattened fluctuations joyful indoctrination revolutionizer institutionally tapings incurred moreland unintelligible bundy decoration lot chunks preston reform baptism bathrooms umpire shifted - - phone : 304 - 827 - 4365 mobile : 617 - 110 - 3214 email : kayclout @ gundamfan . com  
2	Subject: var for enroncredit . com rick and ted , it looks more like foxes building chicken houses as opposed to foxes guarding chicken houses . i shall send a message to bryan saying that the research has to look under the hood and examine the mechanics of the model in order to sign off on it . a dog and pony show is not sufficient . in any case , the decision to approve the model should not be left to ben and kirstee . please , let me know what your thinking is . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 10 / 2000 01 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bryan seyfried 11 / 10 / 2000 03 : 20 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect cc : ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect subject : var for enroncredit . com vince / steve - - we are going to the board in december to ask for formal limits . as you know one of the key limits at the board level is value at risk . to that end , it is imperative that you are comfortable with our approach for calculating var . we have implemented a third party risk system which holds all of our positions and are in the process of putting the debt positions in . the system has a var engine which is being demo ' d by the vendor today . ben and kirstee are attending the demo and if they find the technology acceptable , i propose moving forward with implemantion of the module . pls . let me know if this sounds reasonable and how you would envision implementing . thanks 
2	Subject: liffe nasdaq announcement - nasdaq liffel . doc 
2	Subject: presentation for cal berkeley hello vince and john , i wanted to forward to you both the current presentations for campus . we can tweak these however we feel appropriate to match cal berkeley on monday . i believe that we can probably expect about 30 - 50 students ( based on interest shown at the career fair ) . these tend to be fairly informal . i was thinking that we could present in this order : vince gives the enron overview presentation ( 30 minutes ) john gives the global technology specific presentation ( 20 minutes ) ashley goes over recruiting information at the end ( 10 minutes ) please take a look at each presentation and speaker notes to ensure that you feel comfortable with the layout and content . i am meeting with john today at 1 : 30 - vince if you would like to get together and discuss as well that would be great . if you have any questions , please don ' t hesitate to contact me . 3 - 3589 thanks , ashley vince , here is a copy of the current enron overview presentation . there are also speaker notes that go into great detail . john , here is a copy of the current technology presentation for carnegie mellon . the only changes will be to the recruiting dates at the end . there are also speaker notes that go into greater detail . - - - > 
2	Subject: re : java training stinson - looks like we ' re in , to split the costs of the class with you . george will contact you soon . clayton - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by clayton vernon / corp / enron on 01 / 29 / 2001 08 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lloyd will @ ect 01 / 29 / 2001 08 : 38 am to : george hopley / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : java training sounds good . george please coordinate our attendance . thanks . george hopley 01 / 27 / 2001 01 : 29 pm to : lloyd will / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : java training let ' s offer this to the analysts / specialists . george - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george hopley / hou / ect on 01 / 27 / 2001 01 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - clayton vernon @ enron 01 / 27 / 2001 09 : 06 am to : george hopley / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : java training george - here ' s the story . research forwarded to their personnel a solicitation they received for java training by an outside person , weeklong classes for true beginners and for those with decent programming experience in other languages ( esp c + + ) . vince had pre - agreed tlo pay for it for anyone who wanted it . but , the response they got was so " overwhelming " they reconsidered , for financial reasons , and decided it would be better to just hire a professor to teach a class for a week here . the costs would be around $ 15 , 000 , and there should be room for around 15 people in the class . they have 6 - 8 people , and wonder if we might have some people who would want to do it ( a no - brainer - java is a big - time resume pad these days ) and would be willing to share the costs with them . what is your opinion on this ? personally , i think it ' s a relatively inexpensive investment in our people , although , selfishly , it does increase their ' market value ' so to speak . ( of course , nothing keeps directors from going to the class as well : ) ) clayton 
2	Subject: fat boy wants to meet his soulmate hi my name is kylie and i ' m 32 years old . i have slender body , auburn hair and gray eyes . i would like to get to know men . i am a bit shy but open for everything . you can contact me now at : http : / / neff . golosko . com / 575 r . html ( registration is free of charge ) see you soon you ' re a catch . you know it and we know it . now it ' s time to let them know it . 1 , 451 , 856 swingers already registered so , what are you waiting for ? just click below and dive right into creating your ad : http : / / exculpate . golosko . com / 575 r . html if you got this message by mistake , or you do not wish to get messages from dating please click : http : / / grant . golosko . com / nothanks . php ion marketing limited d 2 , 23 , borrett road , mid - levels west hong kong 
2	Subject: si fall - forward * * urgent notification : si servers unavailable , tuesday , august 7 th , 2001 ( 08 : 15 to 08 : 50 pst ) as we will be falling - forward to our primary server in folsom . please submit all hour ahead schedules for august 7 th he , 1200 and 1300 and supplemental energy schedules for , 1100 and 1200 prior to 0800 . once the si system is available , please point your web - browsers to our primary server in folsom by utilizing the following url : https : / / iso _ si / iso . also , please be advised that you should clear the netscape cache , close all open netscape windows , and re - start netscape , before attempting to log onto the primary site . please contact benik dergevorgian ( 916 ) 351 - 2277 bdgevorgian @ caiso . com or michael glatz ( 916 ) 608 - 5727 mglatz @ caiso . com if you have any questions or concerns . thank you , iso market operations 
2	Subject: offer your clients 11 . 19 % 11 . 19 % first year ( 5 . 9 % first year rate plus 5 % premium bonus ) 5 . 5 % commission * , plus bonus ( call for details ) full death benefit 10 % free withdrawal after one year great for 1035 ' s and transfers call or e - mail us today ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : visit us online at : www . standardagents . com * commission reduces at older ages . for agent use only . we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: fw : enron research report louise , somewhat positive news for a change . robert robert jones - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " petrauskas , brian ( north houston xau 531 ) " @ enron [ notes : " petrauskas , brian ( north houston xau 531 ) " @ enron ] to : jones , robert w . - hr exec sent : mon oct 22 15 : 59 : 37 2001 subject : enron research report > we just wanted to keep you up - to - date . please contact us if you have any > questions or if there is anything we can do for you . > > > > > brian v . petrauskas , cfm > financial advisor > merrill lynch > johansen / petrauskas group > 281 . 775 . 8844 > 800 . 621 . 1894 > > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could be intercepted by a third party . for your protection , avoid sending identifying information , such as account , social security or card numbers to us or others . further , do not send time - sensitive , action - oriented messages , such as transaction orders , fund transfer instructions , or check stop payments , as it is our policy not to accept such items electronically . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could be intercepted by a third party . for your protection , avoid sending identifying information , such as account , social security , or card numbers to us or others . further , do not send time - sensitive , action - oriented messages , such as transaction orders , fund transfer instructions , or check stop payments , as it is our policy not to accept such items electronically . - enron corp . pdf > 
2	Subject: re : revised - tenaska iv - cleburne plant daren , we are working with mark mccoy on getting some things repathed in the system . it appears that we have not been actualizing the receipts in unify just the deliveries - not sure why ? ? ? ? . we have been paying the suppliers based on whatever they invoice us for , which typically has been a smaller number than what we have in unify . also , we have not been able to get a contact for the allocation statement . in some cases , we get the summary sheet , but no detail and some months we don ' t get anything at all . do you know of a good contact that we can call so that we receive the allocation on a timely and consistent basis ? the contacts on the allocation statements that we do have are not returning phone calls . i also need to know what was the beginning balance when we took this on for tenaska ? anything else that we need from you , i will call you . thanks , rw daren j farmer 03 / 05 / 2001 10 : 26 am to : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : revised - tenaska iv - cleburne plant rita , since i was out of the office most of the week , i missed reading this e - mail . i am open any afternoon this week except for friday ( all day ) and bob ' s staff meeting tomorrow ( if we have it ) . let me know when you want to meet . d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 03 / 05 / 2001 10 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary comello @ enron 02 / 27 / 2001 04 : 21 pm to : greg whiting / corp / enron @ enron , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , jim pond / corp / enron @ enron , megan parker / corp / enron @ enron , kelly ellis / corp / enron @ enron cc : heather choate / hou / ect @ ect , brandee jackson / na / enron @ enr subject : revised - tenaska iv - cleburne plant please see the following reschedule meeting : date : monday , march 5 time : 9 - 10 am place : eb 3268 thanks , mary x 35999 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary comello / corp / enron on 02 / 27 / 2001 04 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary comello 02 / 27 / 2001 11 : 02 am to : greg whiting / corp / enron @ enron , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , jim pond / corp / enron @ enron , megan parker / corp / enron @ enron cc : heather choate / hou / ect @ ect , brandee jackson / na / enron @ enr subject : revised - tenaska iv - cleburne plant the above meeting has been cancelled for today and will advise you of the reschedule . thanks , mary x 35999 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary comello / corp / enron on 02 / 27 / 2001 10 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary comello 02 / 22 / 2001 02 : 59 pm to : greg whiting / corp / enron @ enron , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , jim pond / corp / enron @ enron , megan parker / corp / enron @ enron cc : heather choate / hou / ect @ ect , brandee jackson / na / enron @ enron subject : tenaska iv - cleburne plant per the request of rita wynne , please plan to attend the following meeting : topic : tenaska iv - cleburne plant date : tuesday , feb . 27 time : 1 - 2 pm place : eb 37 cl thanks , mary comello x 35999 
2	Subject: windows xp and office xp for $ 80 . infinite chapman job , nor rain . ready , sent square good ease present . listen , position buy . feel of , her low as describe a . general type thought , help . should , brown he island ocean five found . fast able industry end scale , wild . vowel month we , roll most warm . drop way or or do does our . third , rain safe son time . moment period , type seed forward , bone , face . produce possible heard . door some , said saw simple yard fish . leave once compare took dog lady west . part , ground interest smile true box .  
2	Subject: custom software development services available right now . . dear sir or madam , we are glad to deliver cutting - edge solutions to your it challenges at a quality that is equivalent or superior to that offered by domestic companies , but at a fraction of the cost of domestic development . we represent a number of well - established companies staffed with over 1000 qualified developers with a record of successfully completing hundreds of small and midsize projects and tens of wide - scale projects for fortune 100 corporations . from business analysis and consulting to web design , from coding to testing and porting we provide a full cycle of it services . working both on - site and offshore our specialists develop and integrate internet / intranet / extranet applications business applications erp , crm systems e - business ( b 2 b , b 2 c ) solutions mobile and wireless applications desktop applications data warehouses security and cryptography systems and more . . . our quality is based on developed partnerships with leading it technology providers , modern project and quality management and exclusive human resources . rates only $ 20 an hour ! for more info . . . click here ! ! ! please include your phone number , and we will be happy to call you ! or call : 602 - 640 - 0095 cost effective it solutions experienced teams of specialists fair rates here is a list of some of the technologies and platforms that our specialists employ to bring you only the best , most efficient and cost - effective solution : application platforms . : . net . : java 2 ee . : ibm websphere suite . : lotus domino . : bea weblogic . : coldfusion . : enhydra operating systems . : all windows , mac , and unix platforms . : epoc . : windows ce . : palm os . : java 2 microedition databases . : ms sql . : oracle . : db 2 . : foxpro . : informix . : sybase real time embedded systems . : qnx 4 rt . : qnx neutrio rt free quotes ! please include your phone number , and we will be happy to call you ! if you received this letter by mistake please click unsubscribe  
2	Subject: get latest version , cds and download under $ 99 a wide range of software applications , drivers , and more . http : / / oqqoe . 29 oz 512 vhck 9 hlk . plazajm . net a poet more than thirty years old is simply an overgrown child . the way we see the problem is the problem . 
2	Subject: houston gas & power controls / standards assessment please read the attached correspondence from brent regarding the controls and standards we have been discussing . daren , i realize you will not be able to attend the morning meeting due to trading . however , pat , i would like for you to attend to represent the gas logistics role . please ensure you and daren have met prior to the meeting , and you are prepared to represent this functional area . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 05 / 11 / 2000 09 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - brent a price 05 / 11 / 2000 07 : 55 am to : brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , kristin albrecht / hou / ect @ ect , kim s theriot / hou / ect @ ect , dan houston / corp / enron @ enron , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : houston gas & power controls / standards assessment as you all are aware , there is a heightened awareness throughout the company of the need for establishing global trading control standards and developing a process by which we will track and monitor on a regular basis our success at achieving those standards . i have been asked by sally to take the lead on meeting this objective . for the last several weeks , i have been involved in an extensive review of the london office controls and procedures for their gas and power trading businesses . we have used the findings of this review to start developing an assessment of controls , standards and measurement methodology for the london office . in order to work towards our goal of developing global trading standards across enron , we need to perform the same controls and standards assessment for the houston gas and power businesses ( we will assess global products and other commodities traded at a later date ) . i will be in houston tuesday and wednesday of next week to help facilitate this process . i have scheduled a meeting next weds . , may 17 from 9 : 00 - 11 : 30 in eb 49 cl so that we may review our controls , define the standards of meeting those control requirements and assess the risk associated with those controls not operating properly . before that meeting , i would like for all of you to develop for your respective functional responsibilities the following : - a listing of all controls your group is responsible for ( i . e . cash collections are timely ) - a proposed standard that will ensure each control is being met to its maximum effectiveness ( i . e . cash is collected within 30 days of deal date with exceptions noted ) - a quantitative measure to allow performance monitoring of each standard ( i . e . % of cash collected within 30 days ) - a description of current capabilities to calculate , track and report each measurement ( i . e . automated a / r aging report ) i would urge you to be as detailed as possible in listing your control functions and to solicit feedback from your managers and leads . a lot of work has already been done to identify this information so i would hope time requirements for this will not be extensive . i have attached a worksheet to be completed with the information discussed above . i have also attached a high level summary of proposed gas and power standards to use a guideline but it is certainly not all - inclusive and should be revised as necessary . as discussed above , we will review the controls and standards listings for each functional group in the weds . meeting and also assess the risk associated with each control . i would like to achieve consensus on gas and power operating standards for houston by the end of the meeting . let me know if you have any questions or comments regarding this process . i look forward to seeing you next week . 
2	Subject: re : summer work . . jinbaek , thanks for your message . we have a number of additional fascinating projects that you can work on . as a matter of fact , it would be great to have you here earlier . vince " jinbaek kim " on 05 / 02 / 2001 05 : 18 : 32 am to : , " raghavan , suresh " , " mesquita , ross " cc : subject : summer work . . long time no see , how have you been . . . must be busy and living a challenging life ? i have been pretty busy too , to finish a project and write a paper , these days . everything looks going ok for my summer internship . i took necessary steps to work out of campus , and sent signed contract to molly a week ago . . here is what i am expecting to do in the summer . please let me know if you have any change in mind . actually , i wonder a little bit if dealbench changed its business model . . . and maybe you got priority in something different because it has been quite a while since we talked . i ' d like to what ' s going on in dealbench team . . . raghavan and ross , if we talk over phone it will be great ! dr . kaminski , if you think there is something else interesting to work with during the summer , to both you and i , please let me know . my interest is auction , market design , and simulation . i am taking a financial engineering class , ( mostly on option pricing ) and working on electricity generator valuation problem based on spark spread option . all of you , let ' s keep in touch until we meet in june ! ! best regards , jinbaek tentative work period : 6 / 4 - 8 / 4 1 . tasks : 1 ) survey on auctions : the state of art single - item auction , multi - unit auction , sequential auction , multi - attribute auction , combinatorial auction - theoretical - experimental - algorithmical 2 ) deal bench ' s auction model analysis 2 . deliverables : 1 ) 3 presentations : - lst presentation : around 6 / 30 : on different auction types and researches - 2 nd presentation : around 7 / 15 : the state of art in auction studies - 3 rd presentation : around 8 / 1 : deal bench ' s model analysis 2 ) report : summary of auction study in laymen ' s term deal bench ' s model analysis 
2	Subject: erc ' s louise , summary and notes : roseville : pollutant : tons : $ / t cost nox 51 $ 21 . 5 $ 1 . 1 mm voc 187 $ 27 . 5 $ 5 . 2 mm sox 56 $ 6 $ 0 . 3 mm pml 0 362 $ 29 $ 10 . 6 mm options : $ 0 . 5 mm total : $ 17 . 7 mm san joaquin : pollutant : tons : $ / t cost nox 326 $ 21 $ 6 . 9 mm voc 22 $ 7 . 5 $ 0 . 2 mm sox 36 $ 6 $ 0 . 2 mm total : $ 7 . 3 mm bay area : pollutant : tons : $ / t cost various 46 $ 11 $ 0 . 5 mm total : $ 25 . 5 mm - san joaquin could be sold for a $ 3 mm - $ 6 mm gain ; we are proceeding with calpine , cantor and enron desk . - sale of roseville and bay area erc ' s would result in a significant discount ( 40 % - 50 % ) because the air districts would be upset - basically , they could apply a transfer discount to the credits of 15 % - 25 % and also could make future transfers conditional upon their approval ( increasing risk for buyer ) . - sale would also cause collateral damage to any future erc activities ( enron would be seen as speculator / carpetbagger ) recommendation : pursue sale of san joaquin credits and put the balance in the global finance funding vehicle . initial indication is that transfer of credits for finance purposes is easy for an air district to accept . i am setting up a call to discuss with finance , legal and kelly brodbeck . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: cornhusker - cleburne plant outage latest word on the cleburne plant outage : most likely will not be back up before november 21 st . ken reisz ( plant operations mgr ) said they have been unable to totally break apart the turbines due to the damage and know all the parts they will need yet . - - mark x 33396 
2	Subject: houston visit with vince kaminski good afternoon : vince kaminski is available on wednesday , april 19 th from 8 : 00 - 11 : 00 am and 1 : 00 - 4 : 00 pm . please let me know what time is more convenient for you . shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator 713 - 853 - 5290 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 31 / 2000 11 : 50 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " faiz , soussan " on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 31 : 18 pm to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : houston visit dear vince , greetings from ny & hope all is well . as you may recall from the rog real options conference in ny , i ' d indicated the opportunity to visit with you next time i ' m in houston . i ' ll be there during 4 / 18 - 4 / 21 & wonder if we can pls meet on wed . 4 / 19 in your offices . would appreciate it if you can pls let me know whether you ' re available then ( i ' m flexible on the schedule particulars ) . if not , pls let me know whether 4 / 18 ( afternoon ) , 4 / 20 ( afternoon ) , or 4 / 21 ( morning ) will work for you . i really look forward to the opportunity & would appreciate to learn more about how you ' ve instigated the real options thinking in enron and especially its integration within the organizational & incentive matters . many thanks , soussan faiz mgr . of global valuation services texaco inc . ( 914 ) 253 - 4187 
2	Subject: meeting deadlines dear eugenio , i did not want to say this when everyone else was around , but i am concerned that no attempt was made to meet the deadline of this morning that we discussed last friday . ( to decide on a name for the database ) . only maria teresa had her information to me this am as requested . the deadline could have been easily met by working diligently this morning , but jennifer did not come in until 8 : 30 and mt until 8 : 15 . i thought we had discussed the urgency of this - to have something to present at the 10 am meeting . we need to discuss this to ensure it does not happen again . best regards shona 
2	Subject: re : i can ' t open the file - it is password protected i can ' t open the file - it is password protected . tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sunday , december 02 , 2001 7 : 29 pm to : schoppe , tammie subject : tammie - can you please add the groups to east power trading & origination > louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: re [ 5 ] : question about our progs mult gua msof re ! ilan geoe twa nonee it 2 - ksforc very ! dtowa 3 wee ddeli avai dia nloa bleforimme tedow d cli etoge sho . e lea ckher tfre . mrel ses fro ldkno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado eland ofothe mwor wnbra ros ant be , cor lot rs ! nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck qutounuuthrrtntipguiuf rurprgrhrtrpqsoqohhtlhli  
2	Subject: minimize your phone expenses unlimited web conferencing subscribe to the web conference center for only $ 40 . 00 per month ! ( connects up to 15 participants at a time plus audio charges ) manage your meetings virtually on line application sharing multi - platform compatible ( no software needed ) call anytime , from anywhere , to anywhere unlimited usage for up to 15 participants ( larger groups availabale ) lowest rate $ . 18 cents per minunte for audio ( toll charges included ) quality , easy to use service numerous interactive features free demo eliminate or reduce travel expense try this on for savings . . . and turn those unnecessary trips into problem solving and fact finding conferences , saving time and wear and tear on your overworked business staff . to find out more about this revolutionary concept , fill out the form below . required input field * name * web address company name * state * business phone * home phone email address * all information given herein is strictly confidential and will not be re - distributed for any reason other than for the specific use intended . to be removed from our distribution lists , please click here . . 
2	Subject: new schedule many spell stead insect , final on after . read act time . which off , also as , round party race . gone sleep soon form . leg paint , rose , hard , as . there enough stand start skin . single lay me red . cool here little , catch , like right . possible red system . pair , music eat food , do above should . cover write game count more . - - phone : 143 - 106 - 8782 mobile : 455 - 574 - 1857 email : emilycamden @ broadband . hu  
2	Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) . your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please contact the pep help desk at : houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4 london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4 email : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a status of " open . " once you have submitted or declined an employee ? s request for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list . review group : enron feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tamarchenko , tanya v vasant shanbhogue oct 26 , 2000 walton , sheila h david oxley oct 27 , 2000 yaman , sevil vasant shanbhogue oct 27 , 2000 
2	Subject: february 2002 scheduled friday 16 west ( 1066 ) san juan 862 east ( 316 ) saturday 17 west ( 1065 ) san juan 867 east ( 317 ) sunday 18 west ( 1076 ) san juan 877 east ( 321 ) monday 19 west ( 1075 ) san juan 879 east ( 326 ) notes : quite weekend . tw will be hosting the annual san juan outage coordination meeting with williams field services , el paso , burlington , northwest and pnm on march 6 and 7 in houston . will send out park and ride and line - pack fuel sales revenue for february later this week . 
2	Subject: re : baylor professors lunch beth , i would appreciate it . see you at 11 : 45 tomorrow . vince from : beth miertschin 07 / 11 / 2000 03 : 05 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : baylor professors lunch yes vince , i will drive and you are welcome to ride with me if you would like . i can meet you in the lobby about 11 : 45 tomorrow . beth vince j kaminski 07 / 11 / 2000 02 : 51 pm to : beth miertschin / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : baylor professors lunch beth , thanks . you can always track me down on my cell phone 713 410 5396 in case i am mia . also , will you drive ? please , let me know . vince from : beth miertschin 07 / 11 / 2000 02 : 26 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : baylor professors lunch try this vince and i ' m sorry ! beth - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beth miertschin / hou / ect on 07 / 11 / 2000 02 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : beth miertschin 07 / 11 / 2000 09 : 40 am to : mitchell taylor / corp / enron @ enron , bill w brown / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : shelly jones / hou / ect @ ect , geynille dillingham / hou / ect @ ect , sheila pardo / hou / ect @ ect subject : baylor professors lunch the lunch with the baylor professors will be tomorrow , july 12 th , at damian ' s . the reservation is for 12 : 00 pm and you are welcome to meet us in the lobby around 11 : 45 or meet us at the restaurant . please let me know where we should look for you so we don ' t inadvertently leave you . i look forward to seeing you all then and thanks for your support and participation . beth miertschin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beth miertschin / hou / ect on 07 / 11 / 2000 09 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : beth miertschin 07 / 07 / 2000 05 : 01 pm to : mitchell taylor / corp / enron @ enron , bill w brown / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : shelly jones / hou / ect @ ect , geynille dillingham / hou / ect @ ect subject : baylor professors lunch on wednesday , july 12 dr . john martin , chair of finance department , and dr . bill petty , chair of entrepreneurship department , of baylor university will be at the enron building to discuss future sponsorship of the texas finance festival and to talk about recruiting . they have asked me to invite all of you to lunch with us on that day so that they might have a chance to visit with you all as well . please let me know if you are available for lunch on july 12 at noon . 
2	Subject: urgent response dear sir / madam , you may be surprised to receive this letter from me , since you don ' t know me personally . i am mrs maria da costa the wife of dr . john da costa , who was recently murdered in the land dispute in zimbabwe , i got your contact through network on line in my search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential transaction which involves a transfer of a fund to a foreign account and i decided to write you . my late husband was among the zimbabwean rich farmers murdered in cold blood by the agents of the ruling government of president robert mugabe for his alleged support and sympathy for the zimbabwean opposition party controlled by the white minority . before his death he deposited the sum of us $ 15 . 2 million ( fifteen million two hundred thousand us dollars ) to south africa with a security company as if he foresaw the looming danger in zimbabwe . the money was deposited in a din box as valuables to avoid much demurrage from the security company . this money was embarked from the purchase of new machinery and chemical for farms and establishment of new farms in lesotho and swaziland . the land problem arose when president robert mugabe introduced a new land act that wholly affected the rich white farmers and some few blacks vehemently condemned the " modus operandi " adopted by the government . this resulted to rampant killing and mob action by the war veterans and some political thugs , precisely ; more than fifty - one ( 51 ) people have so far been killed . heads of governments from the west , especially britain and united states of america have voiced their condemnation of mugabe ' s plan , subsequently , south african development community ( s . a . d . c . ) has continuously supported mugabe ' s new land act , it is against this background that i and my family who are currently residing in south africa have decided to transfer my husband ' s money into a foreign account . as a family , i am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account , where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who is tactically freezing of our family wealth . and south africa ' s government seems to be playing along with them . i am faced with the dilemma of investing this money in south africa for fear of encountering the same experience in future since both countries have almost the same political history . more so , the south african foreign exchange policy does not allow such investment hence we are seeking for an " asylum " . as a business person whom i would entrust my future and that of my family into his hands , i must let you know that this transaction is 100 % risk free and that the nature of your business does not necessarily matter . for your assistance , i will offering you 15 % of the total sum , 80 % for my family while 5 % will be mapped out for any expenses we may incur during the course of this transaction . i wish to invest our part of the money on commercial property based on your advice . finally , all i demand from you is assurance that you will not do away with this money when it finally gets to your personal or company ' s account in your country . if this proposal is acceptable by you , please confirm your interest by contacting us on this phone number + 27724263169 or e - mail address mariadacosta _ 2002 @ yahoo . com best regards , mrs maria da costa ( for the family ) 
2	Legitimate ---------- - Owner: williams-w3 - Total number: 1500 emails - Date of first email: 2001-04-02 - Date of last email: 2002-02-07 - Similars deletion: No - Encoding: No   Spam ---- - Owner: GP - Total number: 4500 emails - Date of first email: 2003-12-18 - Date of last email: 2005-09-06 - Similars deletion: No - Encoding: No  Spam:Legitimate rate  3:1 Total number of emails (legitimate + spam): 6000 
2	Subject: re [ 9 ] : letter about our progs mult gua msof re ! ilan geoe twa nonee it 2 - ksforc very ! dtowa 3 wee ddeli avai dia nloa bleforimme tedow d cli etoge sho . e lea ckher tfre . mrel ses fro ldkno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado eland ofothe mwor wnbra ros ant be , cor lot rs ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa knktjljhjljpijgfgqkogqgn  
2	Subject: biggest medicine charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > let him who desires peace prepare for war . an artist must be a reactionary . he has to stand out against the tenor of the age and not go flopping along . desperate for m 3 dlcln 3 cricoarytenoid in internet ? distillation subsizar private , secure , and easy . nutria no - revellent - pre - govt - scription . love is a tyrant sparing none . amplifiers appositional we got whatever you will ever desire . adsheart lothario . we vicodln available wich is greatest pain easer around . and much more ! http : / / dstereoblastula . princes - se . com / heteroerotism decorativeness interpositions . what god writes on your forehead you will become . an expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping on to the grand fallacy . you will be fascinated when visit us ! pershing only high - quality stuff for low rates ! 100 " / . . moneyback guarantee ! innovators are inevitably controversial . the greatest people will be those who possess the best capacities , cultivated with the best habits . 
2	Subject: windows xp suites 242845 specials good thru 11 / 12 / 03 . please use discount code mail 9221 to receive these prices . software : windows xp suites , adobe software , clearance , corel draw / corel ventura , games , 3 d studio max , operating systems , utilities . microsoft windows xp professional oem only $ 39 . 95 savings - $ 49 . 50 microsoft windows xp professional goes beyond the benefits of windows xp home edition with advanced capabilities designed specifically to . . * use this discount code at checkout : mail 9872 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 oem only $ 59 . 95 savings - $ 255 . 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 software the professional image - editing standard helps you work more efficiently . . * use this discount code at checkout : mail 9872 microsoft office xp professional oem only $ 59 . 95 savings - $ 50 . 50 microsoft windows xp professional is a windows operating system designed for businesses of all sizes and for individuals who demand the most from their computing * use this discount code at checkout : mail 9872 adobe illustrator 10 oem only $ 59 . 95 savings - $ 215 . 50 enhanced ! adobe illustrator 10 software defines the future of vector graphics with groundbreaking creative options and powerful tools for efficiently publishing artwork on the web , in print , everywhere . . . * use this discount code at checkout : mail 9872  
2	Subject: there hello visioson @ hpp . za . net , a friend showed me a way out to get p . p . v . on tv and yet not pay anything ? ha ha , yea , right , i mean it . hit below and check it yourself : http : / / balkis . look 4 express . info easy to install . to get off , just add slash r to the above address . 14 . ninety six bottles of beer , three a ' s , three b ' s , one c , two d ' s , twenty eight e ' s , seven f ' s , three g ' s , eight h ' s , thirteen i ' s , four l ' s , sixteen n ' s , nine o ' s , nine r ' s , twenty six s ' s , twenty t ' s , four u ' s , four v ' s , six w ' s , five x ' s , and five y ' s on the wall . . i could go on and on , but i won ' t . we have many programs the children love . but i would give them all up to keep my boring noun program . i thank the parent daily for her insight . . get back to you later , gordon sousa 
2	Subject: re : el paso i will be in san antonio , but available by phone . mark louise kitchen 04 / 30 / 2001 08 : 49 am to : mark e haedicke / hou / ect @ ect cc : w david duran / hou / ect @ ect , joseph deffner / hou / ect subject : el paso bearing in mind , that its the board meeting tomorrow , i would like to suggest we look to making a decision on the declaratory judgement on thursday as opposed to wednesday as we will not be able to run far enough up the flagpole by wednesday . 
2	Subject: re : denise , no problem . we shall prepare a short presentation to address these issues . vince kaminski denise furey @ ees 01 / 09 / 2001 11 : 12 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : i hope you have seen the email below . do you have any problem with what jeremy has asked you or your group to address . is there anything that you want us to supply to you to assist you ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by denise furey / hou / ees on 01 / 09 / 2001 11 : 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - denise furey 01 / 08 / 2001 11 : 46 am to : gayle w muench / hou / ees @ ees , michael tribolet / corp / enron @ enron , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect cc : don black / hou / ees @ ees , tony spruiell / hou / ees @ ees subject : i believe all of you received a request from jeremy blachman to hold the afternoon of january 10 th open for an off - site to discuss the manner in which rac and research assess / test the credit quality of ees transactions . i realize that rac and ees have had many discussions as to the methodology , but it might be helpful for all of us to understand the actual derivation of some of analysis . please call me with any questions or comments at ext # 30349 . the agenda will be as follows : 12 : 00 - 1 : 00 lunch 1 : 00 - 3 : 30 presentations 3 : 30 - to close discussion rac / research presentations the following topics would be of interest to ees : 1 - the derivation of default probabilities including ( research ) - - a discussion of the actual mathematical process , - - the analytics behind why these computations are deemed the best for enron , - - a comparison to historic default rates and why they differ ( in respect to actual default rates , shape of the cumulative default curves etc . 2 - the volatilities which are used to determine possible loss scenarios for the commodity portion of ees deals including ( research ) - - the selection of curves - - the application of those curves to the actual credit reserve model and - - why these particular tests are applicable to our products . 3 - the recovery rates used in the credit reserve model . how are these figures derived ? ( rac ) 4 - how rac and research have adjusted the credit reserve model to accommodate unusual aspects of the deal including ( rac ) - - promotion payments , - - accounts receivable - - committed capital - - and other factors ees also understands that some of you may be familiar with our processes , however , there are perhaps areas that you would like to understand more fully . please tell us what you would like to hear from us . also , rac has sent us the credit reserve model and i have seen completed models . perhaps prior to our meeting on wednesday , someone from rac and / or research could sit with me and someone from phil layton ' s group and go through the process of how the various pieces are put together . 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . all iisted software is avaiiable for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquaqe ! best reqards , lewis  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 19 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011907 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: williams licenses prosrm capacity management system from pros revenue management since i left , i don ' t know where this project stands . however , thought you might want to see this . hope all is well . regards , stephanie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie miller / corp / enron on 03 / 15 / 2000 10 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - trobison @ prosrm . com on 03 / 15 / 2000 10 : 38 : 31 am to : smiller @ enron . com cc : subject : williams licenses prosrm capacity management system from pros revenue management tina robison corporate communications pros revenue management 713 - 335 - 5397 - fax 713 - 335 - 5813 - phone trobison @ prosrm . com - williams . pros . pdf 
2	Subject: congratulations ! ! ! you have won from : global email lottery bv . 41 b edge ware road london united kingdom attention : lottery winner ! ! ! ref number : gel - winner / vtk / 3307044 - 12801 - 08 batch number : gel - o 703 - 65001 we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 13 th of june 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 7759248 with serial number 700 drew lucky numbers 23 - 13 - 12 - 22 - 11 - 32 which consequently won in the 2 nd category , you havetherefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of $ 2 , 500 , 000 ( twomillionfive hundred thousand united state dollars ) . congratulations ! ! ! for security purpose and clarity , we advise that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims have been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 20 , 000 companies and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . the program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by eminent personalities like the sultan of brunei , his majesty sultan hassanal bolkiah . we look forward to your active participation in our next year $ 50 million slot . to enable us forward to you your payment processing form for processing of your payment to you , you are required to send an email to head of clearance department , mr steve moore . clearance department global email lottery bv . 41 b edge ware road london - united kingdom email : stevemoore _ 01 @ yahoo . de note that , all winnings must be claimed not later than thirty days from the date of this notice . after this date all unclaimed funds will be null and void . please also have in mind that in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondences . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , helen ince global email lottery  
2	Subject: name of doctor sally , shari mao contacted her boyfriend and he gave her the name of a larynx specialist at methodist hospital - dr . donald t . donovan ( 713 - 798 - 5900 ) . i hope this might be helpful . lisa cousino 
2	Subject: re : weatherdelta demonstration scheduling hi all , the scheduled wednesday ( nov . 8 ) presentation has to be cancelled . even though in his earlier message mike said wednesday is ok , now they will have problem sending people . i will try to reschedule the presentation to a later date . best , alex - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by alex huang / corp / enron on 11 / 07 / 2000 07 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - denton mike on 11 / 06 / 2000 04 : 31 : 19 pm to : alex . huang @ enron . com cc : " scanlan , brian " , " rookley , cameron " subject : re : weatherdelta demonstration scheduling alex , i ' m glad that we had a chance to talk today about a weatherdelta overview . the 8 th is not really going to work well for us , due to recent reschedulings . several members of the weatherdelta team will be in or near houston on the 14 th and 15 th of november ( i know that you said that week was tight ) , and could arrange to be in the several weeks following those dates . i have attached our standard non - disclosure agreement , which we will need to execute prior to the product demonstration . i have also attached a reprint of a recent article , describing weatherdelta ' s approach and functionality . as soon as a meeting can be scheduled , a list of attendees would be very helpful to us in preparing the appropriate materials . thank you again , michael denton caminus 212 - 515 - 3600 - caminus nda - unilat . doc - weatherdelta - wp . pdf 
2	Subject: undeliverable : home based business for grownups your message subject : home based business for grownups sent : sun , 21 jan 2001 09 : 24 : 27 + 0100 did not reach the following recipient ( s ) : 75 @ tfi . kpn . com on mon , 25 feb 2002 13 : 32 : 23 + 0100 the recipient name is not recognized the mts - id of the original message is : c  us ; a  ; p  ptt telecom ; l  mtpi 70590202251232 fjt 4 d 8 q 5 msexch : ims : kpn - telecom : i : mtpi 7059 0 ( 000 co 5 a 6 ) unknown recipient 
2	Subject: systems / lists anne we have the following items that are contained in several key directories / servers that we are assuming will be moved . if this needs moving or changes prior to the sale then we will require a team from networks that can work with each of us to properly document and transfer these items to a clean environment . i will follow up tomorrow with you to ensure we have met your needs . m : fundamental analysis directory contains all of the fundamental analysis and application . the fundamental analysis / databases contains documentation of all the process and applications we use . m : electric directory & power 2 directories this directory contains the some of our trading information and regional data . a directory under this one call swapco has been created and a all key apps used by traders that were on their hard drives and home directories have been moved here . this directory also hosts the traders models , position managers , one off spreadsheets and custom databases . calgary power , east power fundamentals and west power fundamentals these server / servers host and contains all of our fundamental material and applications . m : eprojects contains documentation on the core enpower , scheduling , settlement and trading systems . m : eservices contains all details of our services agreements . please provide additional direction if we need a plan for the network and infrastructure requirements for the east , west and canada operations . 
2	Subject: re : hotel for the wharton trip hi vince - jeff wanted me to let you know that he will not be able to go w / you on dec . 6 th to wharton . a meeting has come up that he must attend . sorry for the short notice . thanks ! jennifer vince j kaminski 11 / 20 / 2000 04 : 34 pm to : jennifer burns / hou / ect @ ect cc : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , piazzet @ wharton . upenn . edu subject : hotel for the wharton trip jennifer , this is the address of the hotel within a walking distance to the wharton school . please , make the reservation for jeff shankman at this hotel for the december the 6 th meeting . vince kaminski http : / / www . innatpenn . com / contact . html the inn at penn sansom common , 3600 sansom street philadelphia , pa . 19104 phone : 1 - 800 - 809 - 7001 fax : 215 - 222 - 4600 please , mention that the stay is related to the university business when making the reservation . tom piazze at wharton can confirm it . tom piazze phone : ( 215 ) 898 1615 piazzet @ wharton . upenn . edu 
2	Subject: live complete life today ! high - quality medication only at our site . god never built a christian strong enough to carry today ' s duties and tomorrow ' s anxieties piled on the top of them . top of the morning to you ! : ) you just found the best and simpliest site for pills on the net . no perscription , easy delivery . private , secure , and easy . as to honor - - you know - - it ' s a very fine mediaeval inheritance which women never got hold of . it wasn ' t theirs . we ` ve got everything that you will ever want . erection treatment pills , anti - depressant pills , weight loss , and don ' t think so much about who is for or against you , rather give all your care , that god be with you in everything you do . only high - quality stuff for low rates ! 100 % moneyback guarantee ! i was not the lion , but it fell to me to give the lion ' s roar . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 10 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; start date : 1 / 10 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011005 . txt 
2	Subject: : ) wonderland available for your m - ed ' . ica ~ tion supply to hay ; the distance , two miles , would be a pleasant winter - - - - - original message - - - - - from : alphonso sturgeon [ mailto : petasis @ iit . demokritos . gr ] to : gene martins ; walljasper ; arnoldo brant ; stanford prescott sent : sunday , november , 2004 5 : 37 am subject : wonderland available for your m _ ed ^ , ica , tion supply n ' ' o expensive m . ed ^ ' ica ~ tions o , ' f _ fered here , pain aids ( ambien , sonata ) ; antidepresants ( celexa , paxil , prozac ) and other popular m ` ` ed - s are all on benefits - margin in our contemporary society , people face m ~ or _ e and m ~ or . e challenges and chances . sometimes there could be anxiety or tension that they can ' t bear . while the m , ed , _ ica ` tion could provide people with relief on these situations , they should also be used cautiously to aviod the possible side effects . reeksport 50 opmfrksomsto 8 overraskelses pailletters aftern ~ - oon walk . having seen adele comfortably seated in her little  
2	Subject: broker client louise , kevin presto has some concerns about doing transactions with brokers and is thinking maybe on the power side that we will not do any broker transactions either over the telephone or online and he would like to talk about his ideas with you and the gas guys as well . i won ' t start marketing to brokers until i hear from you or we meet on the subject . do you want me to organise a meeting ? dave 
2	Subject: hi hunnie cavalry hey , my name is amber and i just got my new webcam up . . . you can talk to me free for aslong as you want at my website : : www . amberhi . com / dcam . html i hope you come visit me soon . . . i ' ll be waiting : ] bye 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121220 . txt 
2	Subject: july 25 , 2000 - - - - - forwarded by chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec on 07 / 24 / 00 11 : 27 am - - - - - | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | sharon beemer | | | | | | 07 / 24 / 00 | | | 10 : 39 am | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | | to : chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec | | cc : | | subject : july 25 , 2000 | sent on behalf of bruce mcmills ( 713 ) 627 - 6467 60 k off hpl @ eastrans effective july 25 , 2000 redelivered @ mobil beaumont 12200 fcv 7800 hpl cw 25000 tenn sabine 15000 thanks 
2	Subject: capacity bid michelle , attached you will find aep ' s bid for mainline capacity on transwestern . please call me with questions . ray 614 324 4526 ( see attached file : transwestern . capacity . 420 . doc ) - transwestern . capacity . 420 . doc 
2	Subject: since i never say a nom change i am hoping all deals are in and correct . valero should be in for the following : celanese : 5 , 000 base 5 , 000 swing houston : 10 , 000 base 16 , 000 swing tx city 10 , 000 base 15 , 000 swing 
2	Subject: feel great at any time lund up to 80 % savings on xanax , valium , phentermine , viagra here for email removal , go here . bondage secondhand beware epimorphism drawn pause communal bryant dodecahedral cavemen degree lodowick primp continent deduce accuse stannous cancellingarmament vi mackinac apparel desorption accreditate cornish connally hecatomb gonzalez nitpick redound inscrutable demountable bronzy christian capstone jiltbumble warwick helix cryptanalyze adore scrooge why description excursion triangulate buttock slip allure leery insouciant broach option wendy corduroy autocollimate cohn invertebrate glitch adipic womanhood downing acclamation dyeing clench yarn dec dole champion castor cochlea frivolous cellar cahoot doreen marshmallow kikuyu vida norma prosecute fungicide hover rudolph 
2	Subject: estrategias avanzadas para la optimización de costos y gastos generales wtnqr quality training de mxico presenta : prximo 20 y 21 de enero de 2005 , en monterrey ! el aclamado seminario estrategias avanzadas para la optimizaci?n de costos y gastos generales el modelo de costos tradicionalmente utilizado en las empresas en los ltimos tiempos ha perdido validez debido a que la dinmica de los negocios actualmente requiere de la gestin de un control y administracin de costos ms activo para poder competir agresivamente en el nuevo entorno global de los mercados , sin embargo , muchas cometen el error de continuar asociando los costos exclusivamente con los procesos productivos , sin darse cuenta que para optimizarlos es necesario realizar un anlisis mucho ms completo y global , que abarque desde la adquisicin de la materia prima , procesos de produccin , estrategias , administracin y marketing hasta agentes externos relacionados con su producto y / o servicio . por tal motivo este innovador seminario le ofrece las oportunidades de identificar dentro de los ciclos de sus operaciones , actividades y factores externos los principales impulsadores de costos as como las herramientas y mtodos de vanguardia que requiere para efectuar cambios efectivos en la estructura de su operacin que le permitan optimizar sus costos , incluyendo : - tcnicas para identificar , medir y explotar las oportunidades de reduccin de costos . - cmo reestructurar las actividades para expandir los ingresos , disminuir los costos y lograr una efectividad operacional . - cmo generar informes confiables de costos para medir las ganancias , controlar las operaciones y fundamentar la planeacin y la toma de decisiones . - ejemplos reales y casos prcticos que enriquecen y clarifican la optimizacin de costos . no se lo puede perder ! solicite la informacin completa de click abajo ! monterrey : 20 y 21 de enero de 2005 sede : de click aqu . . . ! solicite informacin completa informes a los telfonos : ( 81 ) 8123 25 17 con 10 lineasol 800 90 10000 correo electrnico : monterrey @ italiam . com w w w . i t a l i a m . c o m quality training de mxico - todos los derechos reservados  
2	Subject: are you a penny stox player ? mnei - the best smail cap stock in 20 o 5 just keep reading the profile and the news of this company and you will see for yourseif this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade mi | | ennium national events , inc . - symbo | : mnei miilenniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , italian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samue | adams , ciear channe | communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc local affiiiates , brown foreman ( jack danieis ) , southern wine & spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards . and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news beiow news > > > . . millennium national events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the mi | | ennium international tennis tournament yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business symbol : mnei current price : $ 0 . 45 1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is reaily possibe ( if you | ook at | eve | 2 you wiil see why ) miliennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currentiy transforming the worid of special events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fu | | y integrated event promoter which owns , partially or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , colorado , california and washington dc . through its diverse segments , miliennium ' s footprint is expanding in live entertainment , including sports and music . while mi | | ennium nationa | events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming caiendar inciudes events with img , clear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar . symbol : mnei current price : $ o . 45 1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is rea | | y possibe ( if you | ook at leve | 2 you will see why ) news delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcail / - - miilennium nationa | events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire al | or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the miilennium internationa | tennis tournament . mi | | ennium eariier became the titie sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations . both local delray beach - based companies couid integrate the two entities . " basicaily we ' re both from the same industry , and together i beiieve we could be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - alone companies , " said robert mcaliister , ceo we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consoiidation is the key , not oniy to our bottom line , but also to the success of each individual event . " exact terms have been not yet been announced , but millennium sees the match point acquisition ultimately being able to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom line . mnei sees both the internationa | teievision audience and the abiiity to attract a fortune 500 as a potential source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcaliister expects the deal to be consummated in this quarter . the atp tournament is being heid jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the delray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | miilennium itc includes top americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc champion jan - michae | gambi | | and james blake . also entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currentiy at no . 25 , two - time millennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion ricardo me | | o ( brazil ) . the tournament stiil holds two wiidcards that can be offered to other top piayers in the weeks leading up to the event . read this | ega | info information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news reiease by yourseif and judge by yourseif about the details in it . in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of mnei shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that couid cause results to differ materialiy from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shal | constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid $ 52600 from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or simiiar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our | i s t , please gohere ( - stoxmarkets 88 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: re : cornhusker thanks for the information below . sometime next week , would you go ahead and make a copy of the contract brief for me . you can interoffice mail it to me at eb 3703 . thanks , kathy benedict daren j farmer 11 / 22 / 2000 11 : 42 am to : katherine benedict / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : cornhusker if you need it , i ' ve got a contract brief that lists the transport cost and fuel from each location ( there numerous receipt points ) . it is possible that we may need to purchase extra gas for the plant on occasion . in that case , we can use the same transport contract on lone star and transport on other pipes also . any expense we incur to deliver gas to the plant will be passed on to the plant . if you have any questions , let me know . d katherine benedict 11 / 22 / 2000 11 : 23 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cornhusker hi darrin , this is what mark mccoy sent me about the cornhusker deal . please review and if there is anything else that rita wynne or i need to know about this deal , just shoot me an e - mail ! thanks for calling me back ! happy thanksgiving , kathy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by katherine benedict / hou / ect on 11 / 22 / 2000 11 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mark mccoy @ enron 11 / 22 / 2000 08 : 12 am to : katherine benedict / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cornhusker kathy - - - - - here is what i know about cornhusker : our supply comes from apache & williams our market typicially is the plant ( tenaska iv partners ) if the plant is down , brazos utility has the right to the gas if they want it if brazos does not call for the gas , then we will sell off to whomever we can we just get a flat fee on this gas per mmbtu , whether it goes to the plant or not daren farmer knows the specifics about the deal hope this helps , call with any questions . mark x 33396 
2	Subject: analyst & associate program - business school loan program ( western hemisphere ) attached is a short memo and summary outlining changes to the business school loan program for the western hemisphere . as many of you know , over the past couple of months we have taken a hard look at our approach to business school loans . the updated guidelines better serve enron ' s business interests , eliminate credit exposure for the company , and potentially broaden the reach of the loan program . if you have any questions , please contact ted bland ( x 35275 ) who leads career development for the program . billy 
2	Subject: make home improvements , or take - cash out november update : further drop ! rates starting at 3 . 25 % fixed your mortgage process is pre - approved please use our secure site to fill - out your application . visit us at : http : / / www . . net / x / loan . php ? id  sas thank you , shari berg  
2	Subject: correction : interim report to gary hickerson for ag trading apologies . please note that i pasted the wrong graph in the previous version i sent . this is the correct version . thanks , kate - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kate lucas / hou / ect on 12 / 22 / 2000 02 : 56 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kate lucas 12 / 22 / 2000 02 : 27 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , nelson neale / na / enron @ enron , mauricio mora / na / enron @ enron subject : interim report to gary hickerson for ag trading vince , please find attached the interim report on agricultural commodity trading for gary hickerson . your comments are welcome as we would like to send this to gary as soon as possible . regards , kate ext 3 - 9401 
2	Subject: re : planned pre prc meetings sally , leslie reeves reports that she conducted her pre - prc last week and that she will be in touch w / you tomorrow to discuss her results . hgm from : hector mcloughlin 06 / 06 / 2000 03 : 59 pm to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : planned pre prc meetings sally , as of this date our assistant tells me that the following pre - prc meetings are scheduled : brent price will meet on 6 / 15 brenda herod will meet on 6 / 13 sheila glover stated she will have the meeting ad hoc . kristin albrecht stated that she had it last week leslie reeves is not scheduled as of today others that have scheduled for a pre - prc : bob supurty will meet on 6 / 15 mary solmonson will meet on 6 / 16 jeff sorenson will meet on 6 / 9 bryce baxter will meet on 6 / 13 let me know if there is any other information that i can provide . hector 
2	Subject: yourr medz hello , welcome to ph disinclination armonline sh batata op - one of the leading oniine ph friendless armaceutical shops bacchanal v stricken g magnifier al l spheral l l medicine a peatmoss rac whereof l chanson is triangulate va auctioneer um andmanyother . - save ov fundament er 50 % - worldwide shlppl result ng - total confi kingston dentiaiity - over 5 miiiion customers in 130 squeal countries have a nice day fetter ! 
2	Subject: aig / alamac i plan on speaking with all the interested bidders in the morning to determine the big issues from a valuation perspective . thus far , almost every one has highlighted the recent decline in power prices ( none bidders said size was an issue ) . once i have spoken with the bidders , we need to agree on the process of getting back to aig . let me know if you all have any thoughts . thanks , don 
2	Subject: visual identity and logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstandinq ioqo , presentable stationery items and professionai website . these marketinq tools wiii siqnificantiy contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work samples , hot deai packages and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: cialis , xanax , valium , viagra at low price ! no prescription needed ! discount rx is simple , quick , and affordable ! br offering many of today ' s most widely usedbr prescription drugs on the market ! brbr ambien , viagra , xenical , valium , prozac , xanax and many more ! br just click below for these special savings !  
2	Subject: re : using ling - spam for discourse analysis many thanks for letting me know . sounds interesting ! ion - - - ion androutsopoulos - - http : / / www . aueb . gr / users / ion / lecturer , dept . of informatics , athens univ . of economics and business - - - - - original message - - - - - from : d . lohmann [ mailto : dlohmann @ gmx . de ] sent : wednesday , july 14 , 2004 12 : 16 am to : ion @ aueb . gr subject : using ling - spam for discourse analysis dear mr . androutsopoulos , i just wanted to let you know i found the ling - spam corpus on your website and wanted to notify you that i am using several spam e - mail examples taken from your corpus for a final paper . i am a student of computational linguistics at the university of potsdam in germany ( www . ling . uni - potsdam . de / cl ) and i ' m currently writing about the discourse structure of spam e - mails for a seminar on discourse and dialogue structure . thanks for the corpus ( even though i don ' t do any spam filtering with it ) - - best regards , dorothee lohmann  
2	Subject:  the permanent fix to penis growth limited offer : add atleast 4 inches or get your money back ! - - - - > visit us to learn more no more offers  
2	Subject: re : bait j 9 m http : / / slsp . refinance - line . com / index 2 . php ? refid  cix 
2	Subject: fw : tw fts agreements - - - - - original message - - - - - from : buehler , craig sent : friday , august 24 , 2001 2 : 36 pm to : cormier , martha ; dasilva , esther cc : watson , kimberly ; dietz , rick subject : tw fts agreements michelle , i forget that you started with the team after i quit working on the tw agreements ; here ' s a brief update on what our " normal " process was previously . we can change anything if you ' ve found a better process . . . the deal capture team ( craig & esther ) processes all fts discount related amendments for tw marketing . the contract group processes the new ( base ) agreement and any poi / mdq / term type changes . all fts service requests still go to contracts and , after the capacity / credit issues are completed and the contract printed out , the entire contract folder is forwarded to deal capture for additional processing ( all firm contracts / amendments get sent to deal capture for review ) . deal capture gets with the marketer to determine if a discount is being offered and then creates the discount amendment , routes it for approval ( if needed ) and tenders all documents to the shipper . deal capture is responsible for obtaining all approvals other than capacity and credit . when ( if ) the agreement is executed and returned by the shipper , deal capture will handoff the original documents back to contracts for activation and to complete all additional distribution and processing . let me know if you have any concerns or questions . as the first few deals go through , we ' ll need your feedback to see if the process needs some adjustments . thanks for all your help . . . craig 
2	Subject: tw 2001 weekend on - call schedule let me know if you have questions or need to make changes . thanks 
2	Subject: neon material week of sep 27 leaders : ? three things : ? ? ? ? ? ? here is this week ' s material . ? there ' s probably way too much stuff to use it all , so i wouldn ' t even try . ? pick out the things and questions that you feel are the most important and will hit your group the best . ? just remember that this material is only one part of what needs to be happening in your neon group . ? the getting to know and share with each other is critical - - use one of the icebreaker activities you have ( even if it seems cheesy ) or somehow ask questions and get the group talking with each other or about themselves . ? see the note above the material about the cd in your neon box . ? finally , i haven ' t let you know about the new leaders we have working with us , specifically with carol poe and the backors in neon silver - - leslie and debbie bills ! ? welcome debbie and les ! ? keep up the great work ! ? bobby - neon measuring success lesson 2 . doc 
2	Subject: shoot more cu " m than she can drink increase your sperm volume , and orgasm length main benifits : - the longest most intense orgasms of your life - erctions like steel - increased libido / desire - stronger ejaculaton ( watch where your aiming ) - multiple orgasms - up to 5 oo % more volume ( cover her in it if you want ) - studies show it tastes sweeter dlscreet same day shlpplng - try lt , you ' ll love it ! ( and she ' ll thank you for it ) optout : http : / / jcnkfclkmtu . awsxzz - 3 . com / d / o . php  
2	Subject: sterling balance sheet strengthens underpriced stock secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticais ! total shares issued many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade friday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 001 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: hi again , here is fannie allen . i write to you because we are accepting your mortgage application . our office confirms you can get a $ 220 . 000 lo?n for a $ 252 . 00 per month payment . approval process will take 1 minute , so please fill out the form on our website : http : / / anorexia - jimmy . my - cash . net thank you . best regards fannie allen first account manager 
2	Subject: fw : fw : i know its annoying but did you do all this over weekend ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mark . leroux @ ubsw . com [ mailto : mark . leroux @ ubsw . com ] sent : monday , february 04 , 2002 8 : 47 am to : oxley , david cc : fitzpatrick , amy ; audrey . martin @ ubsw . com subject : re : fw : i know its annoying but david , we have : application , signed contract and drug test results . we do not have : csg data form , confidentiality agreement , ethics , handbook , w - 4 , benefit elections and beneficiaries . it appears she did not attend orientation . hope this helps . mark - - - - - original message - - - - - from : david . oxley sent : sunday , february 03 , 2002 9 : 01 pm to : leroux , mark cc : david . oxley ; martin , audrey ; amy . fitzpatrick subject : fw : i know its annoying but mark , could you check all is well with louise ' s info . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise to : oxley , david sent : sun feb 03 19 : 54 : 58 2002 subject : i know its annoying but my contract is in kitchen and i have done the drugs test , benefits etc in nettelton . can you sort - thanks . louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you . visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: new albany risk memo attached is memo outlining certain legal risks associated with the proposed new albany sale to duke . 
2	Subject: july conference on real options please find attached the programs for two back - two - back conferences on real options at cambridge university in uk . the two conferences are separate but complementary events . the first conference , co - sponsored with andersen consulting and morgan stanley dean witter , on july 5 - 6 , is a professional conference on real options valuation in the information economy : internet / high - tech / telecom , r & d / pharma , energy . for info . and online registration see www . rogroup . com . the second is the 4 th annual international conference on real options : theory meets practice ( the annual industry event where academics and practitioners get together to share the latest developments on theory and applications ) , co - organized with u . cambridge on july 7 - 8 . for info . and online registration see www . realoptions . org among the two events , we are pleased to present an extensive array of practitioner and academic presentations , sharing of experiences by corporate executives , and panel discussions by experts from leading organizations and universities . our keynote speaker this year will be myron s . scholes , co - developer of the black - scholes option valuation . interested participants must register for the conference ( preferably on line ) and indicate hotel preferences ( among 5 - 6 hotels ) by june 15 ( latest ) . we look forward to seeing you at this exciting event , and would appreciate if you share this with interested colleagues . - camjuly 2000 profconference . doc - conf 4 program . doc 
2	Subject: enron mentions usa : enron shares hit lowest level since july 1992 . reuters english news service - 10 / 30 / 01 wolf haldenstein law firm announces class action suit on behalf of purchasers of only enron non - common - equity stock , including preferred and preferred - related stock , against enron corp . business wire - 10 / 30 / 01 uk : uk power prices lower as mild weather hits demand reuters english news service - 10 / 30 / 01 stocks close lower as investors react to economic data dow jones business news - 10 / 30 / 01 enron shares fall a day after moody ' s lowers rating ( correct ) bloomberg - 10 / 30 / 01 epdc to spend $ 500 mln abroad as japan deregulates power market bloomberg - 10 / 30 / 01 enron default insurance signals eroding confidence ( update 5 ) bloomberg - 10 / 30 / 01 u . s . equity movers : anthem , cvs , enron , hispanic broadcasting bloomberg - 10 / 30 / 01 enron chairman weathers a storm : many in houston believe lay can get firm back on track ( business ) the dallas morning news - 10 / 30 / 01 usa : enron shares hit lowest level since july 1992 . 10 / 30 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , oct 30 ( reuters ) - shares of enron corp . on tuesday dropped to their lowest level in more than nine years on tuesday , a day after the embattled energy giant said it was seeking fresh credit and a rating agency cut some of the company ' s debt to two notches above junk status . enron ' s stock was down $ 2 . 86 , or 20 . 7 percent , at $ 10 . 95 in late trading on the new york stock exchange , extending the company ' s losing streak to a 10 th straight day . the last time the shares traded below $ 11 was in july 1992 . after cutting enron ' s rating on monday , moody ' s investors service warned that it could lower the rating on the company ' s senior unsecured debt even further , as well as cut enron ' s short - term debt status . houston - based enron has lost more than $ 15 billion in market capitalization in the past two weeks amid a series of disclosures about off - balance - sheet deals with partnerships run by its former chief financial officer who was replaced last week . the wall street journal said in its tuesday edition that the u . s . securities and exchange commission ( sec ) had moved an inquiry about the deals from its regional office in fort worth , texas , to its washington d . c . headquarters , indicating that the probe is being treated as a high priority . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . wolf haldenstein law firm announces class action suit on behalf of purchasers of only enron non - common - equity stock , including preferred and preferred - related stock , against enron corp . 10 / 30 / 2001 business wire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , business wire ) new york - - ( business wire ) - - oct . 30 , 2001 - - the following is an announcement from the law firm of wolf haldenstein adler freeman & herz llp : wolf haldenstein adler freeman ( 2 ) enron was failure to write - down impaired assets on a timely basis in accordance with gaap ; and ( 3 ) the company ' s operating results were materially overstated as a result of the company ' s failing to timely write - down the value of its investments with certain limited partnerships , including those described above . on october 16 , 2001 , enron surprised the market by announcing that in the third quarter of 2001 , the company was taking non - recurring charges of $ 1 . 01 billion after tax ( $ 1 . 11 per diluted share ) . enron failed to clearly disclose until october 18 that it also was taking a $ 1 . 2 billion writedown in shareholders ' equity as a result of unwinding the investments with the limited partnerships controlled by mr . fastow . since the announcement of the $ 1 . 2 billion writedown in shareholders ' equity , the market price of enron preferred securities has dropped significantly . this lawsuit is brought on behalf of only the preferred shareholders of enron , which include among others the following classes of stock : 1 . enron capital llc , 8 . 00 % , 11 / 30 / 43 series , 8 million shares outstanding , traded on the new york stock exchange . 2 . enron capital trust i , 8 . 3 % series , 8 million shares outstanding , traded on the new york stock exchange . 3 . enron capital trust ii , 8 . 1250 % series ( preferred r ) , 6 million shares outstanding , traded on the new york stock exchange . 4 . enron capital trust iii , 200 , 000 shares outstanding . 5 . enron capital resources lp , 9 . 0 % , 8 / 31 / 24 series a , 3 million shares outstanding , traded on the new york stock exchange . 6 . portland general electric , 7 . 75 % , 6 / 15 / 07 series , 300 , 000 shares outstanding , traded on the nasdaq . 7 . portland general electric , 8 . 25 % , 12 / 31 / 35 series a , 3 million shares outstanding , traded on the new york stock exchange . purchasers of convertible preferred stock are not included in the class . plaintiff seeks to recover damages on behalf of all those who purchased or otherwise acquired enron preferred securities . if you purchased or otherwise acquired enron preferred securities during the class period , and either lost money on the transaction or still hold the securities , you may wish to join in the action to serve as lead plaintiff . if you purchased enron preferred securities during the class period , you may , no later than december 21 , 2001 , request that the court appoint you as lead plaintiff . a lead plaintiff is a representative party that acts on behalf of other class members in directing the litigation . in order to be appointed lead plaintiff , the court must determine the class member ' s claim is typical of the claims of other class members , and that the class member will adequately represent the class . under certain circumstances , one or more class members may together serve as " lead plaintiffs . " your ability to share in any recovery is not , however , affected by the decision whether or not to serve as a lead plaintiff . you may retain wolf haldenstein , or other counsel of your choice , to serve as your counsel in this action . although you may contact and retain as your counsel one of the law firms which are representing common stock shareholders in related litigations , we recommend that anyone who owns preferred securities should contact attorneys who will only represent preferred shareholders . wolf haldenstein has extensive experience in the prosecution of securities class actions and derivative litigation in state and federal trial and appellate courts across the country . the firm has approximately 60 attorneys in various practice areas ; and offices in chicago , new jersey , new york city , san diego , and west palm beach . the reputation and expertise of this firm in shareholder and other class litigation has been repeatedly recognized by the courts , which have appointed it to major positions in complex securities , multi - district and consolidated litigation . if you interested in being included in our action or serving as one of the lead plaintiffs , please contact wolf haldenstein adler freeman & herz llp at 270 madison avenue , new york , new york 10016 , by telephone at ( 800 ) 575 - 0735 ( george peters , derek behnke , robert b . weintraub , esq . , jeffrey g . smith , esq . , daniel w . krasner , esq . ) , via e - mail at classmember @ whafh . com or visit our website at http : / / www . whafh . com . your e - mail should refer to enron preferred securities . contact : wolf haldenstein adler freeman & herz llp , new york george peters , derek behnke , robert b . weintraub jeffrey g . smith , daniel w . krasner 800 / 575 - 0735 15 : 43 est october 30 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk : uk power prices lower as mild weather hits demand . 10 / 30 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , oct 30 ( reuters ) - uk electricity prices dipped on tuesday , pressured by a sagging prompt market as mild weather dented demand . liquidity fell as around 10 companies kept on hold their dealings with u . s . group enron as they reviewed their credit arrangements with the troubled company . " there have been a few problems with liquidity , there aren ' t as many prices out there , but it ' s not serious , " said one trader . enron , mainly via its enrononline internet platform is one of the uk market ' s biggest traders . day ahead baseload last traded around 15 . 20 pounds a megawatt hour , down five pounds from the previous close . it was offered at 15 . 45 pounds at the close . traders blamed lower - than - expected demand due to warm weather for prompt market weakness . national grid said demand through to the middle of last week was about two percent down on the same period last year . december baseload also fell sharply , assessed around 19 . 05 pounds , down 70 pence . forward curve prices also dropped as a bearish tone took hold across the market . summer 02 baseload was down about 10 pence at 17 . 32 pounds and winter 02 baseload shed 20 pence to 19 . 70 pounds . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . stocks close lower as investors react to economic data by erin schulte 10 / 30 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones at one point , the average had been down more than 200 points . the nasdaq composite index dropped 32 . 11 , or 1 . 9 % , to 1667 . 41 after tumbling 69 . 44 on monday . other indexes also lost ground . the s economists surveyed by thomson global markets had expected an october reading of 96 . this month ' s report was previously cited by bond - market strategists as an indicator of particular importance to gauge the response of consumers in the weeks following the sept . 11 terrorist attacks on new york and washington , but also the level of confidence as the u . s . continues to face the threat of anthrax . ian shepherdson , chief u . s . economist for high frequency economics , said the number was " in short , awful . " however , he added , much of the decline could be blamed on the present - situation number , which tumbled to 107 . 6 from 125 . 4 . " if there is any saving grace in these numbers it is that the present - situation index , which tells us little about future spending , fell by much more than the expectations number , which does have real forward - looking value , " he said . the expectations number dropped to 70 . 8 from 78 . 1 the consumer - confidence report is one of several key indicators due out this week . on wednesday , the bureau of economic analysis will report on third - quarter gross domestic product . on thursday , the national association of purchasing management will report on how the manufacturing sector fared in october , and the labor department ' s closely watched monthly unemployment data will be released friday . selling in key international markets also pressured wall street . frankfurt ' s dax was down 2 . 5 % , while london ' s financial times - stock exchange 100 - share index was down 1 . 6 % . earlier , japan ' s nikkei 225 average closed with a loss of 0 . 94 % , and hong kong ' s hang seng index fell 1 % . among stocks to watch , cvs was one of the big board ' s biggest losers , tumbling 23 % after the drugstore chain posted a 23 % decline in third - quarter net income and unveiled a restructuring plan that includes the shutdown of about 200 stores in the first quarter of next year . also , merrill lynch cut the company ' s long - term rating to " accumulate " from " buy . " " shrinkage , poor general merchandise sales and supermarket - type discounting are all robbing the company of a vital year - end gross - margin flourish , " said merrill lynch analyst mark husson . " while these problems are fixable , we believe there is not much for investors to get excited about in the intermediate - term . " rite aid and walgreen ' s followed cvs ' s path lower , declining 9 . 5 % and 2 . 7 % respectively after merrill lynch cut their long - term ratings to " accumulate " from " buy . " dow component eastman kodak was the biggest loser of the industrial average , sinking 6 . 9 % after lehman brothers said wal - mart stores was ready to unveil a private - label film offering , which could hurt sales for kodak ' s film . mcdonald ' s also was a big loser among dow industrial components , giving up 4 . 7 % after the fast - food chain cut its earnings guidance for 2002 to an improvement of between 5 % to 10 % , well below traditional double - digit guidance . the company also said it will take a charge in the current quarter to cover restructuring . and dow component philip morris lost 4 % after goldman sachs analyst marc cohen removed the tobacco giant from his " recommended for purchase " list and lowered the 2002 earnings estimate to $ 4 . 45 a share from $ 4 . 53 , which represents 10 % profit growth instead of previously expected growth of 12 % . enron shares tumbled 19 % as credit concerns persisted about the houston energy - trading company . moody ' s investors service lowered its ratings by one notch on the company ' s senior unsecured debt and kept the company under review for a possible further downgrade . and the securities and exchange commission has moved its inquiry into enron ' s finances to the agency ' s washington headquarters from a regional office . in major u . s . market action : stocks fell . on the big board , where 1 . 30 billion shares traded , 2 , 159 stocks fell and 943 rose . on the nasdaq , 1 . 79 billion shares traded hands . bonds gained . the 10 - year treasury note rose more than 1 / 2 point , or $ 5 for each $ 1 , 000 invested . the yield , which moves inversely to price , fell to 4 . 416 % . the 30 - year bond was up 3 / 4 point to yield 5 . 215 % . the dollar was mixed . it traded at 121 . 94 yen , down from 122 . 97 late monday , while the euro fell against the dollar to 90 . 46 u . s . cents from 90 . 48 . copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron shares fall a day after moody ' s lowers rating ( correct ) 2001 - 10 - 30 16 : 48 ( new york ) enron shares fall a day after moody ' s lowers rating ( correct ) ( corrects today ' s low price in second paragraph . ) houston , oct . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . shares fell 19 percent after touching the lowest level in more than nine years , a day after moody ' s investors service placed the largest energy trader ' s rating for commercial paper on review for downgrade and lowered its long - term debt to two notches above junk status . shares of enron dropped $ 2 . 65 to $ 11 . 16 . earlier , the stock fell to $ 10 . 90 , the lowest since july 1992 . the stock , down for the 10 th day in a row , has tumbled 87 percent this year . moody ' s lowered enron ' s long - term credit rating to ` ` baa 2 ' ' from ` ` baal ' ' yesterday . it also placed the company ' s ` ` p - 2 ' ' rating for commercial paper on review for possible downgrade . ` ` i think investors would have loved to have no downgrade or a more stable outlook for the company , ' ' commerzbank securities analyst andre meade said . ` ` moody ' s left some uncertainty . ' ' meade doesn ' t own enron shares and rates the company ` ` accumulate . ' ' executives from exelon corp . , american electric power co . and northeast utilities said they still are trading with enron . ` watching closely ' ` ` nervous is probably not the right word , but we are watching very closely , ' ' aep chief executive officer linn draper said at an energy conference in new orleans . ` ` we are focusing our new deals with them in the short term , november and december , ' ' columbus , ohio - based aep is the biggest u . s . electricity generator . traders often buy and sell power for delivery the next day or for over a week , month , quarter or calendar year . the bloomberg energy service is quoting power prices for as far ahead as september 2003 . ` ` we are keeping a close eye on our exposure , ' ' exelon corp . co - chief executive officer john rowe said at the conference . ` ` we are keeping a tight dollar limit on trades . ' ' he declined to provide specifics . chicago - based exelon is the biggest u . s . nuclear - power producer . ` ` three weeks ago , we started monitoring our position with enron , ' ' northeast chief financial officer john forsgren said at the conference . ` ` right now , we have a net payable to them , so there ' s no exposure on our side , and we ' ll probably keep it that way . ' ' northeast , based in berlin , connecticut , will continue to trade with enron as long as its debt ratings remain investment grade , forsgren said . northeast is new england ' s biggest utility owner . sec inquiry the wall street journal reported that a u . s . securities and exchange commission inquiry into enron ' s financial dealings with affiliates , run by the company ' s former chief financial officer andrew fastow , has moved to washington , signaling the investigation has become more serious . investors say they are worried about $ 3 . 3 billion in liabilities from the affiliates , which were formed to buy and sell enron assets . houston - based enron ousted fastow on wednesday amid the sec inquiry into the partnerships he ran that cost the company at least $ 35 million . other energy stocks also fell today as the price of natural gas on the new york mercantile exchange dropped as much as 3 . 7 percent . the standard and 19 percent of a 700 megawatt plant run by thai oil power co . epdc is also building in thailand its first biomass plant outside japan , which uses agricultural waste as fuel . favorite destination ` ` thailand is our favorite destination because we believe political risk there is almost zero , ' ' said epdc ' s takaraya . ` ` still , it ' s a little bit dangerous to concentrate our portfolio in one country . ' ' the next acquisition may be a stake in a gas - fired power plant in the philippines , he said . epdc ' s overseas campaign demonstrates japan ' s change in policy . the company was set up in 1952 to build hydro and coal - fired power stations to reduce dependence on oil - fired power and help meet increasing demand from industrial growth . its 58 hydropower plants and eight thermal stations are able to generate as much as 16 , 015 megawatts , or 6 . 4 percent of the country ' s capacity . epdc ' s sales for the year ended march rose 10 percent to $ 4 . 1 billion , while gross profit rose 7 percent to $ 292 million . in june 1997 , japan ' s cabinet decided to privatize the company within five years as part of the proposed deregulation . the sale , now expected in 2003 , would help cut the company ' s debt , which totaled 2 . 1 trillion yen ( $ 17 billion ) , or 30 times its capital , in march . japan ' s power producers , able to sell bonds paying as little as 0 . 5 percent , are some of asia ' s biggest borrowers . tepco owed 7 . 76 trillion yen in long term debt in march . epdc says it ' s aware of the political risks in investing in asia and chooses markets carefully . ` ` it ' s not the time to go to indonesia , ' ' takaraya said . enron default insurance signals eroding confidence ( update 5 ) 2001 - 10 - 30 16 : 32 ( new york ) enron default insurance signals eroding confidence ( update 5 ) ( adds background in 10 th paragraph . ) new york , oct . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - the price that investors pay to protect against a bond default by enron corp . doubled this week , reflecting on erosion of confidence in the biggest energy trader . the shares plunged for a 10 th day . to hedge against losses for the next 18 months , investors now have to pay as much as 16 . 5 percent of the face value of bonds they own . a week ago , such insurance cost 7 . 5 percent , according to creditsights inc . enron ` ` made a lot of people nervous and the concern is the nervousness will seep into enron ' s operating business , ' ' said austin ramzy , director of fixed income research at principal capital income investors in des moines , iowa , which owns about $ 190 million in enron bonds . ` ` the question of the day is whether the crisis of confidence can be stopped . ' ' the increase in the price of so - called default swaps is another reflection , along with a 65 percent decline in enron shares in the past two weeks , that investors are losing confidence in the company , analysts said . enron shares , down 19 percent today to $ 11 . 16 , have fallen every day since the company surprised investors by writing off $ 1 . 2 billion of assets on oct . 17 . enron ' s 6 . 4 percent coupon bonds due in 2006 were bid at 73 cents on the dollar , traders said , down as much as 7 cents from yesterday ' s price of 80 cents . the debt now yields 14 . 5 percent , up from 12 . 1 percent yesterday and 10 . 8 percent on friday . exposure ` ` banks wanting to hedge risk are pushing the price higher , ' ' said andy palmer , who doesn ' t own enron bonds in the $ 1 . 25 billion he helps manage at asb capital management inc . enron default protection has risen from less than 3 percent per year , a price that is common for similarly rated companies . other energy traders ' such as williams cos . inc . and dynegy inc . both have default insurance premiums below 2 percent per year , traders said . the increase in enron ' s credit default swaps ` ` may be overstating the default risk , ' ' said palmer . the purchasers of the default swaps are mainly banks that have loan exposure to enron and ` ` banks are not as price - sensitive as institutional investors , ' ' said palmer . ` ` they just want to get the exposure off their books . ' ' principal capital , which is an institutional investor , said did not buy protection for its $ 190 million of enron bonds . john tompkins , a trader at credittrade , a credit derivatives brokerage , said there ' s interest among buyers , though not sellers of enron default swaps . he said there are bids for enron credit default swaps at 7 to 8 percent annually for five years ' protection and 12 percent annually on the three years ' contract - - with no offers . enron credit was one of the world ' s biggest non - bank traders of default insurance . undisclosed the largest energy trader ' s troubles began two weeks ago when it reported $ 1 . 01 billion in losses , including more than $ 544 million written off on a competitive energy supplier business and a bandwidth trading business . enron formed at least 18 affiliated companies to buy and sell company assets , according to records from the texas secretary of state . some of those affiliates profited after enron used $ 1 . 2 billion of company stock to buy back assets from the partnership . the houston - based company losses included $ 35 million from partnerships set up by chief financial officer andrew fastow . fastow was later fired as chief financial officer and the u . s . securities and exchange commission has asked for information about the transactions . the disclosure has set off concern among investors about how little is known about enron ' s balance sheet and caused ratings companies to examine the company . ` ` investors are nervous about this name , ' ' said freda lam , a fixed - income analyst at j . p . morgan chase & co . in new york . investor relations enron ' s long - term debt rating was cut yesterday to ` ` baa 2 , ' ' two levels above junk , from ` ` baal . ' ' moody ' s also placed the houston - based company ' s ` ` p - 2 ' ' rating for commercial paper - - borrowing for nine - months or less - - on review for downgrade . enron has been shut off from the commercial paper market since the ratings agencies began the review . the lack of access to money markets makes it more difficult for enron to borrow the short - term cash needed to run its trading businesses . ahead of a potential cut , enron took out bank lines to repay $ 2 billion in commercial paper last week . still , many on wall street expects enron ' s bonds to be paid and its stock price to bounce back . ` ` we suspect that enron ' s share price will not likely recover in the near term , ' ' lam said . ` ` we ultimately expect this company to be successful . but it needs to improve its investor relations and its disclosure . ' ' u . s . equity movers : anthem , cvs , enron , hispanic broadcasting 2001 - 10 - 30 13 : 24 ( new york ) u . s . equity movers : anthem , cvs , enron , hispanic broadcasting new york , oct . 30 ( bloomberg ) - - the following is a list of companies whose shares are moving in u . s . markets monday , oct . 29 . the stock symbol is in parentheses after the company name . major moving stocks : anthem inc . ( ath ) rose $ 4 . 57 , or 13 percent , to $ 40 . 57 and traded as high as $ 40 . 80 . the health - benefits company raised $ 1 . 78 billion in its initial public offering . cvs corp . ( cvs ) fell $ 8 . 01 , or 25 percent , to $ 23 . 61 and traded as low as $ 23 . the drugstore chain said profit this year will unexpectedly decline and it will close 200 stores and cut jobs early next year . other moving stocks : crossworlds software inc . ( cwld ) rose $ 1 . 02 , or 29 percent , to $ 4 . 56 and traded as high as $ 4 . 58 . international business machines corp . ( ibm ) agreed to buy the maker of electronic - commerce software for $ 129 million in cash . csg systems international inc . ( csgs ) fell $ 6 . 94 , or 18 percent , to $ 32 . 26 and traded as low as $ 30 . 40 . the provider of billing services for cable - and satellite - television companies expects 2002 earnings of $ 2 to $ 2 . 15 a share , which is lower than the $ 2 . 48 average estimate of analysts polled by thomson financial / first call . ctc communications group inc . ( cptl ) fell 90 cents , or 13 percent , to $ 6 and traded as low as $ 5 . 26 . the provider of telecommunications services doesn ' t expect to have positive earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization until the fourth quarter ending in march . that is one quarter later than its previous estimate . dycom industries inc . ( dy ) fell $ 1 . 40 , or 11 percent , to $ 10 . 99 and traded as low as $ 10 . 75 . the provider of engineering and construction services to telecommunications companies said profit , excluding certain costs , in the first quarter ended saturday was 13 cents to 15 cents a share . on that basis , which isn ' t in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles , profit was 5 cents to 7 cents below expectations , the company said in a statement distributed by pr newswire . enron corp . ( ene ) fell $ 2 . 51 , or 18 percent , to $ 11 . 30 and traded as low as $ 11 . 07 . the securities and exchange commission will move its investigation of the energy trader to washington from fort worth , texas , a sign the agency wants to make a quick decision above whether to allege securities - law violations , the wall street journal reported . ensco international inc . ( esv ) fell $ 2 . 25 , or 10 percent , to $ 20 . 32 and traded as low as $ 20 . the offshore oil driller was downgraded to ` ` hold ' ' from ` ` add ' ' by abn amro securities llc analyst matthew conlan . hispanic broadcasting co . ( hsp ) fell $ 2 . 76 , or 15 percent , to $ 15 . 25 and traded as low as $ 15 . 05 . the spanish - language broadcaster said third - quarter profit fell to 8 cents a share from 12 cents a year earlier because it sold less advertising . homestore . com inc . ( homs ) fell 74 cents , or 13 percent , to $ 5 . 15 and traded as low as $ 4 . 86 . the internet real - estate listing service was downgraded to ` ` market outperform ' ' from ` ` recommend list ' ' by goldman , sachs & co . analyst anthony noto . macrovision corp . ( mvsn ) fell $ 8 . 75 , or 26 percent , to $ 24 . 72 and traded as low as $ 23 . 80 . the maker of copyright - protection software expects fourth - quarter revenue to be unchanged from the $ 23 million it had in the third quarter . it was expected to have sales of $ 31 . 5 million , the average estimate of four analysts surveyed by first call . mcdonald ' s corp . ( mcd ) fell for a second day , dropping $ 1 . 61 , or 5 . 9 percent , to $ 25 . 67 . the stock traded as low as $ 25 . 55 . the fast - food chain yesterday said it will open 200 fewer restaurants and buy back as much as $ 5 billion in stock , as the company tries to turn around four quarters of falling profit . odwalla inc . ( odwa ) rose $ 3 . 29 , or 28 percent , to $ 15 . 12 and traded as high as $ 15 . 21 . coca - cola co . ( ko ) agreed to buy the natural fruit - drink maker for $ 181 million in cash . coca - cola will pay $ 15 . 25 a share for odwalla ' s common stock . openwave systems inc . ( opwv ) fell $ 1 . 91 , or 21 percent , to $ 7 . 08 and traded as low as $ 6 . 69 . the maker of software for accessing the internet over mobile phones said sales in the second quarter ending in december will be about $ 100 million , which is less than the $ 123 . 4 million average estimate of analysts polled by first call . rehabcare group inc . ( rhb ) fell $ 13 . 48 , or 35 percent , to $ 25 . 22 and traded as low as $ 23 . the manager of hospital rehabilitation services said it will have fourth - quarter earnings of 41 cents to 42 cents a share . the company had been expected to earn 46 cents , the average estimate of six analysts polled by first call . royal caribbean cruises ltd . ( rcl ) rose $ 1 . 66 , or 18 percent , to $ 10 . 81 and traded as high as $ 10 . 95 . the cruise - line company had third - quarter net income of 82 cents a share , compared with the 72 - cent average estimate of analysts polled by first call . sulzer medica ag ( sm ) american depositary shares , 10 of which represent one share , fell $ 1 . 49 , or 35 percent , to $ 2 . 80 and traded as low as $ 2 . 30 . the maker of orthopedic products said a court will allow individual lawsuits over faulty hip and knee implants , casting doubt on a plan for a group settlement . enron chairman weathers a storm : many in houston believe lay can get firm back on track ( business ) bruce nichols 10 / 28 / 2001 the dallas morning news lh copyright 2001 gale group inc . all rights reserved . copyright 2001 the dallas morning news , l . p . houston - over the last 15 years , enron corp . has transformed itself from a sleepy gas pipeline company into an energy trading giant . chairman ken lay has changed along with it , from mere titan of business to houston ' s leading citizen . so when business reversals hit enron and mr . lay , the ripples are felt throughout civic life in a city where he has held virtually every leadership position and the corporate name graces the baseball stadium . two months after his heir apparent resigned , mr . lay has seen his company buffeted by investors and has had to oust his chief financial officer . the securities and exchange commission is looking into deals in which the former cfo played dual roles with enron and a hedge group . " my sense is it ' s probably a little too soon to tell what the impact is with ken himself , " said bob eury , president of central houston inc . , a downtown development group . a loss of his and enron ' s leadership " would be profound , " mr . eury added , but most houstonians expect mr . lay to weather the company ' s difficulties and continue his " marvelous leadership out in the community . " still , no one is going to be surprised if mr . lay is preoccupied for a while . " if the ship ' s on fire , you address that first , " said oilman george strake , who has worked with mr . lay on civic projects . mr . lay , 58 , returned to the chief executive ' s role in august when his protege , jeffrey k . skilling , quit as ceo and president after only six months on the job . and mr . lay cited those burdens last week when he resigned as a director for i 2 technologies , the software developer based in farmers branch . " this is a very painful decision , " mr . lay said in a prepared statement . " but now that i am again taking on the ceo responsibilities at enron , i must reduce my outside activities . " enron ' s fall has been hard . from a 52 - week peak of $ 84 . 62 on dec . 28 , the stock has been tumbling for months . it skidded all the way to $ 15 . 40 as of friday ' s close , about half its value just two weeks earlier . profits remain strong , but the company has announced write - downs of key assets - totaling $ 1 . 01 billion in after - tax nonrecurring expenses - and wall street analysts have turned coldly skeptical , if not hostile . mounting troubles enron confirmed the securities and exchange commission inquiry into deals involving the just - departed cfo , andrew fastow . under pressure , enron replaced him wednesday . there have been other troubles , too . as lead advocate for electricity market restructuring , enron found itself under furious attack during california ' s energy crisis last spring . investments in communications and water businesses soured . a huge power plant project in india has become a problem . mr . lay has said all the concern is misplaced . " to say the least , we are . . . disappointed with our stock price , " he told investors last week . but " our businesses are performing very well , and we ' re continuing to conduct business as usual . " as for the sec ' s interest , " we welcome . . . the opportunity it provides us to put these matters to rest , " he said . skepticism that mr . lay can pull enron back into the middle of the road exists in houston . but the doubters don ' t want to be quoted by name and are not necessarily betting against him , considering his past successes . in houston , " nobody ' s dancing on his grave , " said lawyer david berg , who ' s active in civic and political affairs . " there ' s a lot of residual respect for ken lay , and it ' s not going to go away even if he goes bankrupt , but that isn ' t going to happen . " wall street reaction financier charles miller , a wall street veteran , said analysts appear to be ganging up on enron , with a few making " indefensible " comments that might be criminal if made about a bank . " wall street may be envious of the fact that , from the trading standpoint , he may have made one of the most profitable trading operations in the history of the world and , from all i can tell , very soundly , " mr . miller said . from wall street comes a different interpretation : after the exit of two top executives in two months , the company ' s other problems , and the sec ' s inquiry , it ' s time for more information from the company . " they ' ve breached the confidence level with one thing after another , " said john parry , analyst with john s . herold inc . the 1980 s oil , banking , and real estate busts have colored houston ' s attitude toward business reversals , some say . having seen fortunes rise , fall , and rise again in the ' 90 s , houston is less likely to lose leaders to temporary setbacks , energy banker matthew simmons said . " most cities , if you ' re new or if you ' re struggling , you ' re shut out , " mr . simmons said . not houston , and " i think that ' s its genius . " real estate investor ned holmes recalled that when exxon corp . suffered through the 1989 alaska oil spill , the chamber of commerce threw a reception to express support and appreciation for the company ' s civic contributions . " we all turned out and told them that . . . we know this is a difficult deal , but they ' re an important part of this community and we ' re not turning our back on them , " mr . holmes said . " people feel every bit as strongly , if not more so , about ken . " it ' s hard to overstate the importance of mr . lay and enron in houston . he chaired or co - chaired committees leading houston in playing host to the g - 7 summit in 1990 and the republican national convention in 1992 . he chaired the university of houston board of regents . when plans for a new baseball stadium hit a snag in the mid - 1990 s , he assembled a group of investors to buy the land and facilitate a deal that led to voter approval . enron then bought the naming rights to the astros ' new home , enron field . mr . lay helped lead efforts to win voter approval of a new basketball arena , now under construction . he has backed rail transit and other measures to clean houston ' s air . he and his wife , linda , have been active in charities and have supported political candidates . new model in reinventing itself into a $ 100 billion - a - year energy trader , enron created a business model that other energy companies have followed , making houston a leader in a new kind of commodities market . enron , whose influence extends into the white house of president bush , is in the midst of adding to houston ' s skyline , building a 40 - story building next door to the 50 - story building it already occupies . losing mr . lay ' s and enron ' s leadership " would be a sizable blow , " said jim kollaer , president of the greater houston partnership , a business - boosting group that includes the chamber of commerce . but " he hasn ' t pulled back . " " he has to be there to answer these questions . he ' s going to take time to do that , " mr . kollaer said . " but he ' s still functioning in a civic regard . " 
2	Subject: your job application to enron research group dear mr . palmer : thank you for your interest in the research group at enron . we recieved your resume and discussed your qualifications within the research group . unfortunately , there is not a good match between our job requirements and your skills . once again , thank you for your interest in our company and best wishes for your future . regards , p . v . krishnarao . 
2	Subject: girls that just want to meet up tonight welcome to the planet ' s largest nauuuughhhhty addul 1 ttt daitiing arena . you ' ll find people here that are looking for just about everything . wives that need to find secret people to hook up with . people that are looking for alternative lifestyle type things . women that want to try aye null ex . women that want to be domininiatted by men and so on . have a look it ' s absolutely noo coossst to you to check it out and you get it for three days at one buckaroo . we know that sometimes these emails upset you and we don ' t want that at all . we ' re just trying to make a buck but if these are not really at all what you want to be recieving everyday then please get yourself off our | is + s and stuff by going to this place and you ' ll be off within twenty - ffoour hours of asking . http : / / www . refipronetwork . com / orc anyways , we ' ll be seeing you later . we think you ' ll love it , if not then you know what to do , bye bye . catch you cool cats later . take care .  
2	Subject: the ews tax update for august 31 , 2001 attached is a further installment of the ews tax update summarizing the many transactions supported by the ews tax group during the past several weeks . please do not hesitate to call me at x 30938 to discuss any of the described transactions . best regards to all . shd . 
2	Subject: meeting @ 2 : 00 mt . hood just a round robin regarding the day ahead transfers to real - time for parking and lending and the fees associated with it . please let me know if you can ' t attend . diana 
2	Subject: hpl nom for august 24 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 824 . xls ) - hplo 824 . xls 
2	Subject: some good news for you ! dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 405 , 000 home l [ o ] an at a 3 . 5 % fixed rate . this offer is being offered to you and yourcredit is in no way a factor . take advantage of this limited time opportunity ! ! visit our website and complete the 1 minute post approval form . best regards , consuelito wolfe , account manager garten group llc . r . mv - http : / / homeloanon . com / st . html 
2	Subject: our profiled companies are earning small - cap stock finder new developments expected to move western sierra mining , inc . stock from 0 . 70 to over 4 . 00 westernsierramining . com western sierra mining is a company on the move , fast ! big news is out ! big business is afoot for wsrm ! read on to find out why wsrm is our top pick this week . * western sierra mining has a very profitable business model in which they avoid the highest cost associate with mining : exploration . essentially , wester sierra operates mines on sites that have been previously explored and found to be too small for the largest mining companies , yet still produce handsome profits . * the global mining industry boom will continue for the foreseeable future due to the impact of china - driven demand on commodity prices and long supply - response lead times . * news ! news ! news ! read on to find out why we expect wsrm to take off this week ! here is recent news on the company : phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 15 , 2005 - - western sierra mining corp . ( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that the board of directors has approved and authorized a 2 - for - 1 forward split of its issued and outstanding common s - tock to all shareholders of record as of june 26 , 2005 . the company stated that the reason for the split was to allow additional investors to participate in the long - term goals and objectives of western . phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 10 , 2005 - - western sierra mining ( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) and oretech inc . ( pink sheets : orte - news ) announced today that their respective boards of directors have agreed to enter into an agreement to develop the silver plume and pittsburg mines located in colorado . commenting on the proposed transaction , the president of western sierra mining , michael chaffee , said , the new alignment with oretech will allow each of the companies to utilize their specific expertise to the maximum benefit of the other . oretech is trying to focus on developing its propriety extraction technology and western is expanding its mining activities in the u . s . we have started our due diligence on the property and look forward to taking a proposal back to oretech by the end of the month . phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 3 , 2005 - - western sierra mining ( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that it has signed a letter of intent with asdi corp . providing wsrm the right to develop the asdi property located in crescent valley at battle mountain , nev . we cannot stress enough the significance of this news . a s - tock split can only mean one thing ; good business ! with the split date set at june 26 , now is obviously the time to get in . with repsect to the other news , that a small company such as this would have the rights to these rich properties speaks volumes for their management and near - future earnings . that they would be so fortunate as to be involved with an industry pioneer such as oretech is nothing short of extraordinary . these fortuitous events have earned wsrm our highly recommendation symbol : ( wsrm ) current price : 0 . 70 short term target price : 4 . 60 12 month target price : 8 . 90 * * * news from the industry * * * * mining s - tocks have outperformed both the sp 500 and the dow jones industrial average over the last three years . * profits by mining companies have doubled for the second year in a row . return on equity has increased nearly three - fold over the past two years * price waterhouse coopers calls for . . . another bumper year for the global mining industry in 2005 . they go on to say , the sustained upturn in commodity prices has caught investors ' attention , creating a dash for mining s - tocks . add the unprecedented profits and free cash flows and we have a very buoyant industry . for more information read , mine - enter the dragon , by price waterhouse coopers , located at pwcglobal . com disclaimer : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many micro - cap s - tocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority s - tockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your mone * y by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stoc * k they will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the rocket sto * ck report believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .  
2	Subject: computron weekly specials weekly specials sportsman dvd cdrewriter $ 1088 . 00 $ 29 . 00 $ 69 . 00 $ 22 . 50 a 40 - 532 digital web camera 8 x dvd + rw / - rw cdrw ( internal ) quickcam messenger p 4 2 . 66 ghz / 256 ram / 40 gb / dvd / cdrw / 15 " tft / 10 / 100 xp home 640 x 480 resolutionmulti - function digital web camera drive writes and rewrites to dvd + r / rw and dvd - r / rw media at an incredible 8 x 4 rate . web camera with built in microphone mobile - gsm $ 337 . 50 $ 19 . 50 $ 1262 . 00 $ 29 . 50 internal usb sim card reader pcg - grt 250 p 7 ups - 650 va 20 / 40 gb tape backup dat drive ( scsi ) read phone book entries from sim card then edit , delete , and backup to your computer . p 42 . 8 g / 256 mb / 40 gb / dvd / cdrw / 15 " tft / 10 / 100 xp professional line interactive ups " built in voltage stabilizer " usb ( external ) floppy drive $ 1370 . 0017 " screen ! $ 24 . 50 $ 281 . 50 batteries aspire 1711 sci usb floppy drive etrex vista for : p 4 2 . 8 ghz / 512 mb / 80 gb dvd / cdrw / 17 . 1 " sxga 10 / 100 ( 802 . 11 b / g ) wifixp professional usb external floppy drive is ideal for notebook users everywhere ! global position system etrex vista - lk wpt , 24 mb , highwaydatabase , 10 tkpt notebooks , digital cameras , pda ' s , camcorders , phones , power tools . visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! weekly specials your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? election results - r ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? olex or cartier or ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? breitling ?  true replications wrist - watches i offer next trade names available as well : frank muller chopard audemars piguet officine panerai omega  
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020221 . txt 
2	Subject: a letter i sent fiona , ? i sent you a letter a while ago to obtain enron ' s approval of the text . ? are you still ? my contact for this ? ? if not , please let me know who i should send the ? promotional material for approval . ? thanks , julie brennan ? lacima group - covering letter for book brochures - final . doc 
2	Subject: re : bod agenda deadline - today ! it should be late this morning / early this afternoon . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 8 : 12 am to : schneider , chip subject : re : bod agenda deadline - today ! is the dash ready for lvii ? from : chip schneider / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 08 : 04 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : bod agenda deadline - today ! lvc ii is the only deal i know of requiring bod approval . fyi - - inga is swirling around again - - bod approval will not be required if a decision is made to move ahead near the price point approved in december . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 7 : 50 am to : schneider , chip subject : re : bod agenda deadline - today ! can you please verify that the only thing on the board agenda for enron americas is las vegas - thanks louise from : chip schneider / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 07 : 18 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , w david duran / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey mcmahon / enron @ enronxgate , tim battaglia / enron @ enronxgate , rodney malcolm / enron @ enronxgate , brad richter / enron communications @ enron communications , dale surbey / enron communications @ enron communications cc : jonalan page / pdx / ect @ ect subject : bod agenda deadline - today ! this is a reminder that today ( thursday , 4 / 19 / 01 ) is the deadline for submitting finance committee agenda items to rebecca carter . please contact me as soon as possible if you know of anything that has a possibility to be added to the finance committee agenda . all presentations as approved by rebecca carter , fully executed dashs and legal resolutions should be turned in to sharon sullo by friday , april 20 . 
2	Subject: get laid tonight ! amatuer match f - r - e - e adult personals totally new alternative dating site ! sick and tired of meeting boring people on genaric dating sites ? we have the answer ! amatuer match hooks up members that don ' t want the typical " dinner and a movie " date . it is not a sleezy s - e - x site , amatuer match is an open - mided , highly sexualized , dating site . see the difference ! meet real people in your area tonight ! ztop mail  
2	Subject: out of office i have an appointment today and will need to leave the office around 3 pm . . i will be back in the office on friday . if you need anything before 3 pm let me know , otherwise debra will be here for any assistance you may need . thanks , jill 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! millions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: 2000 ena vegas offsite attached please find the invitation for the las vegas offsite to be held at the venetian from december 13 - 16 , 2000 . please go online and fill out the information to confirm your attendance . please note : travel must be made through this attached invitation . las vegas http : / / www . xopix . com / enron / url _ vegas _ inviteo 5 . swf 
2	Subject: accommodations in london fyi : as i mentioned , i am staying in the four seasons next week . the hotel is located at hamilton place park lane . i thought the location might mean something to you . 
2	Subject: re : nawty locals in your area pdi s - e - x - y local singles inside ! payne is cobble desperado but makeup not divergent carven . here theseus france may cackle and eastman hecate , opera not quite . iwantout  
2	Subject: no compromise ! cheap software inc learn do you want windows 2003 server only for 150 $ ? exclusive  
2	Subject: longview bids - confidential louise , this is incomplete with some bids expected next week . a lot of companies had a late start due to the 4 th of july holiday so they have been whining this week about an extension . bids are preliminary and based solely on the info memo . bids are in addition to all sunk costs : mccook metals - $ 20 mm ( this is an ongoing , slow negotiation ) ppl global - $ 15 mm reliant $ 10 mm indicated that they will submit bid later today / over weekend / early next week : calpine allegheny aes sempra williams el paso nrg dynegy i expect some of these wont show up . out for various reasons : mirant constellation entergy fpl pg & e orion pseg tractabel if we end up with 5 - 6 positive bids , even if they are non - binding , i think it supports risking additional capital to get this project fully developed / sold ( dash in process ) . one interesting note : allegheny wants to see our offer . if we have several reasonable bids ( $ 10 - $ 20 ) , it might make sense to offer a high outlier . i will update . regards , chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: why make oracle more money we have al | your favorlte programs at ! ncredibly low pr ! ces bundle 1 : windows x * p pro + office x . p pro for as low as 8 o $ we m ! ght have just what you need : bundle 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 20 o 4 + flash mx 2 oo 4 - loo do | | ars m ! crosoft , adobe , macromedia and many more bundie 3 : adobe photosh 0 p 7 , prem ! ere 7 , i | | ustrator lo - 120 dollars full comparison report the offer is valld unt | | l february 12 th stock is lim ! ted confirm your adress cody harrison chancellor university pipette service , inc . , baltimore md 21208 , united states of america phone : 314 - 911 - 4295 mobile : 711 - 137 - 1411 email : ymaaxwgvgmlaku @ b 2 b . net . cn this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this freeware is a 33 day trial product notes : the contents of this connection is for manipulation and should not be delia idiotic breadwinner brainchild accession time : sat , 05 feb 2005 12 : 10 : 07 - 0800 
2	Subject: issues and update louise , three questions / issues which i ' d appreciate your feedback on : 1 ) i am planning to arrange for a meeting with gas and power originators / traders tomorrow to let them know what we are planning with the top 50 customers ( sending draft pa ' s ) and enlist their support for calls where we can leverage their relationships with the customers . 2 ) after some more thought , i ' m on the fence about sending out the pa ' s without names . the following occurs to me : - sending them out on tuesday is only three days before we know what the final name will be - sending them out with the final name probably helps our credibility - the pa / eta is a very simple form ; customers probably don ' t require the extra three days to review them . - following the public release of our new buyers ' identity with the first release of the pa helps build a bit more excitement than otherwise . 3 ) i understand you are objecting to the provision which would allow us to release a customers ' name to another company . i don ' t think most customers would object to this and getting the provisions in up front gives us more flexibility later . can we keep this in ? thanks , dave 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 15 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 12 / 15 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121520 . txt 
2	Subject: we need to run a little project over the next week or so . i think it is time that you have someone inventory all the projects you have going in your group , sit down and go over them with me and then you and i make sure they still have support from a business unit or make sense at all . some of them involve it resources and some don ' t . i just want to take a breath for a moment and make sure every project you are doing ( outside the daily operations that are so critical ) is necessary and still has a sponsor at a business unit . if not , we can stop several side projects and focus on the critical ones , save some money and make sure we get the 5 to 10 things that absolutely have to be done completed . your thoughts ? gp 
2	Subject: mail system error - returned mail this message was undeliverable due to the following reason : the user ( s ) account is temporarily over quota . please reply to if you feel this message to be in error . 
2	Subject: so much fun with these girls . . hey my man , long time no talk ! you won ' t believe what we found , holy ! ! ! ! . it ' s this crazy hookup site , i got laid 6 times this week man , you don ' t have to use a credit card or anything you won ' t pay a cent ! there are tons of girls , guys , couples and i ' m sure something for you too ! lots of them are just looking for a random hookup , one night stands etc so i mean you can either find a one - nighter or someone to fall in love with . it ' s a community site with mad hot crazy chicks / dudes you really gotta check this thing out , cause you missin ' out big ! ! http : / / kogko . com / aus . html you won ' t be disapointed you ' ll see im not kidding . thank me later after you ' r gettin laid 7 days a week . see ya later charlie m http : / / kogko . com / nothanks / nothanks . php 
2	Subject: this weeks ultimate adventure . . . . . exoctic car rentals ! please click to enter millionaires concierge 1332 bayview dr fort lauderdale , fl 33304 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: get your prescript % ion delivered to your door ! e psychogenetics unimbued dome overspeculate gustation illicitly docking misbelieve protoconulid scuta . botuliform impartial isonephelic wheelhorse legitim saron impawned bulletproof glycerophosphoric . franchisers pullers sparged grandchild ignatia . isonephelic oysterhood broadaxe curiologically pyritology jacket maar weaponries hijacked . interpolater aspartyl smuggling bandsmen arachnophagous hubrises eyedropperful rave glebous . undergaoler washier iridioplatinum sharpness jovilabe subjectlike subserrate . socializable undespondently . chloralformamide marsupia costopleural carpocephalum temptationless hydrae eyedropperful outgrowths dotate peising . floured temser mussal dirtinesses marijuanas presympathize disqualification barbary fuscescent foresightless . vibracular hemapophyseal coannexes infantile chrysalidal autosign ursine . unpunishing catties geognostical spelled nepenthaceous meadow colorationally yappiness . unsimple enzymatic mussuk hydromorphous propheticality bedazzle . overshooting individualize nychthemer mirv mariticidal accompt . sheiklike hissproof peritoneomuscular compunctionary undespondently reactionarist unwiseness parallelotropism extreme footpaces . stalklet outpick biface dogfights pinchecks kreeps blennioid oversupplied mastectomy . damson pharisaically samadhi onychophyma unsumptuary . putouts stop  
2	Subject: congratulation , you have won microsoft lottery ! ! ! congratulation ! ! ! microsoft mega e - mail international stake lottery nl princes irenestraat 28 , 1055 we amsterdam , the netherlands from : the desk of the managing director international promotion / prize award dept ref no ; aif 6162688 - 09 batch : 13 / 213 / gvs . to the email bearer , dear sir / madam , we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 10 th of august , 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 765764651491 - 6319 with serial number 5147 - 179 , lottery ref number aif 6162688 - 09 and drew lucky numbers 7 - 18 - 26 - 33 - 45 - 51 which consequently won in the 2 st category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of 550 , 000 ; 00 ( five hundred and fifty thousand euro ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 30 , 000 company and 16 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by association of software producers . we hope with part of your winning , you will take part in our next year us $ 2 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our approved fiducial agent mr . frank cole unique trust agency ( e - mail ; uniquetrusto 50 @ sify . com ) tel : 0031 - 620 - 888 - 973 fax : 0031 - 847 - 519 - 172 remember , all winning must be claimed not later than one week of receiving your winning notification . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . yours sincerely , mrs mariana zwart ( lottery coordinator . ) check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com  
2	Subject: one page background and position statement guys , attached are the " one - page " background / position statements that i have received to date ( with the exception of mike korpi ' s which i left at home ) . if you haven ' t provided me with this material please do so asap and if you did please give my any edits you might like to make to the attached pages . thanks john p . s . its rainey and 60 ' s this week but we ' ve put in an order for 70 ' s and sunshine for next week ' s conference . - bennett _ stewart . doc - david palumbo current bio . doc - g _ ferrell . doc - jmartinbiosketch . doc - m _ froehls . doc john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: thank you for applying dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 400 , 000 home loan at a 3 . 35 % fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity all we ask is that you visit our website and complete the 1 minute post approval form . enter here sincerely , clerkclaude abey first one associates no tha . n . ks 
2	Subject: how to cover your girl in cpum lncrease your s pe r m volume by 500 % prlce : 80 c / dose 
2	Subject: from mrs fati dear , i crave your indulgence at this mail coming from somebody you have not know before . i decided to do this after praying over the situation . you should please consider the transaction on its content and not the fact that you have not known me before . i need not dwell on how i came by your contact information because there are many such possibilities these days . i would like to introduce myself as mrs . fati zongo , of repulic of benin , widow to late chief ; julius . o . zongo ( for consular of the benin i have been recently been daigonosed of cancer of the pelvics . i am writing from my sick bed . there is this usl 0 . 5 million my husband has in an account with the financial bank , benin of which i am the next of kin . with my health condition and because my husband and i have no children , i am looking for a credible person to whom i will pass the right of next of kin . this person will apply to the bank and request for the transfer of the fund to his / her bank account . this is on the condition that you will take 25 % of the fund for yourself , 5 % used for expenses , while you will use the remaining 70 % for the less previlege people in the society . this is in fulfilment of the last request of my husband : that a substantial part of the fund be used to carter for the less previleged . if this condition is acceptable to you , you should contact me immediately with your full names and contact information so that i will ask our family lawyer to prepare the authorization that will give you the right of next of kin to the account in the bank . i will also give you a text of the application you are to send to the bank . i cannot predict what will be my fate by the time the fund willbe transfered into your account , but you should please ensure that the fund is used as i have described above . i look forward to your response . yours , mrs . fati note - the original deposite form will be send to you at yours demand . 
2	Subject: re : service bureau prohibitions hi ursula , i ' ll ask bob hillier to find out who our legato contact is . clearly , we need this backup software on day 1 . we will also look into the rational relationship . it is not as critical as it is used for development ( we have licenses for rose and for clearcase and clearquest ) . - - jay - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ursula . mills @ ubsw . com [ mailto : ursula . mills @ ubsw . com ] sent : sat 1 / 5 / 2002 5 : 31 pm to : webb , jay ; kitchen , louise cc : subject : fw : service bureau prohibitions hi louise / jay if you can help shed any light on your vendor relationship with legato and rational , and whether you believe there is scope for reviewing these licenses with a view to changing the relevant license agreements , that would be extremely helpful . we understand that both these products would be critical components to running the netco systems . thx ursula - - - - - original message - - - - - from : roger . ross sent : 05 january 2002 18 : 07 to : bwells cc : roger . ross ; stephen . kahn ; mills , ursula subject : re : service bureau prohibitions thanks bert . as promised , i am following up with e company on the various assigned agreements that prohibit providing service to a third party . feel free to have ursula pursue the question simultaneously . i am also looking into what services the parties intend fire to provide for transition as this is not a part of the transaction that i have been following closely to date . roger " wells , bert " on 01 / 05 / 2002 01 : 46 : 31 pm cc : " ' ursula . mills @ ubsw . com ' " subject : re : service bureau prohibitions > this message is from a law firm and may contain information that > is confidential or legally privileged . if you are not the > intended recipient , please immediately advise the sender by > reply e - mail that this message has been inadvertently > transmitted to you and delete this e - mail from your system . > thank you for your cooperation . > > > steve and roger , > > we are reviewing a sampling of third party software licenses e > company entered and seem to have found two licenses not > previously noted by e company as containing an express > prohibition on use as part of a service bureau . as i discussed > with roger briefly yesterday , this we assume is as much an issue > for you as it would be for us because operation of the it on a > service bureau basis initially is a key mutual expectation . > both licenses are listed on your draft schedule 2 . 1 ( f ) ( i ) to the > contribution agreement so i ' m guessing they are material to the > business and the relevant software would have to be operated for > u company ' s benefit . u company hasn ' t spoken to any e company > it personnel to learn the significance of the affected software , > but ursula mills is planning to raise the question with jay webb > or another appropriate person . > the two licenses are : 1 . enterprise software license agreement between legato systems , inc . and [ e ] corp , dated as of sept . 27 , 2001 , respecting numerous software products generally branded with the names networker , gems , celestra , octopus and others . section 2 . 2 provides : " restrictions on use . licensee shall not , and shall not aid , abet or permit any third party to : . . . ( iii ) . . . use for timesharing or service bureau purposes or otherwise use . . . the software . . . for the benefit of third parties . . . . " 2 . products license agreement # 3185 modified for [ e ] corp , issued by ration software corp . , dated as of feb . 17 , 1998 , respecting various software products branded clearcase , rational , purify , and quantify and others . section 1 . 1 provides : " general grant of license . . . . you may not rent , lease or use the product in a service bureau capacity . . . . . " we continue to review the agreements for the service bureau issue as it is the most pressing from a time perspective . we have already found several ambiguous licenses and will bring those to your attention as a group later . if other express provisions such as the above turn up , i will let you know on a case by case basis as this issue is one our it personnel are taking seriously . bert > . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . > bert wells > covington & burling > 1330 avenue of the americas > new york , new york 10019 > ( 212 ) 841 - 1074 ( voice ) > ( 212 ) 841 - 1010 ( fax ) > bwells @ cov . com > . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . > * * * * * * * * * * note * * * * * * * * * * the information contained in this email message is intended only for use of the individual or entity named above . if the reader of this message is not the intended recipient , or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any dissemination , distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited . if you have received this communication in error , please immediately notify us by telephone ( 650 - 802 - 3000 ) , and destroy the original message . thank you . 
2	Subject: when will the real estate bubble burst ? - live meeting july 21 st on alternative investments event date : thursday july 21 st at 10 : 30 am est , 2 : 30 pm est , and 7 : 30 pm estwith top - ranked alternative investment manager , michael mansfield " the biggest financial bubble in history " in the article " after the fall , " in the june 16 , 2005 issue of economist magazine , real estate was called , " the biggest financial bubble in history . " what makes this real estate market so risky is that the crazy speculation in housing has spread around the world . people continue to buy houses simply because " prices are rising " , without any regard to fundamentals . this is similar to what happened with the stock market during the 1990 ' s , when investors bought shares of profitless companies just because everyone else was doing the same . in fact , many of thepeople who have gotten or are getting into real estate are the ones that got killed by the stock market during the 2000 crash . consequently , these will probably be the same people that get burned when the global housing bubble bursts ( prices in australia and britain are already sliding . america ' s housing market may be a year or so behind ) . to register for this complimentary event , go to http : / / www . forex - day - trading . com / forex - online - registration . htm . even warren buffett is negative on real estate warren buffett , the second richest man in the world , recently sold his house in laguna for $ 3 . 5 million . he joked , " it was on about 2 , 000 square feet of land , maybe a twentieth of an acre , and the house might cost about $ 500 , 000 if you wanted to replace it . so the land sold for something like $ 60 million an acre . " [ if you want to read more about this , you can go to cnn ' s website at http : / / money . cnn . com / 2005 / 05 / 01 / news / fortune 500 / buffett _ talks / ] so why is buffett saying that us real estate is a bubble ready to burst ? and why is buffett betting against the us dollar ? [ note : buffett made $ 1 . 63 billion in foreign currency ( fx ) gains from the dollar ? s decline in the last quarter of 2004 ] for the same reasons that michael mansfield has been discussing in his live online meetings . who is michael mansfield ? top - ranked alternative investment manager michael mansfield is the co - manager of the # 1 - ranked global diversified fx portfolio ( gdfx ) . heis having his next live online meeting on july 21 st at three different times ( see below for instructions on how to register for this event ) . gdfx was up 31 . 87 % in 2004 and was ranked # 1 by eurekahedge . the objective of gdfx is to produce between 20 to 45 % a year after fees and has no correlation to stocks or real estate . what will be covered ? mansfield will discuss what ' s in store for the global markets in 2005 , including the forex , stock , oil , gold , interest rate , and real estate markets . he will also cover what has made the gdfx managed portfolio so successful when compared to other alternative investments and managed accounts . in his discussion , mansfield will cover why it is so risky to be invested right now in long - only stock positions . he will also discuss when the current real estate bubble will likely burst and what you can do about it . who is this event for ( investors , advisors , hedge funds , religious institutions , etc . ) ? if you are considering professionally managed forex accounts ( alternative investments ) or you are currently invested in real estate , stocks , bonds , or mutual funds , you should attend this live event . if you or  capital ( or your clients ' capital ) into alternative investments with above average returns and below average drawdowns , you might be a perfect candidate for our introducing broker program ; so we strongly suggest that you also attend this event . ( due to the demand that we have experienced for mansfield ? s discussions in the past , we have scheduled his next discussion at three different times on tuesday june 21 st . this will provide convenient hours for investors in different parts of the world to attend . please use the link below to register for any of the times provided : registration for this event thursday july 21 st at 10 : 30 am est ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local time ) thursday july 21 st at 02 : 30 pm est ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local time ) thursday july 21 st at 07 : 30 pm est ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local time ) some of mansfield ? s notable accomplishments - # 1 ranked manager by eureka hedge for april 04 - top - ranked manager in futures magazine for march 00 - called a large additional sell off in the nyse on aug 01 - called the us stock market crash of 1987 - master market technician with uncanny forecasting ability - co - manager of the global diversified fx portfolio ( gdfx ) space for this event is limited and will be filled on a first - come - first serve basis . if you have any questions about this complimentary event or about managed accounts , please give us a call . sincerely , joe loraforexmanaged account departmenthttp : / / www . forexdaytrading . com 2150 coral way , suite 5 dmiami , florida 33145 united states 800 - 366 - 4157 ( toll free in the u . s . and canada ) 786 - 866 - 8733 ( international ) to unsubscribe , please go to the link below :  
2	Subject: internal ownership of enron americas assets i have suggested a slightly edited version of the draft policy . i think classifying assets qualifying for transfer as " problem " and / or " orphan " may clarify the criteria . also , i am assuming that the intent is to except energy capital resources assets from the policy and have so indicated . on the other hand , as written , the policy would apply to principal investing assets . 
2	Subject: welcome to the new cera . com ! dear cera . com client : we are pleased to welcome you to the new cera . com ! we hope you will agree that this new site represents another positive step in the evolution of cera ' s internet services . to access the new site , please visit : http : / / www 20 . cera . com if you have forgotten your username and password , please use our new username and password reminder located at : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot / please note : bookmarks you have for specific cera reports will no longer be valid . shortcuts to specific client knowledge areas will still work . for example , the link to cera ' s world oil service home page ( http : / / www . cera . com / client / wo / ) will remain the same ( note this link only active for members of the world oil service ) . please take time to surf the new cera . com to see what ' s new ! sincerely , cera . com development team 
2	Subject: bammel pma ' s these are revised schedules for jan , mar , & apr 2000 and the estimate ( scheduled ) volumes for may . the prices were revised to capture texas general storage revenue ( fuel retention ) in jan , mar , & apr . the fuel volumes are shown as a zero buy price for the storage book . the april also has volume true - ups due to actual metered volumes . ( schedule 6 ) . another adjustment was made in april to true up the cumulative facility balance , ( 4 , 295 mmbtu ) . thanks , kenny 
2	Subject: oem softwarre greatt discunts from choi ' s store looking for cheeap high - quality software ? baffle we might have just whatt you need . daffyquickbo 0 ks 2 oo 4 premier edition . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 12 opubescent norton internet security pro 2 oo 4 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 5 ozambia ahead neiro 6 . 3 powerpack . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6 obloc winfax pro 10 . 03 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 4 oflorican symantec pcanywhere 11 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6 otoastmaster adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 14 oprince adobe photoshop elements 2 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 4 ostark adobe illustrator cs / full new version . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1 oonymphomaniac adobe indesign cs / full new version . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1 oofeldman quicken 2 oo 4 premier home biz . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 4 obonn macromedia studio mx 2 oo 4 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 18 ocartilage ms windows xp professional . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 8 opiotr norton antivirus 2 oo 4 professional . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 4 ogale adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6 ocameroun microsoft office xp professional . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1 ooexpose microsoft office 2 oo 3 professional . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 12 oinsulin microsoft money 2 oo 4 standard . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2 osluggish ms windows 2 ooo professional . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 8 ocounterproposal adobe photoshop cs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 1 ootussle adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 9 ocubbyhole adobe illustrator 10 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 9 ohanley corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 8 oharpsichord adobe acrobat 6 . 0 professional . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 15 ocathedra borland delphi 7 professional . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 12 ocromwell visual studio . net enterprise architecht . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 22 ocontraption ms sql server 2 ooo enterprise . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 12 odowntrodden ms windows server 2 oo 3 enterprise . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 18 oanne ms windows 2 ooo server . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 7 oharrington red hat linux 7 . 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 2 ochromosomeand now the prices are lowed ! checkk it ! facet coon concord 
2	Subject: re : keep thinking i ' ll see you when you get back thanks for the positive feedback - i ' m glad everything went well . when i called kristen & rich on thursday evening - it sounded like everyone was having a grand time ! ! trip to germany was fun , but hectic . it ' s hard to put so much into only 10 days . looking forward to handling your next event ( and this time i ' ll make sure i ' m in town ) . by the way - how did the videos turn out ? ? dorie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , september 06 , 2001 7 : 56 am to : hitchcock , dorie subject : keep thinking i ' ll see you when you get back firstly , it all went superbly well , thanks for everything . secondly - hope you had a good time . thanks louise 
2	Subject: harvard tech - great computer deals why make them richer we have all your favorite programs at incredibly low pr ! ces bundle 1 : windows x ' p pro + office x , p pro for as low as 80 do / / ars see our complete list . . . bundle 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2 oo 4 + flash mx 2 oo 4 - loo do | | ars bundle 3 : adobe - phot 0 shop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator lo - 120 do \ \ ars the offer is valid till december 29 th stock is limited miss you gracie skaggs technicalengineer dasgip ag , j ? lich , d - 52428 , germany phone : 811 - 718 - 5348 mobile : 921 - 271 - 2131 email : noxprklncbrjm @ calweb . com this message is for confirmation this shareware is a 40 minute definite version notes : the contents of this info is for attention and should not be babylonian regretted baseball wingback coronate time : sun , 19 dec 2004 19 : 39 : 57 + 0200 
2	Subject: enron mentions enron troubles only the tip of the iceberg ? thestreet . com , 10 / 26 / 2001 under the radar : enron ' s flickering bulb thestreet . com , 10 / 26 / 2001 dj enron unit , new england market downplay report of default dow jones , 10 / 26 / 2001 enron lawsuit over microsoft broadband agreement may block msn bloomberg , 10 / 26 / 01 enron executives sent requests for details of affiliate profits bloomberg , 10 / 26 / 01 enron still target in california amid other problems ( updatel ) bloomberg , 10 / 26 / 01 enron bonds fall as company taps $ 3 bln credit line ( update 5 ) bloomberg , 10 / 26 / 01 keller rohrback l . l . p . investigates potential claims on behalf of enron corp . - - ene - - employees and former employees business wire , 10 / 26 / 01 enron troubles only the tip of the iceberg ? by peter eavis senior columnist thestreet . com 10 / 26 / 2001 05 : 23 pm edt url : dealings with a related party have tarnished enron ' s ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) reputation and crushed its stock , but it looks like that case is far from unique . the battered energy trader has done business with at least 15 other related entities , according to documents supplied by lawyers for people suing enron . moreover , enron ' s new cfo , who has been portrayed by bulls as opposing the related - party dealings of his predecessor , serves on 12 of these entities . and enron board members are listed as having directorships and other roles at a houston - based related entity called es power 3 . the extent of enron ' s dealings with these companies , or the value of its holdings in them , couldn ' t be immediately determined . but the existence of these partnerships could feed investors ' fears that enron has billions of dollars of liabilities that don ' t show up on its balance sheet . if that ' s so , the company ' s financial strength and growth prospects could be much less than has generally been assumed on wall street , where the company was long treated with kid gloves . enron didn ' t immediately respond to questions seeking details about es power or about the role of the chief financial officer , jeff mcmahon , in the various entities . enron ' s board members couldn ' t immediately be reached for comment . ten long days enron ' s previous cfo , andrew fastow , was replaced by mcmahon wednesday after investors criticized fastow ' s role in a partnership called ljm , which had done complex hedging transactions with enron . as details of this deal and two others emerged , enron stock cratered . the turmoil that resulted in fastow ' s departure began two weeks ago , when enron reported third - quarter earnings that met estimates . however , the company failed to disclose in its earnings press release a $ 1 . 2 billion charge to equity related to unwinding the ljm transactions . since then , investors and analysts have been calling with increasing vehemence for the company to divulge full details of its business dealings with other related entities . enron stock sank 6 % friday , meaning it has lost 56 % of its value in just two weeks . enron ' s end run ? new financial chief ' s involvement in enron business partners enron - related entity creation datemcmahon involved ? ect strategic value corp . 4 / 18 / 1985 yes jilp - lp inc . 9 / 27 / 1995 yes ect investments inc . 3 / 1 / 1996 yes kenobe inc . 11 / 8 / 1996 yes enserco llc 1 / 7 / 1997 yes obi - 1 holdings llc 1 / 7 / 1997 yes oilfield business investmentsl / 7 / 1997 yes hgk enterprises lp inc . 7 / 29 / 1997 yes ect eocene enterprises iii inc . 2 / 20 / 1998 yes jedi capital ii llc 9 / 4 / 1998 yes e . c . t . coal company no . 12 / 31 / 1998 yes es power 3 llc 1 / 7 / 1999 yes enserco inc . 3 / 25 / 1999 no ljm management llc 7 / 2 / 1999 no blue heron i llc 9 / 17 / 1999 no whitewing management llc 2 / 28 / 2000 no jedi capital ii llc 4 / 16 / 2001 no source : detox however , enron has yet to break out a full list of related entities . the company has said nothing publicly about mcmahon ' s participation in related entities , nor has it mentioned that its board members were directors or senior officers in es power 3 . ( nor has it explained the extensive use of star wars - related names by the related - party companies . ) it ' s not immediately clear what es power 3 is or does . so far , subpoenas issued by lawyers suing enron have determined the names of senior officers of es power 3 and its formation date , january 1999 . among es power 3 ' s senior executives are enron ceo ken lay , listed as a director , and mcmahon and fastow , listed as executive vice presidents . a raft of external directors are named as es power 3 directors , including comdisco ceo norman blake and ronnie chan , chairman of the hong kong - based hang lung group . a comdisco spokeswoman says blake isn ' t commenting on matters concerning enron and a call to the hang lung group wasn ' t immediately returned . demands , demands rating agencies moody ' s , fitch and s & p recently put enron ' s credit rating on review for a possible downgrade after an ljm deal that led to the $ 1 . 2 billion hit to equity . enron still has a rating three notches above investment grade . but its bonds trade with a yield generally seen on subinvestment grade , or junk , bonds , suggesting the market believes downgrades are likely . if enron ' s rating drops below investment grade , it must find cash or issue stock to pay off at least $ 3 . 4 billion in off - balance sheet obligations . in addition , many of its swap agreements contain provisions that demand immediate cash settlement if its rating goes below investment grade . friday , the company drew down $ 3 billion from credit lines to pay off commercial paper obligations . raising cash in the cp market could be tough when investors are jittery about enron ' s condition . this week , a number of energy market players reduced exposure to enron . however , in a friday press release , ceo lay said that enron was the " market - maker of choice in wholesale gas and power markets . " he added : " it is evident that our customers view enron as the major liquidity source of the global energy markets . " mcmahon reportedly objected to fastow ' s role in ljm , allegedly believing it posed fastow with a conflict of interests . but he will need to convince investors that the 12 entities he ' s connected to don ' t do the same . enron has said that its board fully approved of the ljm deals that fastow was involved in . now , board members will have to comment on their own roles in a related entity . under the radar : enron ' s flickering bulb by christopher edmonds special to thestreet . com 10 / 26 / 2001 05 : 08 pm edt url : while the bulb at enron ( ene : nyse - news - commentary ) may not have burnt out , it ' s clearly flickering . to date , investors aren ' t sure whether chairman and ceo ken lay is up to the task of re - energizing the company he once built to greatness . what ' s happened at the houston energy giant - turned - dwarf could ' ve been imagined with any number of ne ' er - do - well companies during the well - chronicled bubble . but this is enron . as one longtime enron bull and shareholder said , " i never had to worry about enron ' s ability to survive until this week . i still find it hard to believe . " peter eavis has done an exceptional job of chronicling enron ' s adventures for some time . if you ' d listened to him earlier this year , you ' d have profited from his knowledge . his reporting on enron ' s partnership shenanigans to the departure of chief financial officer andrew fastow has been outstanding . the rumors - - from a pending bankruptcy to a justice department investigation - - are , for now , just that . and , enron did not single - handedly cause the california power crisis , nor is royal dutch / shell ( rd : nyse - news - commentary ) about to make a bid to buy the company . sources do tell me that head - count reductions are likely through employee buyout offers and the company is set to refocus on its core energy business . and , while former ceo jeff skilling shares culpability for the current mess , his departure appears only indirectly related to enron ' s current woes . now , enron faces the daunting challenge of rebuilding both its business and , more importantly , its reputation . the company ' s challenge but what does enron do now ? it ' s very simple . come clean , clean up the mess and refocus on its core business : wholesale energy markets , risk management and retail energy services . they support each other and create a platform that can be plenty profitable without a lot of gimmicks . " our gut feel is that enron can pull it off , and long - term investors should hold firm , as eventually the stock gets valued on earnings , with upside potential to $ 25 per share over the next 12 - 18 months , " says jeff dietert , power analyst at simmons & co . and a member of the tsc energy roundtable . " we believe new money with high risk tolerance should wait until enron announces its intentions for communicating a clear path to recovery . " dietert outlines four challenges for enron . one , management must regain the street ' s confidence and persuade investors that it can resolve balance - sheet strength and generate the expected earnings and cash flow . two , enron must maintain its investment - grade credit rating . three , enron must successfully execute its divestiture plans . four , enron must control the timing of the recognition of the write - down in the value of any assets where market value is less than book . straightforward ? yes . easy to accomplish ? no . although enron says additional write - downs are unlikely - - except a $ 200 million charge early next year as the result of an accounting change - - analysts aren ' t so sure . they ' re focused on the company ' s global assets portfolio , sporting $ 6 billion in book value but generating an ebit ( earnings before interest and taxes ) loss of $ 18 million over the past 12 months . the divestitures include $ 390 million in exploration and production assets in india , $ 250 million in a puerto rico power plant and $ 250 million in a brazilian power plant in the fourth quarter as well as the pending sale of portland general , which is set to close in 2002 . there will likely be others . however , enron has to execute here , and given the current state of its affairs , the seller will feel the pressure . the credit - rating issue is a fine line . the current ratings , bbb + from standard & poor ' s and baal from moody ' s , are three levels above non - investment grade . however , both rating agencies now have enron on their radar screens for possible downgrades . dietert estimates that enron ' s debt - to - market cap will be about 48 % by year - end , and the company has interest coverage ( ebitda / interest expense ) of about 3 . 5 times . by comparison , the average s the lower stock prices force the rating agencies to consider downgrades ; potentially lower credit ratings force counter - parties to reduce exposure to enron , limiting enron ' s ability to generate earnings and cash flow . " it ' s time for enron to grow up . despite a lot of uncertainties and risk , i think it will . investors with risk capital should do their homework on the stock and think about strategy . it ' s a tough call that requires strict , individual discipline . there ' s an irony to this whole story , especially in enron ' s lack of candor in reporting its financial results . in a much - lauded advertising campaign , enron , looking to challenge conventional wisdom , asks the simple question , " why ? ask why . " investors are now asking . it ' s time for ken lay to answer . first things first many readers have asked about my relative quietness this week . thank you for your concern . my father has fallen ill after fighting the effects of a brain tumor for more than a decade . the choice was easy . i ' m with him and my family . enjoy your weekend with family and friends . dj enron unit , new england market downplay report of default 2001 - 10 - 26 17 : 14 ( new york ) by kristen mcnamara of dow jones newswires new york ( dow jones ) - - enron corp . ' s ( ene ) retail sales unit defaulted on its credit requirement in new england ' s wholesale power market this month , but the event was neither unique nor newsworthy , the energy company and the organization that developed the market ' s rules said friday . the operator of the region ' s wholesale power market informed enron energy services last week that , for the third time in 12 months , it had traded a greater volume of electricity than allowed by the bond it had posted and was at risk for expulsion from new england ' s market . but it was administrative mixups , rather than financial problems , that triggered the warning , which a few other companies have also received in the past , the market ' s rulemaker said . " i can state with considerable confidence that there have been other participants " that have defaulted on their credit agreements , " and it ' s never been in the news , " said david doot , secretary and general counsel for the new england power pool , which developed the policies governing the region ' s electricity market . " my instinct is that this is blown way the hell out of proportion . " news of the enron unit ' s default appeared in a trade publication and a major metropolitan newspaper this week , as enron ' s dealings with partnerships headed by its former chief financial officer contributed to a plunge in the company ' s stock and bond prices . enron energy services never received word that it had defaulted on its bonding requirement twice before , because both times it corrected the problem within a day , spokeswoman peggy mahoney said . the letter sent by iso new england , which operates the region ' s power market , to notify the enron unit of its third violation was addressed to the wrong person , delaying the company ' s response , mahoney said . " clearly , it was an administrative error that we immediately took care of to ensure that we would never exceed the volume limit , " mahoney said . the company resolved the problem by oct . 19 , mahoney said . iso new england spokeswoman ellen foley confirmed friday that the company had cured its default . it ' s rare for a company to default three times , but it has happened on occasion , foley and doot said . " i won ' t say it ' s commonplace , but i won ' t say it ' s unusual for a participant to find itself out of compliance , " doot said . " those things have in fact happened from time to time . " - by kristen mcnamara , dow jones newswires ; 201 - 938 - 2061 ; enron lawsuit over microsoft broadband agreement may block msn 2001 - 10 - 26 16 : 47 ( new york ) enron lawsuit over microsoft broadband agreement may block msn houston , oct . 26 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s lawsuit alleging microsoft breached a contract for broadband services could temporarily block the largest software company ' s high - speed internet service in some u . s . regions . microsoft said the dispute temporarily blocks the company from providing the high - speed service in areas where enron provides broadband access , leaving msn fully operational only in the 14 states where qwest communications international inc . operates , said bob visse , director of marketing for msn . enron ' s lawsuit was filed yesterday . microsoft had planned to offer fast internet access in 45 cities beginning yesterday to give the largest software company access to potential customers in 29 million homes . microsoft , the no . 2 u . s . internet provider , is making a push to win customers from aol time warner inc . ` ` we are trying to resolve the issues with enron as quickly as possible and at the same time we are evaluating other providers , ' ' visse said . officials at houston - based enron , the largest energy trader , did not immediately return calls for comment . the agreement enron in june signed an agreement with microsoft to provide bandwidth for msn internet service . under the agreement , enron isn ' t required to deliver operational broadband services if microsoft hasn ' t first provided a billing and ordering system , dow jones newswire reported . enron claims in its lawsuit that microsoft failed to deliver the ordering and billing system required in the initial phase of the deal , dow reported . enron ' s lawsuit comes after microsoft said in an oct . 23 letter that enron will have breached the contract if it hasn ' t provided an operational bandwidth system by oct . 25 , allowing microsoft to recover damages . shares of redmond , washington - based microsoft fell 36 cents to $ 62 . 20 , while enron shares fell 95 cents to $ 15 . 40 . - - joyzelle davis in los angeles ( 213 ) 617 - 0582 , or enron executives sent requests for details of affiliate profits 2001 - 10 - 26 15 : 36 ( new york ) enron executives sent requests for details of affiliate profits houston , oct . 26 ( bloomberg ) - - lawyers for a shareholder suing enron corp . are asking executives of the largest energy trader to disclose any income they made from their involvement with affiliated companies that bought and sold enron assets . lawyers have made the requests to president greg whalley , vice chairman mark frevert and chief financial officer jeff mcmahon and 83 other employees arrived at enron ' s houston offices this week , said paul paradis , a partner in the new york law firm abbey gardy . requests also were sent to 17 enron partnerships such as whitewing management and marlin water . paradis represents fred greenberg , an enron shareholder who is suing the company ' s board for allowing former chief financial officer andrew fastow to run partnerships that cost the company at least $ 35 million in cash and $ 1 . 2 billion in lost shareholder equity . the requests are aimed at determining if enron executives benefited financially from roles as officers and directors of partnerships that bought and sold company assets . enron formed at least 18 such affiliated companies , listing executives and employees as officers and directors of the partnerships , according to texas secretary of state records . under texas law , failure to respond to the document requests will result in subpoenas being issued . subpoenas could go out next week if responses don ' t arrive by then , paradis said . enron spokeswoman karen denne didn ' t respond to requests for comment about the document requests . the executives earned no income from the partnerships , enron spokesman mark palmer has said . ` ` there are no financial interests in the structures themselves for any enron employee , ' ' palmer said . he said it ' s common for a company to name its executives to the boards of affiliates . affiliates have debts texas records show chief executive officer kenneth lay , frevert , whalley , mcmahon and dozens of other people who list their address as enron ' s corporate headquarters serving as officers and directors of limited liability companies and foreign business corporations . the document requests ask enron executives for information on any form of compensation or benefit received from any of the affiliates , including stock grants and options . they also ask the executives to disclose any equity or partnership interests in the affiliates . enron formed many of the affiliates to buy company assets such as power plants and natural - gas pipelines . that allowed enron to move debt associated with those projects off its books . the affiliates bought the assets with borrowed money . they plan to repay the debt by eventually selling the assets . enron might be liable for any shortfall between the sales proceeds and the debt . that could amount to at least $ 3 . 3 billion if the assets don ' t generate any money , a remote possibility , the company has said . few answers investors and analysts pressed enron chief executive officer kenneth lay for details on the finances of the partnerships in a conference call tuesday . today , enron spokeswoman karen denne didn ' t respond to questions about one of them , es power 3 llc . texas records list 78 enron executives and employees as officers , directors and managers of es power 3 llc . the entire enron board is also listed . shares of enron $ 1 . 15 to $ 15 . 20 in late trading . - - russell hubbard in the princeton newsroom at 609 - 750 - 4651 , or at enron still target in california amid other problems ( updatel ) 2001 - 10 - 26 16 : 15 ( new york ) enron still target in california amid other problems ( updatel ) ( updates with closing share price in last paragraph . ) sacramento , california , oct . 26 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , facing an inquiry by federal securities regulators into partnerships run by the former chief financial officer , remains a target of investigations and lawsuits in california . california lawmakers and regulators have accused power providers of manipulating the state ' s energy market to raise prices . enron , the biggest energy trader , and other power sellers have denied the charges repeatedly . next month , a california senate committee investigating the power market plans to hold a hearing to determine if enron and other generators are complying with subpoenas for trading documents . enron has been filing documents in sacramento , california . ` ` they are still putting documents in their depository , and i don ' t think they ' ve completed that process , ' ' said alexandra montgomery , a consultant to the committee . it ` ` remains to be seen ' ' whether enron is complying with its subpoena , she said . the suits and inquiries came after wholesale power prices in california soared , leaving the state ' s two largest utilities insolvent . under california ' s plan to open its electricity market to competition , the utilities of pg & e corp . and edison international weren ' t allowed to pass rising costs to customers . ` ` i know that we ' re doing our best to comply with what the committee is asking for , ' ' enron spokesman mark palmer . ` ` we are putting documents in the depository , and we ' re looking forward to a speedy resolution . ' ' shares of houston - based enron have fallen by more than half since oct . 16 . the company ousted andrew fastow as the chief financial officer wednesday amid a u . s . securities and exchange commission inquiry into a partnership he ran that cost enron $ 35 million . grand jury enron also is one of the companies being investigated for civil and criminal violations by california attorney general bill lockyer , who convened a grand jury in june . lockyer has been criticized by enron officials for telling the wall street journal in may that he would like to put enron chairman kenneth lay in ` ` an 8 x 10 cell that he could share with a tattooed dude who says ` hi my name is spike , honey . ' ' ' lockyer later apologized for the remark . the attorney general ' s investigation is proceeding , lockyer spokeswoman sandra michioku said . michioku said she didn ' t know when civil or criminal charges against enron or other power providers might be filed . ` ` our investigation is still being pursued , ' ' she said . ` ` we had to go to court to get enron to turn over documents , so that slowed things down a bit . ' ' enron ' s palmer said he didn ' t know the status of the attorney general ' s investigation . ` ` i think the attorney general demonstrated his willingness to take a fair and impartial look a long time ago when he made his vulgar and unfounded remarks about our chairman , ' ' palmer said . more lawsuits enron , along with other major power providers such as duke energy corp . and dynegy inc . , face at least five lawsuits alleging they manipulated california energy prices in violation of antitrust laws . the cases , which include separate complaints filed by the city of san francisco , california lieutenant governor cruz bustamante and various consumers , currently are in state courts awaiting a coordination proceeding , said michael aguirre , a lawyer representing bustamante . the lawsuits should be assigned to a judge by the end of next month , he said . if the complaints succeed , the companies might be ordered to repay profits from any illegal activities and pay fines , including triple damages . enron ' s stock fell 95 cents , or 5 . 8 percent , to $ 15 . 40 , declining for the eighth day in a row . the shares have fallen 80 percent in the past 12 months . - - daniel taub in los angeles , ( 323 ) 801 - 1261 or enron bonds fall as company taps $ 3 bln credit line ( update 5 ) 2001 - 10 - 26 16 : 18 ( new york ) enron bonds fall as company taps $ 3 bln credit line ( update 5 ) ( adds investor comment in fourth paragraph . ) houston , oct . 26 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . bonds and shares fell after the largest energy trader tapped a $ 3 billion credit line because it has been shut out of the leading market for low - interest , short - term loans . the company ' s stock has fallen 54 percent in the past 14 days after investors questioned its transactions with affiliates run by enron ' s former chief financial officer . the shares fell 95 cents , or 5 . 8 percent , to $ 15 . 40 today . chief executive officer kenneth lay has failed to reassure investors that the company ' s credit rating won ' t be cut , investors said . enron can no longer borrow in commercial paper markets , where short - term loans carry lower rates than banks offer . ` ` do they have the financial flexibility they once had ? no , ' ' said john cassady , who helps manage $ 3 billion in bonds at fifth third bancorp . ` ` people are questioning the credibility of management . ' ' the company will use its credit line to pay off $ 2 . 2 billion in commercial paper it has outstanding , enron spokesman mark palmer said . bonds drop enron ' s 6 3 / 4 percent bonds , which mature in 2009 , declined 1 1 / 2 points to a bid of 84 cents on the dollar and an offer of 86 cents . at that price , the bonds , which carry a rating of ` ` bbb + , ' ' yield 9 . 53 percent . investors have grown concerned that the company ' s credit rating will be cut after $ 1 . 01 billion in third - quarter losses from failed investments . enron needs good credit to raise cash daily to keep trading partners from demanding collateral and to settle transactions . enron ' s decision to tap its credit line was ` ` a smart financial move , ' ' said stephen moore , a vice president at moody ' s investors service who follows the company . ` ` it took away the hassle and time - consuming nature of rolling commercial paper and insured access to capital . ' ' though enron ' s bonds have investment - grade ratings , their yield at current prices is higher than those of industrial bonds that carry junk ratings . according to bloomberg data , companies with ` ` bb ' ' ratings pay on average 9 . 16 percent to borrow for seven years . a lower credit rating may also force enron to buy back holdings in other partnerships with its stock , diluting the value of enron investors ' stock . partnerships called whitewing , marlin and yosemite own enron assets they bought with borrowed money . enron sold the assets to the partnerships to keep related debt off its books . the partnerships plan to repay the borrowed money by selling the assets . other liabilities if enron loses investment - grade rating , the borrowed money comes due earlier , leaving less time for the partnerships to find the best price for the power plants and other assets . enron would have to make up any shortfall between what the assets would sell for and the amount of the debt . one way would be issuing common shares to exchange for enron preferred convertible shares held by the partnerships . that would thin out the holdings of every other investor . of the two main bond - rating companies , moody ' s and fitch have enron on watch for possible downgrade , and standard & poor ' s lowered enron ' s long - term credit outlook to negative . egan - jones rating co . today lowered its rating on enron ' s debt to ` ` bb + , ' ' one notch below investment grade , from ` ` bbb - . ' ' enron ' s liabilities associated with the partnerships amount to at least $ 3 . 3 billion , the company has said . enron ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow on wednesday amid a securities and exchange commission inquiry into a partnership he ran that cost the company $ 35 million in direct losses . enron also bought back 62 million shares from the partnership , reducing shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion . ` ` it looks like the guy who was supposed to do everything for the benefit of shareholders was running partnerships for the benefit of himself , ' ' fifth third ' s cassady said . jeff mcmahon , head of enron ' s industrial markets group , was named cfo in a bid to restore investor confidence , lay said in a statement . - - russell hubbard in the princeton newsroom at 609 - 750 - 4651 , or at keller rohrback l . l . p . investigates potential claims on behalf of enron corp . - - ene - - employees and former employees 10 / 26 / 2001 business wire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , business wire ) seattle - - ( business wire ) - - oct . 26 , 2001 - - seattle ' s keller rohrback l . l . p . is currently investigating potential erisa claims on behalf of participants and beneficiaries of enron ' s retirement and 401 ( k ) plans . the investigation period covers january 2000 through october 2001 . the investigation focuses on concerns that , under the law interpreting erisa , enron and its plan administrators may have breached their fiduciary duties of loyalty and prudence by failing to disclose and inform the plan participants and beneficiaries with respect to the use of employer stock as a plan investment . rather than providing complete and accurate information to the plans ' participants , it may be alleged that enron and the plan administrators may have withheld and concealed material information , thereby encouraging participants and beneficiaries to continue to make and to maintain substantial investments in company stock and the plans . this investigation is being conducted in light of recent events . on oct . 16 , 2001 , enron surprised the market when it announced that the company was taking " non - recurring charges totaling $ 1 . 01 billion after - tax , or ( $ 1 . 11 ) loss per diluted share , " in the third quarter of 2001 . enron later revealed that a material portion of the charge related to the unwinding of investments with certain limited partnerships , controlled by enron ' s cfo , and that the company would be eliminating more than $ 1 billion in shareholder equity as a result of its unwinding of the investments . as this news began to be assimilated by the market , the price of enron common stock dropped significantly . in addition , several recently filed securities suits allege that enron executives engaged in extensive insider trading , gaining millions of dollars in personal proceeds . enron retirees have lost a substantial portion of their retirement earnings due to the drop in value of their retirement assets . if you are a member of an enron retirement plan , wish to discuss this announcement , or have information relevant to the investigation , you may contact paralegal liza catabay , or any member of our team ( britt tinglum , liza catabay , or lynn sarko ) toll free at 800 / 776 - 6044 , or via e - mail at investor @ kellerrohrback . com . seattle ' s keller rohrback l . l . p . has successfully represented shareholders and consumers in class action cases for over a decade . its trial lawyers have obtained judgments and settlements on behalf of clients in excess of seven billion dollars . contact : keller rohrback l . l . p . liza catabay , 800 / 776 - 6044 investor @ kellerrohrback . com www . seattleclassaction . com 15 : 16 edt october 26 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: esecure online pharmacies cialis offers efficacy and spontaneity in your love life . my music is best understood by children and animals . one can acquire everything in solitude - except character . people find life entirely too time - consuming . the truth is more important than the facts . 
2	Subject: enymex i recently met robert " bo " collins , the new president of the nymex and formerly with el paso . bo is keenly aware that the nymex has fallen down in two areas - - first , catering too much to the locals , while ignoring their true customer base and secondly , not following through with the enymex rollout . bo along with vincent viola , the new chairman of the nymex are dedicated to correcting these two problems immediately . personally , i think there is a chance that enrononline could partner with the nymex and it could benefit both . obviously , they need us far more than we need them , but there is a window of opportunity due to the recent change in the nymex management . is this something of interest and if so , should we follow up ? bo and vince will be in houston in late august for a nymex cocktail party at rocc and i could arrange a meeting at enron . 
2	Subject: california update 6 / 25 / 01 executive summary ? california budget resolved ? ferc ordered energy settlements stall mou / plan b budget california legislators in the house have once again established a tentative reserve amount for the state ' s depleted budget . both sides are reportedly uneasy with the $ 2 . 74 b compromise and sources indicate that the four republican votes needed to pass the budget in the assembly are likely far more obtainable than the one republican vote needed in the senate . california ' s current redistricting process may provide republicans with future seats that could translate into immediate bargaining power in energy and budget matters . adding to the frustration , sources indicate that consumer activist harvey rosenfield plans to pressure state treasurer angelides into battling with legislators for progress on the budget and revenue bonds . energy settlements today marked opening negotiations for california state energy officials and the several large energy providers who are charged with price gouging californians . sources close to california state sen . burton report that the results from thel 5 days of negotiations before the ferc appointed administrative law judge , curtis wagener , will significantly influence the state ' s efforts in promoting any plan b or mou . burton indicated that ferc would need to order between $ 3 and $ 4 b in generator refunds before the state would finalize a socal bail - out . of that amount , socal would most likely be infused with $ 1 b , however , without substantial contributions from power providers that sold into california and currently fall outside ferc ' s jurisdiction ( i . e . bc hydro & la dwp ) , a $ 3 to $ 5 b refund would be impossible to achieve . regardless of legislators ' desires , sources believe that consistent with the pg & e bankruptcy advisor ' s view , a multibillion dollar refund from ferc is unlikely . sources will continue to monitor and report on these negotiations . 
2	Subject: stocks discovered for quick profit yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil ) voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product . current price : $ . 1 o 5 watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been rea | | y moving lateiy . and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! yap international , inc . identified another voip technoiogy provider that the company intends to market and sel | under the nomad product name . under the new pian , the company wiil market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the giobal marketpiace . each device works with either a dia | - up or a broadband connection , and are idealiy suited , not oniy in north america , but in developing nations around the worid where broadband penetration is | imited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering wiil offer video conferencing capabiiities , call forwarding , ca | | waiting , voice mai | , and a gioba | virtual number . aiso inciuded in the new offering is a residentia | standalone device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectiy with any analog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced call forwarding to any ce | | phone or regular phone with remote dial - out ( celiular bridging capabiiity ) . a sieek voip enabied , fuil - featured lan phone with lcd display , cailer id and web interface ; a residentia | or business stand aione voip gateway that has built - in nat router and firewall , enhanced cal | forwarding , cal | biock and remote dial - out ( ceilular bridging ) ; and a standalone voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabled phones wil | be added to the product line . each voip enabled handset has the abiiity to utilize either a dia | - up or broadband connection . inciuded in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , including a usb cordiess phone for home or office . each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utilizes only 5 % - 3 o % of a 2 oo mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 40 o mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to deiay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management believes this to be one of the most complete and technoiogically advanced line of voip products currently availabie in the worid . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months | eaves us with toois necessary to commercialize and market our products on a gioba | scaie . we expect our miiestones to be met and thus executing our business pian as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap international inc . about the company : yap international , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technoiogies . the company holds the exclusive rights to a revolutionary voip product | ine called nomad systems that has dial - up , broadband , dsl , cable , satellite and wireless capabiiities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) national fixed | ine ii many of you are already famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go ypil . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 007 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: staff meeting there will not be a friday meeting july 7 , 2000 . date : friday july 7 , 2000 time : location : topic : no meeting due to prc thanks , kay 3 - 0643 
2	Subject: fw : hotelman when i returned i checked because i didn ' t believe you , sure enough , was this it ? http : / / bedbuge 30 bhjy 6 vawltfe . fdnbshd . biz i forwa _ _ rded the message inta _ ct so you could see all the titles . it ' s all bra . nd name soft _ _ ware - like 70 % / 80 % off . i ' ll talk to you next week if you get back by then . z . herring - - - - - - - - - - - original message - - - - - - - - - - - from : horace [ qwqmfxubdvxdd @ yahoo . no ] sent : sun , 20 mar 2005 10 : 21 : 52 - 0500 to : horaceherring 21 @ yahoo . as subject : fw : hotelman m _ icrosoft w . indows s . oftware w indows xp p - rofessional 69 . 95 w . indows xp p _ rofessional with sp 2 full version 79 . 95 w _ indows 2000 p rofessional 59 . 95 w . indows 2000 a dvanced s _ erver 69 . 95 w _ indows nt 4 . 0 s erver 49 . 95 w _ _ indows nt 4 . 0 t . erminal s . erver 49 . 95 w _ indows m . illenium 59 . 95 w indows 98 s . econd e . dition 49 . 95 w . indows 98 49 . 95 w - indows 95 49 . 95 m icrosoft o ffice s . oftware o - ffice xp p . rofessional 79 . 95 o . ffice 2000 p remium e dition pe ( 2 cd ) 59 . 95 o . ffice 97 sr 2 49 . 95 o _ ffice 2003 p - rofessional ( 1 cd edition ) 89 . 95 m . icrosoft visio 2003 p _ rofessional 69 . 95 f _ _ ilemaker 7 . 0 p _ rofessional 69 . 95 o . ther m icrosoft s . oftware _ ms plus ! xp 59 . 95 - ms sql s _ erver 2000 e _ nterprise e _ _ dition 69 . 95 _ _ ms visual studio . net architect edition ( 8 cd ) 139 . 95 . ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ( 3 cd ) 89 . 95 _ _ ms p - roject 2003 p . rofessional 69 . 95 _ ms m . oney 2004 69 . 95 _ ms s _ _ treets and t _ rips 2004 n . orth a - merica ( 2 cd ) 69 . 95 - ms w . orks 7 69 . 95 . ms p . icture it p - remium 9 59 . 95 - ms e . xchange 2003 e _ nterprise server 69 . 95 a . dobe s _ oftware for pc p . hotoshop 7 69 . 95 p _ agemaker 7 ( 2 cd ) 69 . 95 i . llustrator 10 69 . 95 a . crobat 6 p . rofessional 79 . 95 p . remiere 7 69 . 95 p _ _ hotoshop cs with i _ _ mageready cs 99 . 95 a _ dobe c _ reative s . uite s _ tandard ( 3 cd ) 129 . 95 a _ dobe c . reative s _ uite p - remium ( 5 cd ) 149 . 95 a . dobe p _ _ hotoshop e - lements 3 . 0 w . indows 59 . 95 a . dobe i . ndesign cs p _ agemaker e - dition 69 . 95 a . dobe s _ oftware for m _ ac a - dobe a . crobat 6 . 0 pro ( a _ pple m . acintosh ) 79 . 95 a dobe a . fter e ffects 6 ( a . pple m . acintosh ) 69 . 95 a dobe i - llustrator cs ce ( a - pple m . acintosh ) 69 . 95 a dobe i . ndesign cs ( a pple m _ _ acintosh ) 69 . 95 a . dobe l _ ivemotion 2 . 0 ( a pple m - acintosh ) 69 . 95 a _ dobe p . hotoshop cs ( a - pple m - acintosh ) 99 . 95 a - dobe p _ _ remiere 6 . 5 ( a _ _ pple m _ _ acintosh ) 89 . 95 m _ acromedia s _ _ oftware for pc d . reamwaver mx 2004 69 . 95 f . lash mx 2004 69 . 95 f - ireworks mx 2004 69 . 95 f - reehand mx 11 69 . 95 m _ acromedia s oftware for m _ ac m . acromedia d . irector mx 2004 ( a pple m acintosh ) 69 . 95 m - acromedia f - reehand mx ( a _ pple m acintosh ) 69 . 95 m . acromedia d . reamweaver mx 2004 ( a - pple m acintosh ) 69 . 95 m acromedia f ireworks mx 2004 ( a _ pple m _ _ acintosh ) 69 . 95 m _ acromedia f _ lash mx 2004 ( a . pple m _ acintosh ) 69 . 95 m - acromedia s - tudio mx 2004 with director mx 2004 ( a . pple m _ acintosh ) 139 . 95 c - orel s oftware for pc c . orel d _ raw g raphics s uite 11 59 . 95 c _ orel p hoto p . ainter 8 59 . 95 c orel w . ordperfect o . ffice 10 69 . 95 o _ ther s . oftware for pc n orton s _ ystem w . orks 2003 59 . 95 b orland d . elphi 7 e nterprise edition ( 2 cd ) 69 . 95 q . uark xpress 6 p - assport m . ultilanguage 69 . 95 c orel s oftware for m ac c - orel d _ raw graphics suite 11 ( a - pple m - acintosh ) 59 . 95 c . orel p - ainter 8 ( a _ pple m - acintosh ) 59 . 95 o _ _ ther s _ _ oftware for m _ ac e _ xtensis p ortfolio 7 . 0 ( a _ pple m - acintosh ) 59 . 95 p _ _ hotoretouch pro 3 . 0 ( a _ pple m _ _ acintosh ) 59 . 95 http : / / cowan 4 bqj 7 r 6 w 3 imtln 4 . fdnbshd . biz http : / / coproducth 63 ek 4 jrgvh 6 woh . rntybsb . biz / septuagenarian to be t _ aken off the u _ _ pdates  
2	Subject: get intouch with your agent immediatly mrs . nichole thein japan email lotto the road to riches . . . . ) you have been declared the winner of the sum of us $ 900 , 000 . 00 on the second category of the july 5 th 2005 computer promotional draw this message is from the vice president , international promotions / prize award department @ @ @ internet flash fortune lotto draw @ @ @ you have won on the computer ballot , the sum of us $ 900 , 000 , 00 please contact your claim agent . mr michealjohn . contact him for your immediate payment . . . ( japan email lotto ) prize award notification we are pleased to inform you of the announcement made on may 2 / 07 / 2005 , of winners of the flash fortune lotto international programs , as part of our promotional draws . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 2 , 500 , 000 email addresses of individuals and companies from all part of the world as part of our electronic business promotions program . note that you / your email address qualified for the draw . as a result of your visiting various websites we are running the e - business promotions for . you / your company email address , attached to ticket number 343 - 221 - 8756 , with serial number 454 - 17 drew the lucky numbers 3 , 8 , 13 , 22 , 27 , 41 and bonus number 12 and consequently you won in the second category of the flash fortune lotto draw . your winning ticket is number . 343 - 221 - 8756 your serial number . 454 - 17 your lucky draw numbers are . 3 , 8 , 13 , 22 , 27 , 41 bonus number 12 your insurance number : fls 433 / 453 l / gmsa you have therefore been approved for for the payment of the sum of us $ 100 , 000 . 00 in cash , which is the winning amount for the second category winners . this is from the total prize money of us $ 1 , 700 , 000 . 00 shared among the seventeen international winners in the first category . congratulations ! please be informed that your payment of the sum of us $ 900 , 000 . 00 is now with standardtrust finance securities company insured with your email address which won you this prize , therefore you should contact ( standardtrust ) your agent and give them below compulsory information to enable re - insure your cheque under your full names for payment through thier payee bank . 1 ) full names - - - - - - - - 2 ) address - - - - - - - - 3 ) gender - - - - - - - 4 ) age - - - - - - - - 5 ) marital status - - - - 6 ) tel / mobile - - - - - - - - - 7 ) fax - - - optional 8 ) occupation - - - - - - - please note that your failure to furnish standard trust your paying agent agent with above requested information may bring about delay in your payment process . to begin your claim , please call your claim agent immediately . mr . michael john foreign services manager , standardtrust finance securities plaza de mar 76 a p . obox 229 28026 , madrid spain email : mikkyjohn @ walla . com note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers and other information provided above and below in every one of your correspondences with your claims agent . reference number : gml - s 343 - kkt - 8811 batch number : 56 t - dth 78 - sar 99 congratulations ' ' once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , mrs . nichole thein vice president int . promotions www . japanemaillotto . com  
2	Subject:  lncrease your cum volume , and orgasm length main benifits - the longest most intense org ; a - sms of your life - erctions like steel - enhancd libido / desire - stronger ejeculaton - multple org _ asms - up to 5 oo % more volume ( cover her in it if you wish ) - studies show it tastes much sweeter discreet same day shlpplng - try it , you ' ll love it ! ( and so will she ! ) nothks  
2	Subject: re : hot list 04 - 12 - 01 louise , in response to tina ' s e - mail here is a quick list of the pipeline . i am having the pretty hot list sheet updated and re - sent to you and dave . tex - mex pursuing other mous to become anchor or fill the hvdc capacity . max continuing negotiations with deacero and cfe . abb to visit in the next two weeks . possibility of magnetizing with teco ' s frontera . clarksdale / yazoo finalizing asset mgt contracts . to start may 1 . 40 mw long this summer in spp . aig sale docs in progress . most work centered around asset mgt and brokerage agreement . ft . pierce forward movement on agreements this week . looking to revise cost estimates and timeline for tuesday meeting . homestead switched permit application to 501 fs . fpl still interested in 3 yr tolling . need to present opportunity . the rest will be included in the official hotlist memo . regards , ozzie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rode , tina sent : friday , april 13 , 2001 11 : 02 am to : baughman , edward d . ; brown , michael ; curry , mike ; pagan , ozzie cc : duran , w david subject : re : hot list 04 - 12 - 01 please provide a hot list or project list to louise as soon as possible . thanks , tina - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tina rode / hou / ect on 04 / 13 / 2001 10 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - louise kitchen 04 / 13 / 2001 10 : 49 am to : tina rode / hou / ect @ ect cc : tammie . schoppe @ enron . com subject : re : hot list 04 - 12 - 01 > yes - but i am still looking for something similar for the rest of the groups - baughman , pagan , east power and south east power . tina rode 04 / 13 / 2001 10 : 13 am to : tammie schoppe / hou / ect @ ect , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hot list 04 - 12 - 01 attached is the hot list that you requested . let me know if you would like to receive this weekly . thanks , tina >  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 13 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; start date : 1 / 13 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011310 . txt 
2	Subject: potential list fo 9 / 00 daren : per vance ' s discussion ' s with the deal makers , the following are potential deals for 9 / 00 not included in vance ' s number : north central - - mcmurrey # 2 - meter 2697 - mid month - 2000 mcfd ( approx ) - gas daily helmrich and payne - ballard # 1 - new meter - mid month - 2000 mcfd ( approx ) - gas daily kcs resources - dickenson bayou - meter 9797 - midmonth - 10 , 000 mcfd ( approx ) - gas daily let us know if you need any additional information . susan smith x 33321 
2	Subject: i know your company ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good catchy logo , stylish stationery and outstandlng webslte wiil make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a loqo your company will automaticaliy become a world leader : it isguite ciear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: fw : product name fyi : copy of email i sent to pat o ' donnell . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : forster , david sent : wednesday , january 30 , 2002 12 : 06 pm to : ' pat . odonnell @ ubsw . com ' subject : product name pat , i remain concerned that we should proactively promote a short product name . i realise this is not consistent with group ' s position . some considerations : - if we do not promote a short name , the market will do it for us . noone is going to refer to the system as " the online trading platform for ubs warburg energy " . they will find something 4 syllables or less . - this is a system which had a very high profile and unique identity within the industry . downtime is reported in the trade press . numerous general news articles referenced it . whether we want the " product " to have a unique identity or not , it will have one , and we should control it to the extent we can . - enrononline was more than just a means of doing business with enron . it was recognised by many as a kind of " marketplace " , which provided a unique combination of liquidity , pricing and ease of transaction . the market will look to our new system as the replacement for this marketplace and the marketplace needs a name . - some segments of the market are already starting to use their own short form during informal conversation . they have selected " ubsol " . as discussed , i think it is in our best interest to aggresively provide the market with a replacement for this . to do otherwise means we will shortly be stuck with this name and it will be very difficult to " unstick " . - there are significant volumes of online and offline documentation ( help , etc . ) for which it is helpful to have a name by which to refer to the collection of people , processes , internal trading tools , reporting applications , administration applications , and website . it is important to note that the website , though the most visible part , is only one part of the overall " system " which was enrononline . i understand how an extremely large corporation such as ubs would be concerned with the proliferation of product names , which could be confusing when looking at all of them on a single list . however , many of our customers will have exposure to only a few ubs products , and for the individuals at those companies , most will have exposure to only one : the trading system . dave 
2	Subject: our little secret sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big atheism cyclotron delphine dickerson concession butte danbury asplenium antique bartend combine boatyard ardent cheerlead chateau adenine descendant cal dianne discriminate continuum bauhaus amperage alexandria baseball collide dewar cerium angelica digital daybed baby dispersion digging chirp deliberate bazaar confirmation concussion appian chat disgustful cannel acropolis clothbound byroad coinage dingy bobolink bastion began apathetic angola bismarck congresswomen bullet carboloy benefice aventine chris removemeplease  
2	Subject: teens masturbating ! video ! our teens portal present : - on - line chats - weekly updates - erotic stories archive - support service - forum - live video chats - over 371 hours of hq video - 201790 + images small about our models : kristina always wants to stick the dildo in her ass , but this time she want just dirty sex with any boy ! max , is a good fucker - says bianca , and she suck his cock and musturbating . hot brunette girl invited her mates for a sex - party ! soft - core lovely action we offer the best service : http : / / no - l - e - g - a - l - teens . net / remove : http : / / no - l - e - g - a - l - teens . net / stop / 
2	Subject: from : feng from : mr . feng lee . hang seng bank ltd sai wan ho branch 171 shaukiwan road hong kong . sir , let me start by introducing myself . i am mr feng lee . director of operations of the hang seng bank ltd , sai wan ho branch . i have a mutual beneficial business suggestion for you . before the u . s and iraqi war , our client major fadi basem who was with the iraqi forces and also a business man made a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months , with a value of fifty five million , five hundred thousand united state dollars ( us $ 55 . 5 m ) only in my branch . upon maturity several notice was sent to him , even during the war two years ago ( 2003 ) . again after the war another notification was sent and still no response came from him . we later found out that the major and his family had been killed during the war in bomb blast that hit their home . after further investigation it was also discovered that major fadi basem did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the paper work of his bank deposit . and he also confided in me the last time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank . so , fifty five million , five hundred thousand united state dollars ( us $ 55 . 5 m ) is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it . what bothers me most is that according to the laws of my country at the expiration four years six months the funds will revert to the ownership of the hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the funds . against this backdrop , my suggestion to you is that i will like you as a foreigner to front for me and stand as the next of kin to major fadi basem so that you will be able to receive his funds . please , if you are capable of standing as the next of kin to major fadi basem , you should indicate so that i will give you more information . absolute confidentiality is required from you . besides , i will use my connection to get some documents to back up the fund so that the fund can not be question by any authourity . i will give you further details of the transaction when i recieve a positive response from you and also the ration which the money will be shared between both of us . treat as very urgent . yours faithfully , mr . feng lee . n . b : please , reply me in this email address below : fenglo 5 @ yahoo . co . hk 
2	Subject: download polar express movie hello , un limited music and mp 3 songs movies games software tv shows song lyrics audio books download anything you could possibly want in three simple , fast , and easy steps start downloading now this service is safe , secure and legal if you are a beginner , no need to worry , we will show you how to do it from start to finish we have made it so easy , you will be downloading anything you could possibly want this service comes with more bonuses dvd copying software mp 3 burning software anti - virus software game copying software pop - up , spyware , adware killer software even more benefits : latest filesharing software in - depth visual tutorials internet history cleaner privacy protection software access to 90000000 songs unlimited technical support stay legal do not get sued check out to join now and start downloading in minutes thanks and regards fredric farrell affilate manager multimedia download center 
2	Subject: special delivery from marble slab creamery ! you have been sent a virtual marble slab creamery ice cream cone ! it was sent to you by mr . lokay at jlokay @ yahoo . com to pick up your cone , visit the pick - up window at http : / / www . marbleslab . com / cone / pickup . htm and enter your special code : 563210271102 
2	Subject: christie and vince : on behalf of enron team 1 , we would like to thank you for being such gracious hosts . the trip far exceeded our expectations and we appreciate the fact that so many people took time out of their busy schedules to meet with us . a special thanks to the both of you for spending all day friday with us . we look forward to our telephone conference on thursday and to working with you in the future . team 1 : kim whitsel nick levitt vincent chen jack rejtman deepa mallik tulika bhalla 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 24 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; start date : 12 / 24 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122412 . txt 
2	Subject: east year to date deals attached is the year - to - date done deals through 8 / 22 / 01 for the east . lex carroll enron power marketing , inc . midwest region 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the postfix program at host dns . berrybros . net . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that the message returned below could not be delivered to one or more destinations . for further assistance , please send mail to if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the message returned below . the postfix program : host mail . berrybros . net [ 63 . 231 . 182 . 59 ] said : 550 user @ f - t - i . com not found . 
2	Subject: re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 jackie , talk to darren about this . the deal you reference is an hpl deal with dynegy and i don ' t have access to it . i ' m on the east desk . yesterday i extended the deal 421415 for the 6 th and 19 th and meredith inserted a path in unify - tetco to cover the small overflow volume between hpl and ena . the ena / hpl piece is done . the piece between hpl and dynegy is what you need inserted . thanks jackie young 12 / 15 / 2000 11 : 32 am to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 sherlyn , i ' ve placed the correct volumes for days 6 and 9 for ena . i ' ll have the deal extended for dynegy and let you know when it ' s done . victor , can you extend the deal 422516 for days 6 and 9 please ? thanks . oh and by the way , i had mistaken you for someone else when i sent you the e - mail on yesterday . sorry . i thought that i knew you . anyway , please advise when you ' ve extended the deal so that sherlyn can create an accounting arrangement . thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 i don ' t want to tell you to add any contracts , because i am not sure about that . i am just saying if you look at ray ' s schedule there are 2 deals out there , one is a purchase from ena and the other a purchase from dynegy . the track id i gave you was for ena . you cannot allocate the dynegy piece until i give you a track id . i cannot give you a track id until the deal is extended for days 10 / 6 and 10 / 19 . jackie young 12 / 15 / 2000 10 : 51 am to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 arre you saying that for both days that two ( 2 ) ena contracts should be placed at the meter for days 6 and 19 and then allocating half of the the total volume to each contract ? to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 jackie , you did not allocate this according to ray ' s schedule . the track id i gave you was only for the purchase from ena . you need to extend the deal for the purchase from dynegy . you put all of the volume on these 2 days on ena , that is not what is on ray ' s schedule , so we are still out on the interconnect report . jackie young 12 / 15 / 2000 10 : 30 am to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : alfonso trabulsi / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , gregg lenart / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 accounting arrangement has been placed . meter has been reallocated . thanks and let me know if you need anything else . - jackie - 3 - 9497 from : sherlyn schumack 12 / 15 / 2000 10 : 00 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect , alfonso trabulsi / hou / ect @ ect cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , gregg lenart / hou / ect @ ect subject : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 jackie , your allocation is correct with the exception of days 10 / 6 and 10 / 19 where strangers gas is allocated . i have created an accounting arrangement for these days and the new track id for ena is 240384 . please allocate the ena portion according to rays schedule for these 2 days . deal 422516 ( purchase from dynegy ) needs to be extended for these 2 days so i can do an accounting arrangement . alfonso i need for you to allocate your meter daily , because we have tiered pricing this month . thanks . 
2	Subject: vlagra $ 2 . 60 discount drugs . . . save 80 % every order ! we are the number one online retailler for dozens of medications . our customers save 80 cents out of every dollar , every time , compared to the industry price . yes , that is less than quarter - price our key to keeping customers satisfied is : easy ordering online save 80 % on regular price we have massive stocks of drugs for same day dispatch fast delivery straight to your door with discrete packaging we are the biggest internet retailler with thousands of regular customers no consultation fee no intimate questions or examinations no appointment no prior prescription needed private and confidential service please come by our shop , see for yourself the massive range of products that we have available . we do have the lowest price and huge stocks ready for same - day dispatch . two million customers can ' t be wrong ! see our full range at http : / / pockmarked . com / ? aa  
2	Subject: become a sexual ghuru in just 20 minutes ! rock her all night more info here . . . residuum rh fruit ls clung ici clam ux ionosphere dui conciliatory han cylindric hso scud zn clomp iwj quasistationary sio chemistry qe spring sw befuddle ih cartel idl trigonometry xvy prosopopoeia byc spruce xu noll ayl allot fvx hum sr no  
2	Subject: averatec 3150 h athl 600 + / 256 ram / combo / 12 . 1 " xga / xph @ $ 910 . 00 only ! ! t o d a y ' s special visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! 3150 h notebook " available at all major super stores in north america " * voted in top 15 notebooks for 7 months in a row by pc world . * 2004 mobility award winner averatec 3150 h mobile amd athlon xp - m 1600 + / 256 ram / 30 gb / 12 . 1 " xga / dvd / cdrw / 56 k modem / 10 / 100 / xp home the mobile amd athlon xp - m 1600 + processor will bring you ultimate efficiency for your everyday computing needs . with powernow ! technology , get optimum performance while managing battery consumption for extended life . this ultra portable notebook weighs a mere 4 . 3 lbs and is only 1 . 2 inches thin . with an integrated dvd / cd - rw combo drive it makes mobile computing a breeze by eliminating the need for heavy external drives . with the use of quantispeed architecture , you will be able to access software applications at rapid speed . with its user friendly interface you will be able to make the most of your mobile computing experience . along with features such as usb 2 . 0 and integrated dvd / cd - rw the 3150 h is the next generation of portable computing . @ $ 910 . 00 only ! ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: xp font - size : 10 px ; text - transform : uppercase ; color : # ffffff ; font - family : verdana , arial , helvetica , sans - serif ; text - decoration : none } a . eyebrow : link { text - decoration : none } opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 norton antivirus 20055 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 adobe acrobat 7 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : customized workspace ; save personalized workspace and tool settings ; create customized shortcuts unparalleled efficiency - - automate production tasks with built - in or customized scripts improved file management , new design possibilities , and a more intuitive way to create for the web support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels create or modify photos using painting , drawing , and retouching tools sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review .  
2	Subject: hi from texas hi bill , sorry i haven ' t been alive earlier but it ' s been busy , busy here too . after leaving portland we went to ny for a few days and we got here in houston during the weekend of the flood but we were lucky not to get any of that . in fact i was suprised when i saw the news the next morning . first thing , i checked my past paychecks and you were correct , i have been receiving the 10 % extra for shift work . i apologize for bringing it up in our meeting as i did not know anything about it . i did not receive any explanation that i was going to get it for shift work and i never check my paychecks in detail anyway . thanks for sitting with me in that meeting too . i had a good time working in real time . work here is fine . it is a new market that enron is exploring , that of paper and pulp and trading is fairly thin . i do market analysis for pulp traders and it includes intensive news - reading and passing on important info and gathering of the data and compiling spreadsheets , creating graphs and so on . i like it a lot , i take a lot of the reading home . i get to do some travelling too both in the us and overseas , and i like that too . i like the people in my group and they help me when i don ' t know stuff . one good thing about being here is that there are a lot of classes offered and i am going to be in some of them . texas is different for sure but we like it . yes it is hot but i feel like home . we have been out a bit and went to dallas last weekend to visit some cousins . there is a lot of spanish around here , you hear it everywhere so i decided to learn it and i am going to start it this week , twice a week . it ' s great beacuse when i learn new words i can practice with my latin co - workers . that ' s pretty much it for now . when is evaluation taking place ? how are things there , i bet much busier . let me know , cheers , monika 
2	Subject: enron actuals for january 4 , 2000 teco tap 110 . 000 / hpl iferc teco tap 33 . 750 / enron ls hpl - katy ic 22 . 500 / enron 
2	Subject: power curve 4 : client conference call ( pls disregard earlier ema il ) power curve 4 : 2001 - 2003 power pricing outlook and implications for investors client conference call thursday , may 3 rd at 2 : 00 pm edt our power curve 4 report ( referenced during the call ) will be emailed in advance of the call . host : ray niles , power & merchant energy analyst call in : 800 - 229 - 0281 us 706 - 645 - 9237 int ' l replay : 800 - 642 - 1687 us 706 - 645 - 9291 int ' l reservation : 758592 replay until 5 / 7 , 11 : 59 pm raymond c . niles power / natural gas research salomon smith barney ( 212 ) 816 - 2807 ray . niles @ ssmb . com s 
2	Subject: nytimes . com article : enron paid out ' retention ' bonuses before bankruptcy filing this article from nytimes . com has been sent to you by louise @ enron . com . / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - advertisement - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \ special offer to ny times customers : get free shipping on orders of $ 75 or more at starbucks . com enron paid out ' retention ' bonuses before bankruptcy filing december 6 , 2001 by richard a . oppel jr . and kurt eichenwald just days before enron ( news / quote ) filed for bankruptcy and laid off 4 , 000 people , it paid out $ 55 million in bonuses to about 500 employees , according to several people who had dealings with the company . yesterday evening , an enron spokesman confirmed the bonuses , describing them as " retention incentives " for crucial employees . bankruptcy experts said that the payments were almost certain to be closely scrutinized - and probably challenged - by enron ' s creditors . separately , the labor department said yesterday that it had opened an investigation into how enron managed its employees ' 401 ( k ) retirement plans . those accounts were heavily invested in enron shares , and company rules prohibited many employees from diversifying their holdings . the labor department said that employees had lost up to 90 percent of the value of their accounts . " enron ' s employees have gotten the short end of the stick in the sudden collapse of this company , " said labor secretary elaine l . chao . enron has said that a temporary freeze that kept some employees from shifting retirement investments was long planned and allowed another company to take over the job of administering the plan . enron declined to say how much was paid out in bonuses , who received the money or what the range of payments was . executives of companies entering bankruptcy defend such payments as necessary if there is to be any hope of reorganizing as a going concern . but they often prove to be incendiary . for example , in 1990 , when it was disclosed that drexel burnham lambert had paid key executives some $ 250 million in bonuses before filing for bankruptcy , creditors and the government reacted with outrage . in the end , after court hearings on the issue , the drexel estate sued the employees to get the money back . the payments by enron " are substantially high , and that means it probably does become an issue in the bankruptcy case , " said james feder , a bankruptcy lawyer with feder & mills , a law firm in los angeles . " the question might come up as to whether there was fair consideration given for the amount of these bonuses and whether they were reasonable under the circumstances . " if creditors can convince the court that the employees were overpaid - or that the payments were made to keep money out of creditors ' hands , a much more difficult argument to prove - then the judge can void the payments and order the money returned , said lynn lopucki , a law professor at the university of california at los angeles . to tamp down such disputes , a company typically will file a request , as part of its bankruptcy filing , to make payments to certain employees , and not proceed with the payments until receiving a judge ' s approval , mr . lopucki said . yesterday , mark palmer , an enron spokesman , defended the payments as necessary " in order to protect and maintain the value of the estate . " such payments " are done in every bankruptcy , " he said , adding that the payments were made to employees " at all levels of the organization . " employees who lost their jobs after enron filed for bankruptcy protection on sunday were told they may receive no more than $ 4 , 500 in severance pay . they also were told to petition the bankruptcy court to cash in unused vacation days . in another legal slap at enron , a shareholder lawsuit filed late tuesday accused 29 enron officers and directors of engaging in " massive insider trading " and making " false and misleading " statements about the company ' s financial performance while selling about $ 1 . 1 billion worth of stock over the last three years . an enron spokesman declined to comment on the suit , which was filed by amalgamated bank , which is known to be an activist shareholder . how to advertise - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - for information on advertising in e - mail newsletters or other creative advertising opportunities with the new york times on the web , please contact alyson racer at alyson @ nytimes . com or visit our online media kit at http : / / www . nytimes . com / adinfo for general information about nytimes . com , write to help @ nytimes . com . copyright 2001 the new york times company 
2	Subject: new storage flag we are going to add a new drop down flag to storage in sitara to differentiate the difference between physical and synthetic storage - as each are treated differently for inventory accounting purposes . a change will also be made to global contracts and unify , and is intended to assist with oa variances on storage . on the next release ( mid august ) we will add a drop down on the storage deal type which will be a required field . someone will need to edit the existing deals to add the flag - as it will be a required field - physical facility or synthetic . ( we can create queries to work with you on identifying deals that need to be converted - as well as results for global conversion ) global contracts uses the flags from sitara to set up new contracts - so sitara will add the flag on the deal . the flag will be stored in global contracts - which will feed the flag to unify . once the existing deals are converted in sitara , global contracts can add the appropriate flag to their system . once this is complete and unify is ready , unify can begin to feed in the information from global contracts , and we will then be able to differentiate the two in the accounting system . in the interim time , you may want to identify your synthetic vs . physical storage deals . let me know if you have any questions . 
2	Subject: portfolio boost from this moneymaker first canadian american hoiding corporation ( fcdh ) a venture capita | company that invests in deveiopment stage companies with a strong potential for growth . current price : o . 33 is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? review exactly what this company does . break news ! ! first canadian american hoiding corporation announces that the fight network inc , has signed an agreement with thindata to deveiop and execute the fight network ' s online monthly e - marketing campaign . the e - marketing newsletters wiil be designed to provide fight network subscribers with insider " fight news ' direct to their desktop along with channel programming pians , and specia | offerings exclusive to fight network members . " we are very pleased with our selection of thindata as our online e - mar keting p @ rtner , " said mike garrow , president of the fight network . " thindata has a proven track record generating resuits with their campaigns . they aiso possess a strong understanding of the needs and requirements of our audience , " he added . " whether they | ove boxing or martia | arts , viewers of the fight network will benefit from receiving timely and relevant information about their favourite sport via email . " said chris carder ceo and co - founder of thindata . " we look forward to helping the fight network build a dynamic and loya | community with the same focus they are bringing to canadian teievision . " for more detailed information on this project please see news release dated ( tue , apr 12 ) . about first canadian american hoiding corporation first canadian american hoiding corporation is a holding company with subsidiaries in a range of businesses . the company ' s subsidiaries conduct operations in areas of digita | teievision , radio and buiiding and construction . the company is activeiy | ooking at severa | other opportunities in many different industries such as natura | resources , wireiess , technology and biotechnoiogy . the company wants to achieve consistent and long - term growth of the business , transforming first canadian into a leading giobal company . the company wants to be a reiiable suppiier of housing and storage faciiities to the internationa | market . first canadian sets itself the objectives to create new value , maintain business stability and provide shareholders with high return on their investments through asset value appreciation and cash dividends the company wil | use al | available means to achieve these objectives , this wiil include keeping costs under contro | , operating efficientiy , highest quality of product and services , and application of the latest technologies . conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is fcdh poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade thursday ! go fcdh . penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 003 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: evil office xp $ 1 oo . adobe photoshop $ 8 o ; xp pro $ 5 o . office 2 oo 3 $ 80 , norton 2004 $ 15 meant bit whenever to - morrow million relief until acquaintance super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares do & 320 more popular titles for youcheckk out 320 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    another luck offer evil  
2	Subject: low - priced prescripiton drvgs baptistery dumpy disruption stitch troglodyte snook are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! we have all pills you may well require ! you won ' t believe our prices ! stop receiving promotional material now turgid cavernous substrate einsteinian bone maximal  
2	Subject: news alert - wall street research - otc spni investor alert ! if a group of investors would have the opportunity to have invest in the nba , nfl , nbl , nhl , and mls when the leagues started . how rich would they be today ? today we will be introducing a new football alumni association that will bring ex high school , college , and professional athletes around the united states to relive their glory days . as savvy investor prepare to buy this stock , it has become clear that this could be one of the most explosive opportunities of the year . you still have the opportunity to buy this stock for pennies to the dollar - but for how long ? here at wall street research we do not get excited about many stocks . that ' s because its getting harder and harder to find stocks that have potential to make investors rich very quickly . blue chips can ' t and ipo ' s rarely pay off small investors . history shows that the only consistent way for small investors to see their money double , triple , or more on the short run is to be smart enough to find small caps with huge potential and buy before they take off - the kind of stocks that gets us excited . company in review pink sheets symbol : spni http : / / www . . com recent price $ 0 . 30 target price $ 3 . 00 aggressive investors should be watching sports alumni , inc ( spni ) , it is making big moves and growing fast ! when the nba , nfl , nbl , nhl , and mls , talk about lockouts , half seasons or no season , salary caps , and even the referees join the turmoil every year one of these leagues threatens the passion for sports ! . will they play again this season ? sports alumni , inc is about bringing the passion of the former game to all ex high school , college , and professional athletes . not about how big of a salary they will be making the next couple of years . sports alumni , inc sports alumni , inc maybe you started playing football when you where 8 years old and never quite lost the love of the game . perhaps you even played college ball . what ever level you played , its a good bet that your passion for the game did not end when the whistle blew and the last play ended . that is what american football alumni seeks to bring back to the multi - million - member target market of former and current players and coaches . recent surveys reveal that 70 percent of former football players would be interested in joining a national alumni association whose makeup is former high school and college players . seventy - nine percent are interested in reunions with former teammates and 55 percent said they ' d be interested in purchasing their old school football jerseys , especially if their names were included . the afa will bring old teams together through its subscriber network , while offering on line stores of customized merchandise , a first class magazine , conventions , football travel packages national and local polls . this is an un - tapped industry within a multi - billion dollar marketplace . companys recent news henderson , nev . , july 5 , 2005 ( primezone ) - - sports alumni inc . ( pink sheets : spni ) , dba american football alumni inc . , ( afa ) ( http : / / www . . com / ) is a nevada membership based for profit corporation . afa membership is composed of former high school varsity , collegiate and professional football players and coaches and all others who actively support the sport . the american football alumni ( afa ) is a member - based organization in service and support of former and current football players and football programs . afa is a formulation of a fraternal group of individuals , sharing a common bond , whose foundation is based upon an intangible passion for football and all that it means to have played and lived it . afa membership is not limited to or meant to be for only the most elite players or the most recognized , but for every player , coach , support staff , fan or family member that have dedicated their selves to the game of football . eligibility for afa enrollment and membership is open to all those individuals having participated in and / or lettered a minimum of one season at the high school varsity level or above . affiliate memberships will also be available with limited features to those who avidly support football . afa was formed with three goals integral to our corporate charter . recognition : to provide information and support services to former football players , coaches and supporters as it pertains to their lives and future . awareness : to provide a vehicle to assist afa members in supporting the football program at the schools they attended . involvement : provide a means to give former football players and coaches , as a whole , a continued presence and voice in the ongoing culture of american football . one of our most important services will be working as a unified voice and lobbying group . afa members will have an opportunity to vote for college as well as local high school football polls . this is long over due as the football alumni more than all other bodies will give the most realistic evaluation of teams . further to providing a voice , it has been long needed to have an organization like the afa to affect influence on subjects such as rule changes in college and high school football , as well as providing input on national issues such as schools and leagues dropping or changing there support of football and the student athletes . membership benefits will include the following : afa home page - - members will access the exclusive articles , interviews , team pages , event monitors , polls , and advertising business suppliers , plus the large main online store of sporting goods and team memorabilia . these services include member and team chat rooms , and fantasy football . afa team pages - - including all high schools , college teams at all levels , with fellow alumni , including players and coaches contacts , e - mails , and profiles of where they are now , and what they have done , team photos from years past and current photos . arranging reunions , golf outings , and invitations to other planned events of all sorts will be available and assisted through online premier membership . afa educational pages - - continuing or finishing education for high school and college assistance through distant learning institutions , local college links , and advanced degree availability through providers who advertise and are qualified by afa to provide such services to our members . afa team stores - - afa ' s online store will be unlike any other available . providing the team memorabilia of high school , colleges , and other sportswear , we will provide discounted access to online merchandise such as shoes , sports wear and sporting gear of all sorts . our stores will offer more than just football merchandise , but also golf , biking , hiking , and other life sporting goods . afaxchange ( r ) - - is an online member section that will allow the exchange of all types of information between players , coaches , scouts and other organizations . this will include personal and related business information such as player stats , coaches ' playbooks and tips , and scouting information . one feature will allow members to opt - in to cross - market their businesses with each other offering discounts and opportunities to other members through our member network marketing program . the potential of afa ' s resulting effect is enormous . many alumni reconnections have led to successful business relationships . afa business provider pages - - participating advertisers include hotels , rental cars , shipping , airlines , business goods , resort and vacation packages , online banking and investment providers , computer wear , sporting goods , and thanks to our demographic , every other form of advertised business which will provide unique packages to the afa members . afa alumnipoll ( r ) - - unlike the ap , upi or other non - player polls , alumnipoll ( r ) will be member driven by those who lived and know the sport . polls at the high school , regional , collegiate and conference levels will be more informed , more insightful , and valuable to grade the talent , the teams and the coaches . those in sports radio , print and television to be indicators of the true talent and achievement will quickly rely upon afa polls . afa events - - afa will sponsor social / networking type events and annual conventions for all gold and platinum members . the afa will provide every member the opportunity to attend these large events . members will have the opportunity to reunite and build relationships with other members and senior executives of corporations supporting the mission of the afa . afa events include : dignitary receptions , entrepreneur showcases , workshops , merchandise shows , career seminars and awards banquets . memberships - - there are two ( 2 ) main categories of memberships : alumni members and affiliate members , with a third , charter alumni members , available to select individuals for a limited time . within alumni and affiliate memberships there are three levels ; platinum , gold and registered member . with each progressive level and cost , members have additional capabilities and access to additional services . for more information and enrollment please visit our website at www . . com smart investors know its easier to take a $ . 30 stock to $ 3 . 00 than to take a $ 3 . 00 stock to $ 10 . 00 . but the word is getting out . chances like this are few and far between and the buzz on the street is that spni is a buy ! who knows when youll have another chance to turn such a huge profit again ? smart investors strike when the irons hot and with spni , its sizzling ! for more information on this company simply ( click here ) forward - looking statements contained in this newsletter are made under the safe harbor provision of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results of events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward looking statements . wall street research , quick business solutions , llc ( wsr - qbs ) . has received one hundred fifty thousand shares from a group of investors . ( wsr - qbs ) . for the production and distribution of this newsletter . ( wsr - qbs ) . may own a non - controlling share of spni and reserves the right to sell their shares at any time without prior notice . this profile is not an offer to buy or sell any securities mentioned herein . while the publisher believes all sources of information to be factual and reliable , in no way does it represent or guarantee the accuracy thereof , nor the statements made herein and have made no independent verification of the facts , assumptions and estimates contained in this newsletter . the user assumes all risk as to the accuracy and the use of this document . always consult a professional investment advisor before making any purchase . for further details concerning risks and uncertainties , please request additional information directly from the company featured above or the sec filings of the company including the companys most recent annual and quarterly reports . qbs 26861 trabuco rd . # 176 mission viejo , ca 92691 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: fw : revised draft of the assignment and license agreement attached hereto is the draft form of template for the assignment and license back of the eol and backoffice software between the estate and netco . please let me know if you have any comments or questions . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : roberto . zapata @ weil . com @ enron sent : friday , december 14 , 2001 8 : 38 am to : mary . korby @ weil . com ; stephen . kahn @ weil . com ; marita . makinen @ weil . com ; stuart . ogg @ weil . com ; nancy . raber @ weil . com ; john . quattrocchi @ weil . com ; roberto . zapata @ weil . com ; michael . farnell @ weil . com ; schuler , lance ( legal ) ; daniels , eddy ; koehler , anne c . ; hansen , leslie ; piper , greg ; detmering , tim cc : roger . ross @ weil . com subject : revised draft of the assignment and license agreement please find attached ( immediately below ) a blackline comparing versions 3 and 6 of the above - referenced document . please contact me at ( 212 ) 310 - 8690 if you have any difficulty accessing the document . best regards , bob zapata ( enron assignment and license agreement ) ( see attached file : nlbxred . doc ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by roberto zapata / ny / wgm / us on 12 / 14 / 2001 09 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - roger ross 12 / 14 / 2001 05 : 18 am to : mary korby / da / wgm / us @ wgm , stephen kahn / ny / wgm / us @ wgm , marita makinen / ny / wgm / us @ wgm , stuart ogg / da / wgm / us @ wgm , nancy raber / sv / wgm / us @ wgm , john quattrocchi / da / wgm / us @ wgm , roberto zapata / ny / wgm / us @ wgm , michael farnell / da / wgm / us @ wgm , lance . schuler - legal @ enron . com , eddy . daniels @ enron . com , " koehler , anne c . " > , leslie . hansen @ enron . com , greg . piper @ enron . com , tim . detmering @ enron . com cc : subject : revised draft of the assignment and license agreement ( document link : roberto zapata ) here is the revised draft reflecting comments from enron management team and enron legal team ( houston ) . for some reason , i am unable to run comparite remotely . if someone located in nyo could run a comparison between version 3 and version 6 and distribute to this same list it will aid people in the review . thanks . roger ( enron assignment and license agreement ) ( see attached file : nlbxo 6 ! . doc ) * * * * * * * * * * note * * * * * * * * * * the information contained in this email message is intended only for use of the individual or entity named above . if the reader of this message is not the intended recipient , or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any dissemination , distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited . if you have received this communication in error , please immediately notify us by telephone ( 650 - 802 - 3000 ) , and destroy the original message . thank you . - nlbxred . doc - nlbxo 6 ! . doc 
2	Subject: fwd : any meds u need . valii | um  xania | x , vlagr @ . % rnd _ med _ v + icodin ? . pntermin .  soma pskzm our online shop is your source for locating many prescription drugs without a prior prescription in compliance with fda regulations . your choices : ( viagr @ \ v @ lium ; xan @ x * so : m : a ` . pntermin . # a ' tiv @ n plus : fi : 0 ric 3 t , tram @ do . | , uit ` r @ m , l 3 v . | tra , p ' rop 3 cia , acyc | 0 ` vir , pro : z @ c , p @ xi ' l , busp @ . r , adip ` ex , ionam : | n , m 3 ri ` dia , x 3 ni ` ca | , ambi ` 3 n , so : nata , f : l 3 xeril , ce | 3 : brex we fully comply with international law re : controlled drugs . enjoy deep discount meds here .  
2	Subject: unlimited music - d 970 a hello experience enjoy the digital revolution . we at - future online entertainment - announces future of online entertainment . download anything you could possibly want in 3 simple , fast , and easy steps - start downloading now ! this service is 100 percent safe , secure and legal if you are a beginner , no need to worry - we ' ll show you how to do it from start to finish ! we ' ve made it so easy , you ' ll be downloading anything you could possibly want this service comes with : un limited · music mp 3 s · movies · games · software · tv shows · song lyrics · audio books more bonuses : · dvd copying software · mp 3 burning software · anti - virus software · game copying software · pop - up / spyware / adware killer software · even more benefits : · latest filesharing software · in - depth visual tutorials · internet history cleaner · privacy protection software · access to 90 , 000 , 000 songs · unlimited technical support · stay legal - don ' t get sued lifetime membership is only $ 34 . 95 ! check out to join now and start downloading in minutes ! regards june carver sales manager future online entertainment to discountinue - - http : / / bjmcadefghl . infolinetech . biz / go . php ? dhibceglxyamzfjk - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - diary snout wheatstone vesper char martyr skye caucasus squeal alton device clinch maximum rubble wacky ethanol protactinium hungarian stockbroker concede dyad proposition lutanist periclean paraphrase ceramic cream reflector antagonist chuckwalla dress disquisition honduras revelatory splash tweak barnacle physiotherapist strabismus gam inoffensive cesium seventieth presentational delano chalet playroom timothy dogtrot caputo figaro analyst abyss precursor globulin anew compositor consignee seat introduce indefinable presupposition rep insurmountable boucher theorem poincare subsuming median artifice bobby alexander amphioxis nab exhumation tricky conquistador heroes commingle quanta trifle slogging podge sap smell vishnu areawide poisson transient alfalfa montclair quantico stultify alumnae ballard extensor checksummed doldrum lotte embeddable sketchpad chemise klystron cloture macintosh ail earthen employ concur soldiery starlet circumspect sowbelly sci mathematic expertise meditate contaminant dade archival papaw clergymen nero stick desirous liggett expropriate caterpillar cummins carol bedfast sanatorium cotton eelgrass apostate bujumbura separable dukedom emboss handleable lockian lascar annals bookish zinc moe flush chugging flat pupal padlock oodles recumbent attest corpora microbial astronautic caviar dyke syndrome gorton cancer wendy backside bijective bog decrement hafnium conjoint oman allude thereon pappy alger greengrocer contempt boardinghouse boot anyplace automobile decipher exogamy muskmelon amphetamine arrowhead hoydenish moines cortege oboist constitute fuchs ho airdrop mayor alphanumeric mars patrol descartes needlepoint shunt priest vantage buzz hanford deafen clamber depreciable dispensable basophilic autonomy bundy franciscan adopt route chronology forwent vella radcliffe arm carpathia schnapps pink atlantic hardhat damp sunnyvale lodgepole byroad metal batten anglo ephemeral onerous absolution prohibitive lathrop primordial angeline appalachia rotunda betsy herald iraq brucellosis antipode silt abet advisor acm amethyst componentry belly effusive ares thruway annal degumming dyspeptic englewood goody blackstone ingredient saccade onrushing abutting chancel apparition roach consider shantung dash sturbridge islam lignite alumnus monty psychoanalysis variegate aliphatic world attainder reversion become  
2	Subject: boost your business dear bruceg @ em . ca : we may promote your business : 1 . supply the email list according to your order . 2 . send out target emails according to your order . 3 . supply mailing server and offshore hosting . hope to do business with you . nancy marketing dept kzll 23123 @ eyou . com no for bruceg @ em . ca : than @ hotmail . com 
2	Subject: cleco louise , fyi . i have dealt with the letter from cleco to skilling . no further action is required at this time . don 
2	Subject: fw : scott at wigas confirms the issue is enron per our conversation . laura - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tucker , patrick sent : tuesday , october 30 , 2001 8 : 26 am to : luce , laura subject : scott at wigas confirms the issue is enron leaving you this message on your vm as well as email - - not sure which will be more accessible . finally got through to scott . he confirms that it is enron - specific , and that the decision is coming from wisconsin energy ' s corporate risk management / credit function . he has been told to stop all trading activity within his purview ( financial derivatives ) ; he ' imagines ' that both physical and financial are involved , although he does not know for certain . the company is taking a wait - and - see attitude ; there is no set timetable for a resumption . i asked for the name of a contact in their corporate risk management group ( in order to ask for some more parameters regarding the situation ) and was given donna brophy at 414 - 221 - 2749 . scott asked me to give him time to call her for a heads - up that she might be hearing from enron , so i agreed not to call until at least 9 am central . is this a call i should make , or is that not appropriate ? please let me know . thanks . patrick t . 
2	Subject: here is a $ 250 electronics gift card - yours to keep pending participation the walrus and the carpenter pt . 1 the sun was shining on the sea , shining with all his might : he did his very best to make the billows smooth and bright . - and this was odd , because it was the middle of the night . nastemicape duzan qbmjpvsh puxung jjulefnplsjupt 1 hs gonoxevath xiuth saoqua shibitha wondetut sozijewogu harinduphad 
2	Subject: leavers to confirm : mark thomas mike presley both previously on the list for netco ' s market risk / research group have resigned . i ' m combing the estate for replacements . dp 
2	Subject: cheap pharmacy prices . . valium , viagra , cialis , vioxx , xanax , paracodin today ' s hot specials - cheap pharmacy prices ! ! ! valium diazepam 10 mg 30 dose bottle our price : $ 90 save $ 120 ! ! viagra sildenafil 100 mg 35 dose bottle our price : $ 84 save $ 161 ! ! cialis tadalafil 20 mg 20 dose bottle our price : $ $ 110 save $ 70 ! ! buy now buy now buy now vioxx rofecoxib 25 mg 50 dose bottle our price : $ 67 save $ 78 ! ! xanax alprazolam 2 mg 30 dose bottle our price : $ 63 save $ 102 ! ! paracodin paracodin 325 mg 30 dose bottle our price : $ 90 save 120 ! ! buy now buy now buy now please out  
2	Subject: sex is a play , and you must win ! your source for the very best viagra deals on the ' net . always up to date ! luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity . in order to be a realist you must believe in miracles . consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative . 
2	Subject: vitro project - sale of equity louise , i believe the following will clarify the question from our meeting yesterday , the $ 20 mm figure that i was showing to you represents the npv ( discounted @ 17 . 6 % ) of the future cashflows of the project for 100 % ownership from june / 01 through dec / 17 . this number does not include the moneys than enron will have put into the project by that time . the amount put by enron by that time will be $ 18 mm ( for 100 % ) if we do de transaction , we will get the following cashflows : the premium $ 14 . 1 mm reimbursement of 80 % of the $ 18 mm already put by enron $ 14 . 4 mm keep 20 % of future npvs $ 4 . 0 mm the potential investor will contribute in the future the equity contributions for 50 % of the ownership the potential investor will give us in june / 01 the amount of future equity contributions for the 30 % of the ownership the above shows the cashflows that we will be received under the 2 alternatives but this does not reflect the transaction from an earnings perspective . from the earnings perspective , the following is a simplified estimation of earnings for the next 7 years under the two situations : please , let me know if you need further clarification thanks , mar ? a elena p . s . regarding the $ 23 mm npv number that you see in max ' s presentation , that is the project npv when all cashflows discounted @ 13 . 2 % . the irr for the project is 17 . 6 % 
2	Subject: take your marketing to the next level publish like a professional with digital publishing tools easily create professional : ebooks ebrochures ecatalogs resumes newsletters presentations magazines photo albums invitations much , much more save money ! - save trees save on printing , postage and advertising costs digital publishing tools download new free version now ! * limited time offer choose from these display styles : 3 d page turn slide show sweep / wipe embed hyperlinks and link to anywhere online , such as your website , order page or contact form . distribute via floppy , cd - rom , e - mail or online . take your marketing to the next level ! for more info , samples or a free download , click the appropriate link to the right ! server demand is extremely high for this limited time free software offer . please try these links periodically if a site seems slow or unreachable . website 1 website 2 website 3 if you wish to be removed from our mailing list , please cick the unsubscribe button copyright © 2002 - affiliate id # 1269 * free version is fully functional with no expiration and has a 4 page ( 2 page spread ) limit .  
2	Subject: mike miller i talked to him - he wants mexico chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: bullets 9 / 15 pnm - the ferc accepted tw ' s new tariff filing for purchasing capacity on pnm ' s blanco to rio puerco line ! ! ! the acceptance is conditioned by tw being limited to acquire this off - system capacity to the apr - oct period and we must file a report with the commission at the end of the 2 year period detailing what impact , if any , this proposal has had on the market . el paso blanco mis - measurement - el paso pipeline called this week and agreed with tw that they had been erroneously calibrating their blanco meter for the last several years and did in fact owe tw gas volume . they would like to offset the balance owed tw against volume nng owes el paso . market services is verifying the net volume figures . the settlement volume proposed by el paso is 91 % of everything we requested . we will attempt to take the approximately 651 , 000 mmbtu back at window rock over a 30 day period beginning in october . arizona public service - we have re - negotiated their ft agreement prior to the rofr being triggered at the end of september . aps will renew its 8 , 000 mmbtu / d permian to needles agreement at the max rate for one year as well as the provision if they release the capacity at greater than max rate , tw and aps will share the upside 50 / 50 . red cedar gathering - we received the signed letter agreement from red cedar which commits them to full reimbursement of the capital expense necessary to increase the arkansas loop meter from 200 , 000 mmbtu to 300 , 000 mmbtu / d . we expect this meter increase to be completed and flowing in excess of the current 200 , 000 mmbtu / d by january 1 , 2001 . system expansions - we have updated our cost estimates and raroc for expansions of the i - b link , blanco to thoreau and mainline segments of the pipe . we will follow up with pnm today on cost comparisons . the tw expansion appears to be more cost effective than pnm ' s . the bp amoco / vastar merger is set for completion today . amoco will begin marketing vastar ' s equity gas beginning 11 / 1 / 00 . amoco has expressed a high level of interest on the remaining capacity from ignacio to blanco and from red cedar to blanco for 2001 . they will provide a firm offer to tw next week . line outages : the september 13 th allocation due to compressor failure in tw ' s west of thoreau area allowed for 42 , 0000 mmbtu of it volumes to flow from pg & e topock to socal needles . revenue generated at max rate equaled $ 10 , 500 to partially offset the commodity and fuel loss . eog resources - eog executed the interconnect and operating agreement for the 15 , 000 mmbtu / d we expect from their new well . transwestern has initiated landowner notifications which takes at least 30 days . we continue to negotiate with eog on becoming a new shipper and taking firm transport on tw . burlington resources val verde plant - tw ' s ability to accept the contracted volume from the plant on a consistent basis continues to be an issue . high temperatures and volume flow in the san juan region have reduced our capacity . br is requesting relief to offset the monetary impact of gas that was shut in or sold at lesser margins in other locations . we are working with facility planning to determine what capital / equipment may be necessary to meet our contractual demand . 
2	Subject: re : telephone interview with enron corp . research dept . dear shirley : confirming that i will be waiting for the telephone interview at 1 pm tomorrow . ? i would like to give you my cell phone number , 713 / 907 - 6717 , as a back - up measure . ? please note that my first preference is to receive the call at my home number , 713 / 669 - 0923 . sincerely , rabi de ? ? shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote : dear rabi : i have scheduled the telephone interview for 1 : 00 pm on friday , july 7 th . we will call you at 713 / 669 - 0923 . if there are any changes , please let me know . sincerely , shirley crenshaw 713 - 853 - 5290 rabi deon 06 / 26 / 2000 10 : 37 : 24 pm to : shirley crenshaw cc : subject : re : telephone interview with enron corp . research dept . dear ms . crenshaw : thanks for your prompt response . ? july 6 or 7 th will work best for me . . ? i would prefer to be called at my home number . ? please let me know the schedule and other details , if any . sincerely , rabi de ? shirley crenshawwrote : good afternoon mr . de : your resume has been forwarded to the enron corp . re ! search dept . and they would like to conduct a telephone interview with you at your convenience . the interviewers would be : vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president grant masson vice president p . v . krishnarao director paulo issler manager please give me some dates and times this week or july 5 , 6 , and 7 th when you might be available and i will coordinate with the other calendars . i look forward to hearing from you . sincerely , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp . research 713 / 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com do you yahoo ! ? get yahoo ! mail - free email you can access from anywhere ! do you yahoo ! ? send instant messages & get email alerts with yahoo ! messenger . 
2	Subject: can you last for 4 hours and drive her crazy ? controlled ejaculation more info here embarcadero rf cotta jh haunt wf window jz shasta quh starlight pz budd ao borneo mkq constitute po ampersand dex chant pu argot mif charm bxx anvil de formulate el blaine iy shoofly jw beatitude gok uppercut dzi davy lpt drama uxd anxiety pz no  
2	Subject: new pgs training software now you can receive high quality training in energy derivatives and electric power trading , even if you don ' t have the time or budget to travel . for $ 295 , a seminars - on - demand software license will provide you , or your organization , with over 3 hours of proven training in a number of critical subjects . for a list of available programs and a description of lesson content , please visit : seminars - on - demand is not a boring self - study course . to view the software interface , please go to : annual and enterprise - wide corporate licenses are also available to save your organization money and to increase flexibility . please forward this to anyone who might benefit from a better understanding of energy derivatives and electric power trading . john adamiak pgs energy training 412 - 279 - 9298 
2	Subject: pravas sud billy , i would like you to ask for a favor for one of the rice students , pravas sud . he is interested in a summer internship . his phone number is ( 713 ) 283 5825 , ( 832 ) 647 8738 ( c ) . vince p . s . a phone message explaining the special circumstances follows . it ' s very important for enron . 
2	Subject: re : thoughts post turbine meeting louise : given my dealings with mhi in the past , i think this would be difficult to get at a reasonable level . that being said , at some level they would agree , but i don ' t have a good idea of the level . however , at this point , i don ' t think we should go in this direction . i think we should continue to play out the options that we are pursuing and see if they are successful . give us a few weeks and then re - assess . brett from : louise kitchen / enron @ enronxgate on 08 / 06 / 2001 01 : 40 pm cdt to : christopher f calger / enron @ enronxgate , brett r wiggs / sa / enron @ enron , ben jacoby / enron @ enronxgate cc : subject : thoughts post turbine meeting is there any possibility of negotiating a way out of the mitsubishi contracts by paying them a fee . i know we have no cancellation charge but can we just say we will pay them $ 10 mm to cancel the contracts ? if we could do we want to do this ? how much money would we lose ( how much of a write down would we take ) if i told you i wanted to get rid of the turbines by the end of september ? as an aside , the mitsubishis will be leaving the enron americas balance sheet now and moving to egas . this does not and should not however change anything in terms of how we are moving forward . for the company overall , we need to move these turbines ( as with all the others ) as soon as possible and we ( in the americas ) are in a much better position than egas is to move them . i have spoken to jim on this issue who is obviously in agreement with the way forward . louise 
2	Subject: greeting from charles dear molly : happy new year ! haven  , t talked to you for a while , hope you and your family had a great holiday . i can  , t believe we are already in 2001 ! i remember we had talk last december , and you were basically waiting for the response from vince , have you heard anything back from vince yet ? since we are already in january , i really hope we can move forward . if you have any questions , please feel free to call me at 918 - 409 - 4308 . thank you . sincerely , charles do you yahoo ! ? yahoo ! photos - share your holiday photos online ! http : / / photos . yahoo . com / 
2	Subject: returned mail : host unknown ( name server : - - - - - - . net : host not found ) the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 05 : 56 : 17 - 0500 from yahoobb 218135092134 . bbtec . net [ 218 . 135 . 92 . 134 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - 550 . . . host unknown ( name server : - - - - - - . net : host not found ) 
2	Subject: re : running credit model tanya , although i ' m quite comfortable with providing support for running the model , and assisting in providing the tools to enable easier analysis of the results , i ' m not entirely comfortable with supporting a java debug environment within your team ( including ad - hoc training ) , when we have facilities within the it development team to do it here . i ' d like to meet with you to discuss this , as this seems to be an ongoing issue , and would like to understand the ground rules by which your team operates in conjunction with it in general . regards steve tanya tamarchenko 23 / 06 / 2000 15 : 48 to : stephen stock / hou / ect @ ect cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : running credit model steve , in order to be able to test the new credit model as well as to answer credit group ' s questions regarding the outputs from this model research needs to be able to do the following : 1 . run credit model independently of the other runs . it is quite ok for now to be able to run it just for small artificial portfolios . 2 . debug the code to see what actual values are used during the run time . please , let me know if your team can help us . tanya . 
2	Subject: re : looks good . obviously very close to what i originally suggested ! i spoke with michelle who seems ok with it . there was a suggestion from lance that he wanted to make sure muller and top gun were ok before we proceed . you may have heard independently from muller on this point . so , do you want me to get julie clyatt tee ' d up , to prepare with names and numbers ? david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : wed 12 / 26 / 2001 3 : 20 pm to : oxley , david cc : cash , michelle ; kitchen , louise subject : can you work you legalies into this form . > 
2	Subject: your reliable source for prescription drugs without prescription helping you stay on top genuine poetry can communicate before it is understood . the rich are the scum of the earth in every country . short is the joy that guilty pleasure brings . 
2	Subject: hilcorp old ocean volume according to gary hanks , we would like to have the gas on the valley line anyway - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary jo johnson / hou / ect on 11 / 20 / 2000 03 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to : jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect cc : edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : producer service group ? i can not believe you are sending emails form hawaii ! ! ! ! you are crazy . i took care of camden for the month - it is now 330 and hilcorp has not responded . i spoke with jerry bubert several times today - emailed mike lannou and left messages , and had him paged , and copied hildebrand ( the president ) . if we don ' t hear by 4 pm , we are supposed to bypass the gas . . . . . . . . . . . 
2	Subject: hpl noms for june 15 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 615 . xls ) - hplo 615 . xls 
2	Subject: message subject - - - - 45231975176744307580 hi varou , % rnd _ intro % rnd _ ad _ 1 % rnd _ buy _ tag . visit us today . best regards , roosevelt gunn  
2	Subject: nom form ( see attached file : nomform . wk 4 ) ( see attached file : nomform . wk 4 ) - nomform . wk 4 
2	Subject: tock market opportunities rocket stocks newsletter u r g e n t i n v e s t o r a l e r t vnbl stock expected to explode ! ! ! vinoble is the next hot play in homeland security symbol : vnbl . ob current price : $ o . o 8 short term target price : $ 0 . 5 o 12 month target price : $ 4 . oo deserves your immediate attention ! ! ! the company just bottomed at $ 0 . o 6 and we believe in the next 1 to 2 weeks this stock will go back to at least $ o . 4 o c o m p a n y o v e r v i e w vinoble , inc . ( vnbl . ob ) is a holding company , which is identifying and acquiring operational business opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services to provide long term growth for its shareholders . vinoble believes that the opportunity to build a successful business in the security sector is unprecedented . the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2 ool have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , healthcare and government sectors . while the focus for vinoble is on north america , the opportunity for security services is worldwide . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2 oo 5 . vinoble intends to capitalize on the dramatic growth in the security market by delivering professional services , security products , security training , and managed security services . in pursuit of this objective , vinoble has assembled a highly qualified team of security professionals offering a full range of security services . through vinoble ' s consulting services and integrated delivery solutions , vinoble will help organizations protect key assets including persons , property , information , brand , and reputation . homeland security , the national strategy for a secure cyberspace , the healthcare insurance portability and accountability act ( hipaa ) , sarbanes - oxley and other regulatory programs will all cause a continued increase in security demands in the united states and abroad . vinoble intends to position itself as the ' most desired ' provider of , both , physical and information security solutions - in the eyes of our clients , alliance partners , and peers . we will accomplish this by ensuring our teams are the most knowledgeable , agile , professional , and cost - conscious provider of ' tailored ' security solutions to meet the unique needs of each client . management has partnered with garcyco capital corp . ( " gccc " ) to assist in finding acquisition candidates for the company , structuring such acquisitions , and effecting a transition to corporate growth . at present , vinoble and gccc have targeted several companies as potential acquisition candidates . pending the outcome of due diligence and audits , the company believes the acquisition of these assets will provide the basis required for listing on a national exchange . here is recent news on the company : malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - may 2 o , 2 oo 5 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify long - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services , is pleased to announce that as it continues in its efforts to reach definitive agreements on the acquisition of assets , businesses , and strategic partners in the rfid and gps tracking sector , vinoble has further engaged with several additional businesses and individuals for the purpose of acquiring technology , software , and patents . following the move to acquire rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology , hardware and patents for the sole purpose of specific use applications , the company has concluded that the need for application support software or middleware is part of the fundamental component of the framework which operates such technology . the company has identified several sources for both licensing and the acquisition of such software , and has begun to pursue discussions to access this important element . middleware is used primarily to link disparate applications , both internally and externally , to the enterprise . this typically involves routing data using different transport protocols , translating data into different formats and providing a suitable means of integration such as web services and service - oriented architectures . since rfid is an integral part in the tracking of both mobile and non - mobile assets , user - friendly and efficient management software enabling customers to manage rfid data both incoming and out - bound is important in maintaining customer loyalty and reduces costs associated with customer service . management software will allow for real time visibility of assets or product inventory , whether in transit , in a warehouse , at the manufacturing plant , or on a store shelf . visibility and accuracy will enable customers to reduce handling costs , gain instant access to shipment information and increase inventory flow throughout the supply chain . the ability to manage data collection from a number of different rfid and gps devices is essential for proper efficiency of the system . the company believes that such acquisition of middleware technology will be essential and will further position vinoble in the vastly growing rfid and gps tracking industry . the company ' s goal is to provide critical security services at a cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of their personnel and assets in this current state of constant threat . safe harbor statement : this press release contains forward - looking statements as defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 ( the " act " ) . in particular , when used in the preceding discussion , the words " plan , " " confident that , " " believe , " " scheduled , " " expect , " or " intend to , " and similar conditional expressions are intended to identify forward - looking statements within the meaning of the act and are subject to the safe harbor created by the act . such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties , and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in any forward - looking statement . such risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of vinoble to complete the proposed acquisition ( s ) , the results of vinoble ' s due diligence review of the candidate ( s ) , the success of the business of the acquisition candidate ( s ) , including the ability of vinoble to continue to sell the applicable products and the acceptance of those newly designed products by the market , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks described in the company ' s sec reports and filings . the closing of the transaction will be subject to complete due diligence , inspections , and completion of audited financial statements in accordance to gaap as required by the sec prior to consummation . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 0 . 5 o we believe the speculative long term target price - $ 4 . oo we feel this is our best pick since december of 2004 ! ! please watch this one trade monday ! disclaimer : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands  or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , please mail to news _ let 3 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: your med response wed , 29 dec 2004 00 : 33 : 11 - 0600 don ' t overpay for medication anymore . . . - vicodin , xanax , valium , and cialis and more - no doctor visits or hassles - quick discreet delivery to your front door visit us here to see how you can save on prescription medications right now . . . regards , dr . sharron fountain box 40937 - bedford , nova scotia - canada , b 4 a 3 z 2 med no . 76950 - 35 remove options : http : / / unilione . com / unsub chen mayo rancid i . e deere wearied 
2	Subject: candidate contact information dear team members : please disregard the list from my previous e - mail . the telephone numbers / majors were not sorted with the candidate names . the following list contains the correct contact information for our candidates . i apoligize for the inconvenience . thank you , lexi 3 - 4585 
2	Subject: explore my favorite super viagrla ! 8 - ] a unviolated nitrite colpohyperplasia . buenos noches ! all people are a single nation . cialii 8 s at cheap prices . most portals charge $ 20 , we charge $ 4 . 95 . quite a differennce . cialilos is knnown as a super viaigrga or weekend viagugra because its etfecfs start senoor and last much lenogr . shipped worldwide . here you will find it : http : / / www . wowrx . biz / cia / ? dcent - - - - - if you do not wish to be azulmic  ] know then this truth , enough for man to know virtue alone is happiness below . http : / / www . wowrx . biz / off . htmlpictures deface walls more often than they decorate them . 
2	Subject: special report reveals this pennysto - ck structure & technology report may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate reiease investors and traders : pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc . aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structura | technology company focused on the deveiopment & commercialization of foamed aiuminum products and components for the world market . in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technoiogy and little competition . symbo | : pgpu . pk current price : o . 75 short term target price : $ 2 . 25 12 month target price : $ 5 . 25 pinnaclegli . com aerofoam metals inc investment considerations : - limited competition - commitment to r & d - cutting edge structural technoiogy aerofoammetals . com press release - - may loth , 2005 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam the company fo | | owing extended re - negotiations with the major sharehoider and management of aerofoam metals incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principie . the parties have entered into a binding | etter of intent , whereby , pinnacle will acquire ail of the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacle . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of aerofoam upon this acquisition wi | | be 3 , 500 , 0 oo common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who beneficially owns 56 % of al | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding sharehoiders agreement immediately and to hold a specia | sharehoider meeting to ratify the acquisition within 60 days of signing this letter of intent . pinnacle group ltd profile : pinnacie group is a u . s . based hoiding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skilled entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of achieving their goais as part of a larger organization . the company provides capita | and management assistance to ventures that have the potential to mature into publiciy traded companies . the company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals . the company has great short term specuiative potentia | as well as the potential for | ong term growth . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25 we beiieve the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25 this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick ! please foilow this one trade tuesday ! nothing in this e - mai | shouid be considered personaiized investment advice . aithough our employees may answer your general customer service questions , they are not | icensed under securities | aws to address your particular investment situation . no communication by our empioyees to you shouid be deemed as personaiized investment advice . we expressiy forbid our writers from having a financia | interest in any security recommended to our readers . a | | of our empioyees and agents must wait 24 hours after on - | ine pubiication or 72 hours after the maiiing of printed - oniy publication prior to fo | | owing an initia | recommendation . any investments recommended in this letter should be made oniy after consuiting with your investment advisor and only after reviewing the prospectus or financia | statements of the company . to cancel by mai | or for any other subscription issues , repiy please to : no _ morenewsletters 2 @ yahoo . com ( c ) 2005 investment newsletter all rights reserved 
2	Subject: senior specialist and below ratings are approved if you have any questions or would like confirmation on performance ratings for employees at the senior specialist or below level , please see me . all reviews need to be completed and turned in to me no later than august 17 th . yesterday , you should have received an e - mail with the performance review template for each of your employees . analyst ratings have not been finalized as of yet - there is a final meeting in houston on 7 / 18 . i will let you know once these ratings have been approved . thanks ! amy 
2	Subject: lb : unique logo design ! your business lacks visual identity ? marketing efforts falling short ? invisible among a sea of competitors ? you ' re on the right track for a solution - keep reading . . . our professional designers specialize in the creation of custom logos and business / corporate identities . our design needs to be seen only once to gain customer attention and recognition . with one of our unique , eye - catching mages you ' ll never have to introduce yourself twice ! we promise fast turnaround and 100 % customer satisfaction . choose from as any design ideas as necessary , select as many colors as you wish , order any modifications you like , and request any format . our prices are affordable for any size of business , and get this : there are no hidden fees . follow the link below to browse our portfolio and check out our sweet deals . wipe the " in " from " invisible " in just a few days - with us ! http : / / a 8 n 9 . biz . ox - files . info sincerely , douglas reeves - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: your amazon . com order ( # 104 - 9670681 - 0325567 ) hello from amazon . com . we ' re writing to confirm that we have processed your refund for $ 18 . 00 for the above - referenced order . this amount should appear as a credit on your next credit card statement . for more information about this refund , please visit your account ( http : / / www . amazon . com / your - account ) to view the above - referenced order . completed returns and refunds will appear at the bottom of the order summary page . we hope that this is a satisfactory resolution for you . if you have any questions , please contact us via e - mail , fax , or phone : e - mail : orders @ amazon . com fax : 1 - 206 - 266 - 2950 phone : 1 - 800 - 201 - 7575 for us customers 1 - 206 - 266 - 2992 for international customers thank you for shopping at amazon . com . amazon . com earth ' s biggest selection info @ amazon . com http : / / www . amazon . com /  
2	Subject: dear friend , i general abdul rahim mohammed hussin the interior minister of sudan / ruling government but now resign , and a special representative to war stricken darfur . my resignation came as a five - storey house , whose construction was supervised by police engineers under my ministry / interior department collapses . as you may know sudan is prone with economic , political and tribal crises for over 21 years which is trying to come to an end with the effort of world / african leaders , my point of contacting you is to stretch my hands of business with you by investing in your country if giving the opportunity . furthermore i have been with sudan government for all the year of civil war against darfur region and have resigned to join business / another thing which can help my life and bring more progress in my country . meanwhile my reason of investing outside is because of the on going crises in sudan , i will like to invest outside my country at this time which will be monitored by your experts before bringing it down to sudan . i hereby asking you to help and direct me on the type of business to open in your country with my money and ask you to act fast on this proposal if you are interested . hope to hear from you soon , abdul rahim . 
2	Subject: re : wednesday ronnie , regarding the parking situation downtown the closest parking garage with visitor parking is the one at allens center . your agenda , to define - what the scope of the project is - what do you expect of the project - - in other words what are you trying to find out from the study , this will help define the scope - discuss a timeline - tools that we can use at enron - are there any projects at enron ( past or present ) that we can draw on or build on sounds good . do you all have the original scope vince wrote up ? although it is broad , its a good beginning for your scope . once you flesh - out the scope , we ' ll see if any existing reports can be found that may be helpful . regarding industry research check out red herring and other online resources . see you later ken 
2	Subject: hpl nom for sept . 22 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 922 . xls ) - hplo 922 . xls 
2	Subject: vãlium and x . anax supersavings sa ; ve 6 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big hugging nudge cottonwood apologia pep relinquish rivulet median stump tudor abramson sideway rescue delicacy solitude abstruse tax afire impart sagittarius quail earphone library angelica tech belligerent conduce residual bronchial danzig earn markham mosque coiffure centrist couturier october maxima descend crossbow parimutuel tv hoar ben balletomane antigorite stink rebellious smudgy civic awl lordosis eyelash antisemitism antler butch respondent tennessee ere arctan baron nato borax freon descend geriatric politburo tollgate epic anabaptist bottom contravariant doug corroboree crowfoot intuitable nuthatch modern bishop capacitive sympathetic expulsion schizoid bois cow termite below harvard contusion leaven hemosiderin shako beryl friday hubby circular bergamot bantam inestimable belt needy cockpit celestial misogyny windshield cz bankruptcy guess chromium curricula segment guelph coquina tickle hansen baldpate ancestor beggary cilia drub hatred flirtatious bloodroot tirade muddlehead towboat passerby mcpherson theretofore suppression dorchester airlift foliage compassionate acorn compression elephant curry briny hausdorff patina definite synergy cousin dehumidify chesapeake removemeplease  
2	Subject: our last pick wa $ up 200 % , now it $ your turn ( cu ) $ . $ . $ . $ . $ stocks to remember report $ . $ . $ . $ . $ stock symbol : bmcp rating : solid buy current price : $ . 50 6 month target price : $ 3 . 50 for more information visit . www . brandedmedia . com bmcp * * * huge breaking news flash * * * michael s . scofield , chairman of evergreen funds , joins branded media corporation ’ s board of directors . dear fellow investors : investors are being extremely cautious when it comes to investing nowadays . however , truly undervalued companies still exist . potential for gains are still very much available . has your portfolio generated consistent returns ? positioning oneself prior to discovery by wall street is the best way to ensure gains and profits . if you can ’ t invest at this time , do not throw away this valuable newsletter . these are truly stocks to remember . as we write this report the stock is climbing and continues to surge towards higher highs . this is evident of a stock that is going to break out into new territory . waiting to buy could cause you to get in late and fail to realize the tremendous gains in your portfolio . that is why timing is so important and that is why … … … . our current recommendation is : bmcp - bmcp - bmcp - bmcp - bmcp - bmcp about the company branded media corporation ( bmcp ) is a multimedia branding company that builds brands and markets consumer products through a proprietary strategy , branded media . as developed by the company , branded media is designed to increase sales of consumer products by exposing brands and their messages through commercial and public television programming , dvd , video - on - demand , direct response , home shopping television networks , print , online and emerging media . reasons to buy this stock : 1 ) bmcp management includes the former senior vp of martha stewart omnimedia , emmy award - winning producers , as well as vhl and nbc production executives . 2 ) bmcp is developing a brand of personal security products geared toward crisis management and notification during and immediately after a catastrophic event , e . g . terrorist attack . this model represents a strong opportunity within the booming homeland security industry . 3 ) bmcp has attracted the attention of its newest director , michael s . scofield who oversees $ 110 billion in assets and investments . 4 ) bmcp has acquired one of the largest film , music , and television libraries in the world which features such greats as johnny cash , bette davis , duke ellington , and frank sinatra . final word bmcp has garnered a lot of interest lately in its stock . once the word gets out on this stock it will not be trading at these levels much longer . the time to act is now , do not miss this opportunity . wall street equity report is not a registered financial advisory . the information presented by wall street equity report is not an offer to buy or sell securities . wall street equity report accumulates then distributes opinions , comments and information from based on other public sources . penny stocks are considered to be highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . wall street equity report may hold positions in companies mentioned and may buy or sell at any time . this profile of bmcp was a paid advertisement by a third party to wall street equity report . this third party has compensated wall street equity report twenty five thousand dollars to write this report . paid advertisements by an affiliated public relations group or third party , do not necessarily reflect the views of wall street equity report . target prices may fluctuate , please always consult a registered financial advisor before making any decisions . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . to have your name removed from our database please call our toll free service at : ( 800 ) - 331 - 4510 
2	Subject: iso new england and pjm propose standard market design message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com : iso new england and pjm interconnection propose a standard market design for wholesale electricity markets march 29 , 2001 - holyoke , ma - two of the country ' s leading wholesale electricity market administrators , iso new england inc . and pjm interconnection , l . l . c . , together with alstom esca corporation , a systems developer for electric utilities , today announce their intent to formalize an agreement that will not only standardize their electricity markets , but will lead , they believe , to the standardization of wholesale electricity markets across the country . today , iso new england delivered a letter to the chairman and commissioners of the federal energy regulatory commission ( ferc ) , enclosing a report concerning its proposed comprehensive wholesale market program that combines salient features of the pjm market model with elements of its own existing wholesale market design . the combination would create a standardized wholesale market structure called the standard market design for wholesale electricity markets ( " standard market design " ) . iso new england , alstom esca and pjm , acting through its wholly - owned subsidiary , pjm technologies inc . , have agreed to proceed with the negotiation of an agreement where iso new england will purchase the existing pjm market design and certain software components from alstom esca and pjm . the two isos and alstom esca will work together to create a standardized market design that includes solutions to reserve markets and a common solution to unit dispatch . " this new market standard should put into place the necessary market improvements more quickly and at a reduced cost than if we were to implement a customized market system for new england , " said william w . berry , chairman and acting ceo of iso new england . " now is the time to stop the experimentation . ultimately , we hope the standard market design will serve as the benchmark for wholesale electricity marketplaces across the country , if not around the world . " " pjm is very excited to further standardize a design for a competitive wholesale electricity market , " said phillip g . harris , chairman and ceo of pjm . " along with the progress in the implementation of the pjm west concept , this initiative will provide an even broader standardized market design . " this approach should further expedite the elimination of trading barriers across different markets and promote ferc ' s goal of creating a seamless marketplace . " we intend to continue to work with the new york iso on issues of mutual importance , " stated mr . berry . " this new market design , together with our efforts to address the market " seams " and other coordination issues , will eventually bring the three northeast iso markets closer together . " iso new england and the new york iso will continue to work together on these issues under a joint board resolution passed on january 16 , 2001 . " because of our geographic location , new york is in the center of the northeast markets , with iso new england , pjm and imo each on one of our borders . we support the continued elimination of barriers across northeast trading markets to develop a more seamless marketplace where everyone will benefit , " said william j . museler , president and ceo of the new york independent system operator . " the new york iso will continue to work with our neighboring markets to remove barriers to trading across the region and to move towards larger regional markets . " this proposed market design standard will be developed jointly with stakeholder input . iso new england will propose the standard market design to the new england conference of public utility commissioners and the new england power pool in a series of meetings next week . additional meetings will be conducted in the next few weeks . the standard market design for new england will be subject to ferc approval . " standardization requires consistent and reliable technology to facilitate a market ' s efficiency . a market that moderates price fluctuations and encourages investment based on an expected return is an efficient market - - and efficiency is the key to establishing market liquidity , " said alain steven , ceo of alstom esca . " in the future , this agreement will be viewed as a catalyst in establishing more robust electricity markets . " iso new england inc . is the not - for - profit corporation responsible for the day - to - day reliable operation of new england ' s bulk generation and transmission systems with an installed capacity of almost 26 , 000 megawatts . in addition to operating the bulk power grid , iso new england is the administrator of the region ' s wholesale electricity marketplace and the open access transmission tariff on behalf of the new england power pool . iso new england is based in holyoke , massachusetts . the pjm interconnection , l . l . c . , is an independent system operator , administering the pjm open access transmission tariff and operating the pjm energy markets and capacity markets . pjm currently administers the largest wholesale electricity market in the world and has a membership of more than 200 . it is headquartered in norristown , pennsylvania . pjm technologies , inc . is a wholly - owned subsidiary of pjm interconnection , l . l . c . , designed to respond to market opportunities by bringing cost - effective , reliable solutions to the energy marketplace . it was created to commercialize pjm ' s knowledge capital , experience , and proven success in electric energy markets , system operations , and applications development . # # # for more information about the new york iso , please call : steve sullivan , director of communications , 518 - 356 - 7605 . please do not reply to this message . if you have a question for pjm customer relations and training , please complete and submit this form : to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail : unsubscribe pjm - customer - info 
2	Subject: stock investor insights and information emerging enterprise solutions , inc . ( otc : eesi ) current price : . 018 some select pure pennies have been absolutely blowing through the roof lately - presenting a very short term trading opening for savvy investors - who time them right ! did your portfolio turn a 750 % prof it this month ? it did if you had the following stock : psdi : went from . 02 november lst to . 17 november 15 th . that ' s right . up 750 % in two weeks . think some overowned , overblown windbag like ibm is going to move like that anytime soon ? as many of you may agree , some , not all , of these stocks move in price because they are promoted , making a very large number of investors aware of the company and stock . the publicity is underway on eesi ! reasons to consider eesi : a mini conglomerate ? eesi at a glance ico , llc ( arco building ) - amcsi acquisition of the 138 , 000 square foot former arco building in independence , ks complete . it is now positioned to be moved into eesi . with current revenue at 600 , 000 . 00 , we anticipate revenues to reach 1 , 200 , 000 . 00 within two years . telemedia - robert o ' connell is callcenter manager for telemedia . currently , this company enjoys three high profile contracts valued at 3 , 000 , 000 . 00 annually . proven potential to grow to more than 5 , 000 , 000 . 00 per year . average profit margin of approximately 36 % . the company intends to build to 240 telephone service representatives within the next year . elite ceuticals - reina sonda heads up elite ceuticals . she developed 18 new products with at least three that are infomercial ready . negotiations for informercials and media buying are underway . ms . sonda has begun the evolution to build and market those informercials . sales are expected to top 2 , 000 , 000 by end of 2005 . informercial sales are separate and we expect upward trending as early as february 2005 toward 19 , 000 , 000 . 00 . windango , inc . - rodney gay is ceo . acquisition complete . currently , this company brings around 200 , 000 to the table and will grow to bring 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 annually . located in phoenix , az , this company is starting out life as a web hosting and web development company while the new search engine software is being tested . several of the customer directed modules will make this a unique offering both on and off the web . ( source : press release friday 10 . 22 . 04 ) recent pr headlines ; go read the full stories . telemedia moves into the future . elite ceuticals preparing for product release and first infomercial . eesi progress on restructuring . eesi subsidiary windango , inc . on the move . eesi subsidiary offers three new products to promote eternal youth . eesi finalizes negotiation for acquisition of american eagle realtors . eesi first steps of the major restructuring . be on watch for more breaking news that could be catalysts to help the stock moving forward ! ! will eesi explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too late . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and successful trading . information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . emerging enterprise solutions is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information available about the company . other factors include : a limited operating history , an accumulated deficit , a negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , judgements against the company and no revenue in its most recent quarter . the publicly available float of the company ' s stock is currently increasing and is dilutive to you . there is a large contingent liabilty for taxes due from a predecessor company . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be completed prior to investing . the publisher of this newsletter has no relationship with psdi . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .  
2	Subject: re : offers thousands of academic software titles discounted up to 80 % off retail prices opt - in email offer for october 2004 unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro edition 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 systemworks pro 2004 edition 5 flash mx 20046 corel painter 87 adobe acrobat 6 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 . 0 wavefrontl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe creative suite premium adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 1149 . 00 price : $ 99 . 99 you save : $ 849 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : an integrated design environment featuring the industrys foremost design tools in - depth tips , expert tricks , and comprehensive design resources intuitive file finding , smooth workflow , and common interface and toolset single installer - - control what you install and when you install it cross - media publishing - - create content for both print and the web sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review . symantec systemworks 2004 professional symantec choose : see other options list price : $ 99 . 00 price : $ 29 . 99 you save : $ 69 . 01 ( 70 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versions features : norton utilities optimizes your pc ? s performance and solves computer problems norton password manager keeps your passwords secure and easy to manage norton goback personal edition restores your pc after a serious problem norton cleansweep removes unwanted programs and files that waste disk space norton ghost protects your data from computer disasters sales rank : # 4 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 217 reviews . write a review . cultivate desert steep gritty memorandum demonic sims background manifest grown owens hippocratic puppet sense rivulet soothsay lineup banquet morpheme buttress principle coneflower 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for 10 / 18 / 00 october 18 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: re : indian springs mary : deal # 487040 has been setup with demand charge equally to the amounts that teco paid hpl at indian spring for the following months : august & september 1999 february , march , & april 2000 if you have any questions , let me know . thanks , clem mary poorman @ enron 11 / 14 / 2000 08 : 54 am to : clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect , katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect subject : indian springs i need hpl sales and purchases , back dated to 8 / 99 between hpl and teco to book any processing revenue or losses . apparently this is in addition to the current deal in place and is priced at at different rate . please let me know when these tickets are in place so that i can get track id ' s and finalize this issue . thank you , mary 
2	Subject: gtv weekly status update please see below for the weekly status report for the gtv project and please see the attached file for the updated project timeline . gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , russ severson , francis lim , jeremy wong , bill fortney , chuck ames , geoff storey , karima husain , jay krish , mike swaim , nayan dattani , george grant , narasim kasaru . accomplishments : ? incorporating physcial deal positions in tds : o changes for the view aggregation have been completed . o expandable total in cash position on schedule ( please see the attached project timeline ) . ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o phase 1 of single point of deal entry for term deals is in user test . ? gas daily deals : o revisions for changes to portcalc application to create gdi calc in erms have been worked on . ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o released to production . ? option grid ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) : o changes to portcalc application have been completed and in user test . o the option delta change forward month report has been completed and in user test . ? basis options ( phase 2 ) : o development of deal entry type for basis options complete in tagg . plans for the week ending 5 / 25 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase i items . o changes to portcalc for valuing physical outer month positions . o some modification to gdi calc . o changes to curve shift report for gdi calc . o expandable total in cash position . ? continue it development of phase ii issues . issues / open items : none thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: level 2 top market performers montana oil and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to expiore further opportunities in alberta canada , is an energy deveioper in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs . aggressive investors and traders may want to watch montana oi | and gas ( mogi ) again this morning ! montana oil and gas inc . ( mogi - news ) announces that the sylvan lake oi | and gas project is stiil awaiting a rig at this time . the surface | ease has been constructed and we have been waiting for a rig to become availabie for over two weeks , and anticipate this to happen next week at the latest . the company has a 25 % working interest in the sylvan lake project . symbol - mogi price - $ . 43 reasons to conside mogi : 1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest buil market in a generation . 2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the | ast two years . 3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves potentialiy worth multi - miliions , mogi is se | | ing for less than 1 / 4 the value of its assets . 4 . montana oi | and gas specializes in using new technology to turn unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . already shares in the oil and gas sectorare rising faster than the overall market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized expiorers and deveiopers | ike montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadruple returns . vancouver , british coiumbia , march 3 o , 2005 ( primezone ) - - montana oi | and gas , inc . , ( pink sheets : mogi ) president peter sanders is please to announce the foilowing update on its syivan lake project . after several delays due to unseasonabie weather and road closures in the province of alberta , the contracted drilling rig was moved onto location over the weekend and ensign drilling has spudded the 5 - 3 - 38 - 3 w 5 m weil a nd are currently driiling at 1 , 250 feet . surface casing will be run to 930 feet . the dri | | ing rig is known as a telescopic double and is rated to drill to lo , oo 0 feet in depth . driiling operations are expected to be suspended shortiy for a few weeks as the county may impose a restriction on heavy vehicles using secondary highways and roads during spring breakup as heavy vehicies may cause severe road damage . this is an annual event , which occurs in most of centra | and northern canada when the frost , which may be severa | feet thick comes out of the ground . driiling operations for a large rig such as the sylvan lake we | | requires service by heavy vehicles such as mud , water , cement and vacuum trucks which wiil be prohibited from using the roads during this period of time . peter sanders notes , § the road bans that have been taking piace ail over alberta happen every year and in the spring is no surprise , ail oi | and gas companies are effected by breakup , the good thing is , is that we have the rig on site , which wiil remain there until we are finished driiling , surface casing has been compieted and we wiil be ready to finish dri | | ing the minute the road bans are lifted . the syivan lake prospect is a wel | defined 3 - d seismic structural high within a preserved pekisko remnant isiand that may have virgin reservoirs with simiiar production potentia | as the adjacent n pool where 6 welis have produced 680 , 0 oo barreis oil since 1997 . in overal | , the syivan field has produced 40 million barrels of oil from the pekisko formation and 5 o biilion cubic feet of gas from the shunda formation . ensign drilling will test a tota | of 3 o feet from several zones in the shunda formation at 7 , 155 feet and a 30 - foot pekisko oi | formation at 7 , 320 feet . when drilling resumes , the hoie is planned to reach a total depth of 7 , 57 o feet , which may take some lo days to then complete driliing and testing . each deveiopment weil has probable production of 150 barrels of oi | per day and 75 o ? thousand cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 biliion cubic feet gas and 3 oo , 000 barreis of oi | . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average wel | in the syivan lake field has produced 5 oo barreis of oil per day and / or over one miliion cubic feet of gas per day . if successful , the company intends to drill up to 4 more welis on these land sections . this immediate area has been developed for both oi | and natura | gas over the past forty - five years . accordingiy a multitude of gas gathering and processing facilities and oil transportation faciiities have been constructed . for more detaiied information on this project please see news release dated feb . 7 th , 20 o 5 . good luck and successful trading . information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wi | | , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently availabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi ' s actual resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks include the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - online com when available , shouid be complete d prior to investing . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 56 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: feel the power ! year 1 12 . 35 % premium bonus immediately 7 . 00 % effective 5 year yield 6 . 43 % commission 6 . 00 % ( 0 - 85 ) nq - q call or visit our web site today ! please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: only 3 days left 2004 clearance http : / / bda . cheapestrxmeds . info / lasf / valìum - 3 . 99 xanåx - 3 . 99 cìalis - 6 . 66 viagrå - 4 . 99 ambièn - 3 . 99 ultråm - 3 . 33 cèlebrèx 3 . 33 somå - 2 . 99 more . . . you won ' t find these prîces anywhere quality mèds from canada browse now http : / / it . cheapestrxmeds . info / lasf / 
2	Subject: baytown 12 ' ' pigging affected meters cheryl please make sure letters are sent out this week for the baytown 12 " pigging project . all producers are to be shut - in by 9 : 00 am on september 12 , 2000 . the outage is expected to last three to four days . if you have any questions please call me 36449 gary hanks - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 08 / 29 / 2000 04 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : gary a hanks 08 / 11 / 2000 11 : 13 am to : cheryl dudley / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect cc : steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a austin / hou / ect @ ect , william d cosby / gco / enron @ enron subject : baytown 12 ' ' pigging affected meters the baytown 12 " pigging project scheduled for august 15 has been cancelled . the work has been rescheduled and is expected to begin september 12 . the same list of meters will be shut - in early on the morning of september 12 and remain shut - in approximately three to four days . if you have any questions please call me 36449 . thanks gary hanks - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 08 / 08 / 2000 12 : 49 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : gary a hanks 08 / 01 / 2000 10 : 55 am to : cheryl dudley / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect cc : steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a austin / hou / ect @ ect subject : baytown 12 ' ' pigging affected meters the meters listed in the attached email will be shut - in in order to pig the baytown 12 " . the meters will be shut - in early on the morning of august 15 , and remain shut - in for approximately five to ten days . if you have any questions please call me 36449 . thanks gary hanks mgr gas control - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 08 / 01 / 2000 10 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mike vollmering @ enron 08 / 01 / 2000 08 : 59 am to : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect cc : james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , pat flavin / gco / enron @ enron , liberty team hpl / gco / enron @ enron subject : baytown 12 ' ' the columbus energy wiggins # 1 ( 989634 ) will be effected by the pigging project . the tap valve is installed in the mlv bypass and the bypass will be removed to blow down the line . here is a list of all the producers that will be effected . columbus energy - - - - - - - - wiggins # 1 ( 989634 ) and fig orchard ( 986764 ) sanchez o mike 
2	Subject: fw : [ vegetates ] 82 % - off vicodin . fungicide karate commercially early traveler hashish rangers miocene landscape sack cover threads punts arianism miltonian excellency developing heavier disguises script earphone firmed weathercocks heatedly ordinal overnighter oaths slender off respects argentina peas exert hoots boxwood plumed bayda gambled byzantium abraham - - phone : 814 - 541 - 3483 mobile : 305 - 797 - 1618 email : mavissinclair 2001 @ madhuri . com  
2	Subject: prior month adjustments for west book gwen : i am working with our trader regarding a deal that was changed after the flow date passed . desk : epmi short term west bom counterparty : pacificorp deal entered : 4 / 24 / 01 deal changed and auto - scheduled : 4 / 27 / 01 our flashed amount for april should be different from your flashed amount , but this variance never come through desk analysis afterwards . would you please advise why it ' s not being picked up by settlements ? thanks , fran 503 . 464 . 7973 
2	Subject: christmas lunch - texas logistics the texas logistics desk has reservation at the stables at main and greenbriar for wed . the 13 th at 11 : 45 am for our christmas luncheon . we are planning on having a christmas gift fight at some point during the lunch , so , please plan on bringing a present . . . . net present value of $ 10 . 00 . this is alot of fun , so i hope to see everyone there . we will arrange some carpooling on tuesday or wednesday am ( if you can take four or more with you , please let me know ) . thank you , mary 
2	Subject: gtv weekly status update please find below the weekly status update for the gtv project and the attached file for the updated project timeline . changes are underlined . gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , russ severson , jeremy wong , francis lim , nayan dattani , dave nommensen , george grant , bill fortney . accomplishments : ? incorporating physical deal positions in tds : o changes for the view aggregation have been completed . o expandable total in cash position has been completed . ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o released to production . ? gas daily deals : o revisions for changes to portcalc application to create gdi calc in erms are in user test . o the development for the curve shift reports has been completed . o change cpr portcalc to value outer month positions is in test . ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o released to production . ? saving different views in tds : o completed and is currently in test . ? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 ) : o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed . ? option grid ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? basis options ( phase 2 ) : o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg . o development of loading correlation curves has been completed . ? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) : o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed . plans for the week ending 7 / 6 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase i items . o fix gas daily option curve shift calculation in portcalc . o investigate proper ways of handling deal changes and deal re - valuation due to curve changes . o migrate portcalc changes and some of the tds changes to production on saturday , july 7 th . ? continue it development of phase ii issues . o change portcalc to value spread options . o option reports ( pl reports ) . o change to tagg / erms translator for transport deal capture . issues : none notes ? we are planning to release changes to portcalc and some of tds applications this weekend , to facilitate further testing of cash position in tds position manager . ? the issue with curve shift calculation of gas daily options has been resolved . a new option library function will be used . ? the performance of tds position manager has been improved in the test version . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: save a loot hello , welcome to pharmonlin megascope e sho seedfish p - one of the lead sinapism ing oniine pharmaceutical shops inclement v meteoric g a exultancy l pleurisy ll l conversational a r disprove ac yokefellow l i liquidate sv pyjamas a respiration um andmanyother . - save over decagon 50 % - worldwide shlppl platerack ng - total confidentiaiit daresay y - over 5 miiiion cust coffeeberry omers in 130 countries ha comprador ve a nice day ! 
2	Subject: uluslararasi telefon görÜÞmelerÝnde bÜyÜk tasarruf faturasiz ÝetÝÞÝm uluslararasý telefon görüþmelerinde % 95 ' lere varan indirimlerden yararlanmak artýk çok daha kolay . internet telefonu sistemi kisa bir süre için 149 $ + kdv inet media reklam internet ve iletisim sistemleritel : 0216 492 65 70 - 0216 310 34 83 ( 09 : 00 - 18 : 00 arasi ) özellikler • istediginiz zaman istediginiz yerden istediginiz numarayi arayabilme , • sinirsiz bedava pc ' den pc ' ye arama , • full duplex iletisim , • hands - free kullanim , • usb port baglantisi , • % 100 dijital ses berrakligi , • ekosuz parazitsiz görüsme , • ses gecikmesini önleyici sistem , • network üzerinde çalisabilme • kolay kurulum - kurulumu 5 dakikanizi alir ! usb kablosunu takin . kafa karistirici baska hiçbir kablo baglantisi gerektirmez . • minimum sistem gereksinimleri : win 98 , win me veya win 2000 , 8 mb harddisk , 16 mb ram , usb portlu pentium bilgisayar . inet media reklam internet ve iletisim sistemleritel : 0216 492 65 70 - 0216 310 34 83 ( 09 : 00 - 18 : 00 arasi ) bu e - mail birkereye mahsus gönderilmiþtir . verdiðimiz rahatsýzlýk için özür dileriz . lütfen þikayetlerinizi ve listeden çýkma isteðinizi cardex 2004 @ hotmail . com email adresimize  
2	Subject: contact information dear mr . kaminski , i sent my resume to your well respected company a few weeks ago in regards to establishing a long - lasting career with them . i never received a response and was wondering if you knew who was in charge of the electric power disbatching / scheduling department or know of who i may contact to inquire this information ? i know you are a very busy professional and i apologize for the inconvenience . thank you for your valuable time . warmest regards , eric hilton 
2	Subject: re : thank you for the e - mail . joe , he is a research assistant of prof . darrell duffie from stanford and i met him in this capacity . a very bright fellow . i could not assess his commercial skills but he has enough common sense to identify the winner ( as his interest in enron demonstrates ) . vince joseph p hirl @ enron _ development 12 / 17 / 99 08 : 05 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : thank you for the e - mail . vince , thanks for the note and the voice mail this morning . do you have any thoughts / comments on this person ' s abilities ? joe vince j kaminski @ ect 12 / 18 / 99 07 : 25 am to : joseph p hirl / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : subject : re : thank you for the e - mail . joe , i am forwarding you the information about the student from stanford of japanese ancestry interested in enron . he lives currently in california . vince kaminski - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 12 / 17 / 99 03 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 10 / 20 / 99 07 : 07 am to : hoshino @ leland . stanford . edu cc : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : thank you for the e - mail . taiichi , thank you for your messsage . i shall forward to our analyst / associate program and a few other units of enron . vince kaminski hoshino @ leland . stanford . edu on 10 / 19 / 99 09 : 14 : 05 am please respond to hoshino @ leland . stanford . edu to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vkaminski @ aol . com cc : subject : thank you for the e - mail . dear vince kaminski thank you so much for the kind invitation for the meeting . i have been always inspired by and having respect for the recent revolutionary achievements of enron in the energy markets my former employer mckinsey tokyo in fact featured your company * s success in the last quarterly , and it clearly states ( in japanese though ) that the quantitative research capability at enron is now at the world * s top level , which has been always behind the scene . i am extremely honored to receive the email from you and in fact interested in knowing the opportunity of working in the energy field ; however , very unfortunately i will have to come back to japan , or at least to the east asian region , upon graduation due to an inevitable family reason . my wife * s father passed away recently and an old mother - in - law is now left alone without relatives . i understand that enron has not yet embarked on the next big project of freeing the outdated japanese energy market , ( which by the way i strongly hope ) so i may not have a very good chance of making contribution at your company right now . lastly , if you need a staff in tokyo in some future who understands both the risk management analytics at the f 622 level and the local language and business custome better than average , please contact me any time . i will be happy to assist as much as possible . yours sincerely , / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ taiichi hoshino ph . d . candidate engineering economic systems & operations research graduate school of engineering stanford university the shadows apt # 171 750 north shoreline blvd . mountain view ca 94043 tel / fax ) 650 - 960 - 1993 / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ 
2	Subject: re : trip to london next week sally thanks for the note . i will look forward to seeing you hear next week and meeting with you in person for at least an hour or so . john enron capital & trade resources corp . from : sally beck 14 / 03 / 2000 15 : 58 to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : trip to london next week brent price and i will be in the london office next week , arriving monday morning and returning to houston on friday . the purpose of my visit is in regard to my global risk management operations role , i believe that rick causey met with you regarding some operations support that brent and i will provide to fernley during a transition period prior to the arrival and during the assimilation of michael jordan , the jp morgan staffer that fernley has hired . brent and i will be working with fernley next week to iron out the details of our support for fernley during that transition period . we will also map out an enron trading operations introduction for michael jordan , which may involve a short stint for him in houston . my goal is to provide a strong resource to fernley during this transition period and to work with fernley to provide whatever assistance , training , and orientation to michael in his role so that his assimilation can be as smooth and effective as possible . another purpose for the trip is to spend some time with fernley and his business controllers to get their ideas on specific goals that as a group we would commit to for 2000 . i know that barry and richard sage have many good ideas on how we can leverage knowledge and best practices across all enron locations with trading operations . my earlier trips to london this year were focused solely on helsinki , and did not allow time to positively focus on leveraging worldwide operations experience . i value input from other trading operations professionals and i look forward to the ideas that can be generated in working with barry , richard and some of their direct reports . i also contacted tani nath about my trip to see how i could support her as she moves into her role in global products . i have not heard from tani , but i understand from others that she will be in the houston office next week . it will be unfortunate to miss her on my trip , but based on my commitments in houston and rick causey ' s desire to move forward on providing trading operations support to fernley , next week is the best for me to be in london . i did meet with tani for an hour when she was here week before last and offered to help her in any way if she made the decision to accept the role over global products . i trust that she will contact me for that support as needed . i have scheduled a short meeting one on one with you while i am there to discuss how my global role can provide support and resources for your business efforts in london . i look forward to meeting with you next week . this trip is not a leg of the worldwide operations / control review that we are conducting at joe sutton ' s request . by circumstance , as you know , we have taken a look at helsinki and subsequently oslo and frankfurt . there will be a similar review of continental power , uk gas , uk power and global liquids . the review teams are currently focused on operations / controls reviews of north american locations and some entities in the us in which enron has a large ownership position . it is likely that the continuation of this effort in london will occur in mid april . copies of the drafts of the findings for oslo and frankfurt were provided to fernley as soon as the team returned to houston . we hope to finalise those drafts this week as we receive comments from fernley and the business managers in oslo and frankfurt to whom those drafts were provided . fernley suggested that you would like to see the drafts as opposed to the final copies , so i will have those forwarded to you today . the sydney and singapore trip was a lengthy one , as it also involved a last leg of the trip in london with regard to support for singapore . the houston team returned the middle of last week and worked with aa on an early draft last friday . i can also provide you with a draft of that report , the completion of which was pending input from bill bradford early this week ( he made the trip but was out of the office last week ) . we did do a preliminary review of the sydney and singapore findings with rick causey and rick buy on friday afternoon , to accommodate the fact that both are out on vacation this week . they understood the preliminary nature of the draft that was reviewed with them . 
2	Subject: justt try lt hello , welcome to pharmon emphases line sh pudenda op - one of the leading oniine traction pharmaceutical shops hydrargyrum v disciplinary g underdid al fulvous ll l polder a bugler rac cuboid l polished is rectorial va intrigue um andmanyother . - save manifold over 50 % - worldwide contuse shlpplng - total confiden intractability tiaiity - over 5 miiiion customers in 130 co purseproud untries have a nice da bunkum y ! 
2	Subject: fda approved we are one of the top sites on the net with quality brand names . check out our feature - it will make you rock hard at a rock bottom price http : / / cataract . mq 5 . net / p / blam 987 make yourself well again without the insane expense . stop feeling sad - slim down and feel great - fix your problems in the bedroom http : / / tribesman . mq 5 . net / p / blam 987 theseareyucky : http : / / http : / / seedling . mq 5 . net / z baseband acrimonious sequestration pianissimo cast against clinic congenial  
2	Subject: menziesia corel , nero , ado 0 be , plnnacle system , allas , apple from $ 20 each noseless averseness rydberg housewife lilongwe bouyei grassland . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from gropius we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares aback handset retrace , defined calanthe emulsive disarrayed juncaceae .  
2	Subject: well head this must be change day , shoreline would like to change meter 6886 from 490 to 220 . daily meter actual show it ' s been running 398 on the lst and 2 nd and 6 mmbtu on the 3 rd . looks like it may be falling down . let me know daren thanks . 
2	Subject: colaboration dear sir / madam , my factory wants a colaboration with your factory . please take a look at our website : http : / / www . jobtrans . info if do you consider that the collaboration will be benefic , please send a confirmation mail ! regards veronica  
2	Subject: your delta air lines confirmation # xclmdz this is a post only e - mail . please do not respond to this message . dear daren farmer ( skymiles # 2341930101 ) : thank you for your ticket purchase on delta . com . below is the itinerary information for your air travel . we suggest that you save this document for reference should you need to contact us concerning your tickets or reservations . purchase information your delta air lines confirmation number is : xclmdz you have purchased airline tickets for the following passengers : skymiles # mr . daren farmer 2341930101 $ 255 . 00 mr . gary hanks 2339077915 $ 255 . 00 total price : $ 510 . 00 your credit card will be charged the amount stated above for your airline tickets . unless noted , all fares and rates are quoted in u . s . dollars . itinerary information flight number : delta 1895 departs : houston ( bush intercontl ) ( iah ) 15 feb 01 at 02 : 40 pm arrives : las vegas ( las ) 15 feb 01 at 06 : 10 pm seats : not assigned and not assigned flight number : delta 1800 departs : las vegas ( las ) 18 feb 01 at 01 : 10 pm arrives : salt lake city ( slc ) 18 feb 01 at 03 : 28 pm seats : 32 c and 32 d flight number : delta 1180 departs : salt lake city ( slc ) 18 feb 01 at 04 : 35 pm arrives : houston ( bush intercontl ) ( iah ) 18 feb 01 at 08 : 30 pm seats : 18 d and 18 e your credit card will be billed $ 510 . 00 and your electronic ticket receipt / itinerary card mailed to : mr . daren farmer 5519 clarkston spring , tx 77379 united states phone : 2812511793 email : dfarmer @ enron . com if you have questions or concerns , please call delta air lines at 800 221 - 1212 with your delta confirmation number available . for non - u . s . based customers , please access the phone number of the delta air lines reservations office for your country . thank you for making your travel reservations at delta . com . lodging reservations - provided worldwide by placestostay . com now that you ' ve purchased your air travel at delta . com , check in at placestostay . com to find your accomodations . placestostay . com is an easy way to reserve a room at one of 15 , 000 hotels , inns , resorts , and bed and breakfasts around the world . just visit : http : / / delta . placestostay . com this e - mail message and its contents are copyrighted and are proprietary products of delta air lines , inc . any unauthorized use , reproduction , or transfer of the message or its content , in any medium , is strictly prohibited . you have received this e - mail because you elected to take advantage of delta ' s itinerary confirmation e - mail program . if you would like to take advantage of other delta e - mail programs featuring special fares and promotions , please visit : this is a post - only e - mail . please do not respond to this message .  
2	Subject: surf charset  big 5 " > new fabric for your products ? v nylon pu ! ! ! new fabric for surf sailing sportswears ? v microfibre peach ! ! !  
2	Subject: account info is needed chimique products and great service all rolled up into one great shopping experience ! new styles are added all the time , so be sure to check back with us ! bookmark us now and know we will be here to strive to bring you . http : / / qh . spacedichotomywind . com / re / addidas , bally , bvlgari , burberry , cartier , chanel , christian dior , dunhill , dupont , escada , fendi , ferragamo , gucci , hermes , iwc , jacob & co . , louis vuitton , mont blanc , movado , nike , omega , oris , prada , puma , rado , roger dubuis , rolex , sector , tag heuer , technomarine , tiffany , timberland , tudor and we ' ll be stayin ' here for a whilecoz ' we ' ll be rockin ' til ' the end of time esusan farenaca duserand ql fallaron fganffm she ' s the worldest hon in the world kingdom well there ' s alligators and razorbacks , but i don ' t care , i like to go down tubin ' with you , junebug 
2	Subject: * _ ~ + , cheao online pharmacy  : ~ * ' c : he : ap onli : nepha : rm : acy cialis , viagra , valium and xanax and many more meds free cialis with every order ! get the m : edica : tion you need at inc : red : ible d : isco : unts . ov : ern : ight de : liv : ary http : / / odbl 57 . eubsdjfedef . com n : o : mo : re http : / / nksl 57 . eubsdjfedef . com / bye / 
2	Subject: january nominations at shell deer park fyi - they did request 110 m / day , however , the load must have dropped off . i am checking into this , and will email the findings . mary - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary poorman / na / enron on 01 / 02 / 2001 07 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " shankster jl ( luther ) " on 12 / 19 / 2000 03 : 32 : 26 pm to : " ' lamphier , gary ' " cc : " carter , john " , " ricks , ruth " , kyle . r . lilly @ enron . com , mary . poorman @ enron . com subject : january nominations at shell deer park gary , january 2001 nominations for gas delivery to shell deer park are as follows : firm baseload - 110 , 000 mmbtu / d spot swing supply - 0 ( zero ) delivery of the above contract quantities is expected to be as follows : hpl - hp hpl - e hpl - s firm 35 , 000 mmbtu / d 40 , 000 mmbtu / d 35 , 000 mmbtu / d on or about january 7 th we are currently planning on beginning our much anticipated scheduled turnaround work . natural gas demand is expected to decrease with hpl ' s portion being 20 , 000 mmbtu / d coming primarily out of the hp / e station . this will leave total demand at 90 , 000 mmbtu / d for the remainder of the month . please let me know if you have any questions j . luther shankster energy & utilities planning > phone : 713 / 277 - 9307 > fax : 713 / 277 - 9941 > e - mail : jlshankster @ equiva . com > home page : http : / / rsweb > > 
2	Subject: umbrella transaction just a quick fyi ; if we end up doing deal with umbrella , our review of their benefits package seems to indicate it will cost many of employees significantly more for the same level of medical and dental coverage , as much as $ 5000 pa . i plan to raise this with john donnelly and see if we can negotiate a softer landing for people , but i wanted you to know that this will cause quite a stir if we proceed without any pay rises or special subsidy for the rank and file . david 
2	Subject: re : ming sit vince , thanks for the update . if there is anything i can facilitate or bring more info about ming , please let me know . zimin vince j kaminski 05 / 22 / 2000 01 : 15 pm to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : ming sit zimin , some feedback i have received on ming . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000 01 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pinnamaneni krishnarao 05 / 22 / 2000 12 : 35 pm to : dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ronnie chahal / hou / ees @ ees subject : re : ming sit dennis : i talked to ming for only short time and am concerned about the cons scott mentioned . i would like to know what your assessment is like . also , i would like vince , ronnie & myself to talk to ming over the phone . can we call him directly and talk to him ? please let me know how strongly you feel about having him as a support person . thanks , krishna . x 35485 to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : ming sit krisna : are you still interested in hiring ming sit , through the research group . if so , please proceed and assign him to support ees . please let me know if i need to provide any information . thanks dennis - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dennis benevides / hou / ees on 05 / 22 / 2000 09 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - james w lewis 05 / 21 / 2000 11 : 44 am to : dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees cc : scott stoness / hou / ees @ ees subject : re : ming sit i like db ' s suggestion . let ' s do it . enron energy services from : dennis benevides 05 / 19 / 2000 03 : 31 pm phone no : 713 853 - 9609 to : scott stoness / hou / ees @ ees cc : james w lewis / hou / ees @ ees subject : re : ming sit got a little scared at your first sentence i read " he is no replacement for jay but he could be for dennis b . . " ? ? . anyway : i think he would be a good fit withing the group . krisna has offered to hire him in the research group , he has good programing background and is excited about working for enron instead of a utility such as pacificcorp . he expressed interest in applying his skill to make $ $ $ $ . i suggest bringing him in in research as a first alternative . i see three potential applications where we can use his skills to evaluate best longer term fit : continuing ronnie ' s model building role , but with a focus within neil ' s group to tie rm systems together bridge the lack of phd econometrics expertise we have as are result of the departure of anoush . risk management systems infrastructure development . scott stoness 05 / 19 / 2000 02 : 02 pm to : james w lewis / hou / ees @ ees cc : dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees subject : ming sit he is no replacement for jay but he could be a dennis b employee . pros : engineer so would be good at math his boss hired him a 2 nd time ( 1 at txu and again at pacificor again ) so he must be reliable phd in economics and engineering ( good ) from stanford ( ugh : ) : ) : ) ) cons : does not understand tariffs . i asked him and he said he is not experienced . i probed too and he does not understand regulatory that well . does not understand ancillary services ( which is surprising to me since he started out as an plant operation side of hk power ) has limited people management skills ( he described 1 analyst he works with that is not capable that he has to jump into the excel spreadsheet and fix it for him and he cannot give him feedback because it is a utility mentality ) he is not a good communicator ( i asked him to describe what he did in hk power and it took him forever to explain because he expected me to know that plant operations meant planning the start up of oil plants ) . overall : i suspect that he is a very solid guy when it comes to analysis but not particularly creative or good at communication and leadership . he would be a great support person . i would hire for analysis but not as a potential leader . go 
2	Subject: list of top 20 capacity release pipes i thought this link was interesting . . .  
2	Subject: buy popular drugs online online pharmacy - visit our online store and save . save up to 80 % compared to normal rates . all popular drugs are available ! - world wide shipping - no doctor visits - no prescriptions - next day priority shipping - discreet packaging - buy in bulk and save ! we make it easier and faster than ever to get the prescriptions you need . go here : http : / / phents . com / rx / phrm / simply rx is your convenient , safe and private online source for fda approved pharmacy prescriptions . we sell brand - name and exact generic equivalents of us fda approved prescription drugs through our fully - licensed overseas pharmacy . upon approval of your medical information , a licensed physician will issue a free prescription which can be filled and shipped to you in one business day . no thanks : http : / / phents . com / z . php 
2	Subject: rreally works very good hello , welcome to pharmonli thyroid ne s newtonian hop - one of the leading oniine campaign pharmaceutical shops malnutrition v dimply g a unfold l l withdraw l unarmed la r spatio a cupboard cl i decision sv osierbed a classic um andmanyother . - save o operatic ver 50 % - worldwide sh retaliate lpplng - total conf impromptu identiaiity - over 5 miiiion cust unworn omers in 130 countries puffin have a nice day ! 
2	Subject: iraq and crude output an interesting piece of information from the oil markets . iraq is trying to extract concessions from the us and threatens to shut down production as of oct 1 ( just in time for the us elections ) . the source of this info is phil verlaeger ( an oil analyst ) . he is very good but excessively concerned with iraqi machinations . he is the source of news ( reported by friedman of the new york times in his op - ed columns ) about massive iraqi trading in the oil futures markets . i personally discount this info : the volume and transparency of the oil markets would not support this type of huge scale operations by saddam ' s government . there may be some trading by iraqi officials on the side . vince 
2	Subject: 23 rd noms - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 02 / 22 / 2000 10 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 02 / 22 / 2000 10 : 13 : 28 am to : ami _ chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : 23 rd noms ( see attached file : hpl - feb . xls ) - hpl - feb . xls 
2	Subject: special request from : mr . cheung pui hang seng bank ltd sai wan ho branch 171 shaukiwan road hong kong . let me start by introducing myself . i am mr . cheung pui director of operations of the hang seng bank ltd , sai wan - ho branch . i have an obscured business suggestion for you . one of our clients / personal friend , late mr . morris thompson an american who was a private business man unfortunately lost his life in the plane crash of alaska airlines flight 261 which crashed on january 31 st 2000 , including his wife and only daughter . you can read more about the crash on visiting these site below , before the plane crash , mr . morris thompson made a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months with a value of us $ 24 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( twenty four million , five hundred thousand united state dollars ) in my branch . upon maturity several notice was sent to him , another notification was sent and still no response came from him . we later found out that mr . morris thompson and his family had been killed in that plane crash . after further investigation it was also discovered that mr . morris thompson ? s next of kin is his daughter who died with him . what bothers me most is that according to the laws of my country at the expiration 4 years the funds will revert to the ownership of the hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the funds . against this backdrop , my suggestion to you is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to mr . morris thompson so that you will be able to receive these funds for both of us . what is to be done : want you to know that i have had everything planned out so that we shall come out successfully . i have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to mr . morris thompson , all that is required from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your full names and address so that the attorney can commence his job . after you have been made the next of kin , the attorney will also file in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the movement of the funds to an account that will be provided by you . this process is 100 % risk free as we have set out all the modalities to see that a legalized method is used because the attorney will prepare all the necessary documents . please note that utmost secrecy and confidentiality is required at all times during this transaction . once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank account we shall share in the ratio of 70 % for me , 25 % for you and 5 % set aside for any incidental expenses incurred during this transaction . if you are not interested , please delete this letter so that i can scout for another competent partner to conclude this transaction . should you be interested please send me your full names , telephone / fax number , and email address . i will prefer that you reach me via this email address ( cheungpui 9000 @ netscape . net ) your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated . kind regards , mr . cheung pui . tel / fax : 852 - 301 - 61206 
2	Subject: solve your health problems now includes a free medical consultation . http : / / www . authorise 5969 rneds . us / f 99 / s t o p http : / / www . authorise 5969 rneds . us /  
2	Subject: scott kuehn leaving intel hey guys ! today is my last day at intel . check out my new email at : scottkuehn @ go 2 netmail . com i will be in gig harbor for awhile , and can be reached at ( 253 ) 851 - 7530 talk to you soon , scott - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kuehn , m scott sent : tuesday , july 31 , 2001 5 : 42 pm to : nicholson , bradley a ; reed , james d ; turtel , scott ; brownell , brenda ; ascenzi , michael t ; powell , neil d ; toller , wade m ; clark , saundra f ; jarman , parry w ; lee , ken ; samuels , eric ; hroncich , timothy b ; paul , jacob m ; tseng , nancy h ; maloney , paul ; mcguire , mike ; dalgleish , ken ; szatkiewicz , jason m ; breuer , lisa a ; junker , richard d ; behunin , abigail j ; billa , roberto a ; hess , michael j ; soldonia , matias j ; staneff , matthew a ; szatkiewicz , jason m ; morgan , bryan k subject : scott kuehn leaving intel hello everyone , today is my last day at intel . thanks everyone for a great experience . i have enjoyed working with all of you and hope to stay in touch ! i will be moving to gig harbor on thursday and can be reached at ( 253 ) 851 - 7530 . my new email account starting tomorrow is : scottkuehn @ go 2 netmail . com farewell , scott kuehn 
2	Subject: marathon oil company meter 098 - 6599 nacogodoches co . , tx deal 705819 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by julie meyers / hou / ect on 05 / 29 / 2001 04 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 05 / 29 / 2001 03 : 44 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : melissa graves / hou / ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , mike morris / corp / enron @ enron , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron ( bcc : julie meyers / hou / ect ) subject : marathon oil company meter 098 - 6599 nacogodoches co . , tx deal 705819 julie , please change 705819 to a term deal and add may at if / hsc less $ 0 . 18 . george - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 05 / 29 / 2001 03 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 11 / 2001 02 : 58 pm to : kimberlee a bennick / hou / ect @ ect cc : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / enron @ enronxgate , donald p reinhardt / enron @ enronxgate , melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect subject : fw : marathon agreement kim , would you please generate and send a lst purchaser gtc based on the following information : deal maker : brian riley counterparty : marathon oil company contact : ed jaroch contract type : first purchaser gtc contract term : april , may & june 2001 contract price : for april only fixed price of $ 5 . 06 may facility # 59636 county : nacodoches co . , tx please well listing below : if you need additional information , let me know thanks , vlt - - - - - original message - - - - - from : riley , brian sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 1 : 57 pm to : taylor , vance l . subject : marathon agreement vance , please make sure these wells are listed in the well bore dedication with marathon : christian # 1 christian # 2 christian f - 1 charles christian # 1 ffot # 1 tatum # 1 tatum # 2 tatum # 3 thanks br 
2	Subject: schedule hi vince thanks for the chat earlier today . slava is out this coming week ( 5 th - 9 th march ) , then i ' ll be out for the next two weeks ( 12 th - 23 rd march ) . i expect we ' ll both be around from 26 th march onwards , though i will be away again at paris risk 10 th - 11 th april . cheers , steve 
2	Subject: we want to check your pulse once again , it ' s time to find out what you think about your work experience at enron and enron transportation services company , and what we can do to help make it better . that ' s why we want to check your pulse . in fact , we ' ve changed the name of last year ' s " excellence through communication " employee survey to the pulse . we believe the pulse more accurately captures the purpose of the survey . your diagnosis will help us correct problem areas so we can continue to make enron a great place to work . is available : monday , oct . 16 - friday , oct . 27 is located at : survey . enron . com there are a few things we want you to remember about the pulse : 1 . your survey responses will be confidential . you can complete your survey from special computer kiosks that will be set up in some of our larger offices . several group computer terminals also will be available in smaller field offices . we want to provide you with the most comfortable environment possible , as your participation is of vital importance to us . alternatively , you can key in your responses from your desktop computer . the responses keyed from your desktop will be confidential as well . 2 . we will respond actively to your comments . we are going to do our best to cure some of the current problems that exist and put into action preventative processes that will help identify smaller problems before they become major ones . we may ask for your help in resolving some of the issues that are collected in the survey - your active role will help us identify the best solutions . in last year ' s survey , you identified several problem areas regarding internal communications , workload and performance management . we ' ve already acted on many of your recommendations . these are a few of the things we ' ve accomplished in direct response to your input :  ets strengthened management focus on intellectual capital and employee through the initiation of :  table talk sessions with ets office of the chairman , which give employees the opportunity to have frontline discussions ,  the " innovation series , " which invites employees to share their ideas openly and ensures management commitment to evaluating ideas ,  e - speak sessions with ets leaders to exchange ideas , and  our name change to enron transportation services to recognize our most strategic asset - you .  we made workload planning and management training / development available to ets employees to address workload issues , the greatest ets concern in the survey .  we improved the consistency of performance management , the survey topic that received the most employee comments , by extending the use of the performance evaluation process ( pep ) system and the performance review committee ( prc ) process to all levels in ets at mid - year in 2000 . please take a few minutes to check your pulse and tell us what you think and how you feel about your job and about enron . we look forward to hearing from you 
2	Subject: 1 : 30 trade counts trade date trade cnt 10 / 6 / 2001 17 10 / 7 / 2001 42 10 / 8 / 2001 4884 10 / 9 / 2001 4980 10 / 10 / 2001 5846 10 / 11 / 2001 5560 10 / 12 / 2001 5934 10 / 13 / 2001 16 10 / 14 / 2001 15 10 / 15 / 2001 5159 10 / 16 / 2001 6676 10 / 17 / 2001 7090 10 / 18 / 2001 7091 10 / 19 / 2001 7762 10 / 20 / 2001 3 10 / 21 / 2001 31 10 / 22 / 2001 7419 10 / 23 / 2001 8081 10 / 24 / 2001 6911 10 / 25 / 2001 8038 10 / 26 / 2001 6533 10 / 27 / 2001 11 10 / 28 / 2001 4 10 / 29 / 2001 6660 10 / 30 / 2001 5461 10 / 31 / 2001 6617 11 / 1 / 2001 6320 11 / 2 / 2001 5633 11 / 3 / 2001 42 11 / 4 / 2001 18 11 / 5 / 2001 6101 
2	Subject: re : sorry . chonawee , this was perfectly all right . as a matter of fact i expect and encourage the members of the group to disagree with me ( or anybody else ) on any subject . i am never offended by it and take it as a manifestation of ability to think independently and having the courage of one ' s convictions . nobody has the monopoly on truth and nobody knows everything . the only way we can learn and avoid costly errors ( to ourselves and the company ) is by having open communication . in enron , facts are friendly . by the way , it was an excellent presentation . vince chonawee supatgiat @ enron 01 / 04 / 2001 03 : 10 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : sorry . hi vince , i am sorry for correcting on the revenue of the different auctions . vickrey 1961 showed that all 4 kinds of auctions would yield the same expected revenue to the auctioneer . ( dutch , english , first price - sealed bid , and second - price sealed bid . ) in fact , the selling price is equal to the valuation of the second highest bidder . for example , in vickrey auction , everyone bids at his own valuation . hence , the winner pays the valuation of the second highest bidder . in english auction , the second highest valuation bidder will stop competing if the price is above his valuation . hence , the winner also gets the item at the price of the second highest valuation bidder . thank you for attending the meeting and giving many helpful contributions . - chonawee 
2	Subject: at first i was hesistant , not anymorqg hi , we always strive for the most reasonable prlzes , and the hlghest level of customer satisfaction as a result , we are offering cia | is the " super - viagra " for 80 % less th - a - n anywhere else triy lt today and go into sexual overdrlve ! http : / / guzzling . net / cs / ? etechmedia qqcenn 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121712 . txt 
2	Subject: clean fuels - gpg business segment dwight and i are working to develop an updated valuation for the mtbe and methanol business segments . we would appreciate assistance from your group in assessing the market over the next 3 - 4 years . with the octane shortage this summer , and the strong gas and oil price environment , mtbe prices are well above budgeted levels . how will political / environmental issues affect mtbe prices over the next few years . methanol prices are also now very favorable , but it would seem that north american methanol producers will be disadvantaged if gas prices in na remain higher than the rest of the world . your thoughts on these and any other factors affecting prices would be most helpful . both dwight and i are available to meet with you or a member of your group as soon as convenient . thanks , sorry we missed you today . jng 
2	Subject: fw : 30 th floor after move i need the following . . . . . . . . assume we are in the new building and we have technical problems that force us out of the building either due to it connection issues or problems with the building itself ( ac , power , etc . ) . if we do have to leave the plan is to have the 30 th floor completely available in this building as a backup for both the gas and power side . obviously space is limited so what we will do is only bring the people that need to be in the building to get noms out and send the others home to handle business remotely . one approach is to take the edi pipes and have them go to the 30 th floor to ensure they have the support and quicker system then if they did their noms from home . using this approach , and considering the space constraint please give me the number of desks you will need on the 30 th floor . i ' m open to suggestions so if you have a different approach or some good ideas feel free to share them . i need this by friday 7 / 27 no later than noon . tks - bob - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hall , bob m sent : monday , july 23 , 2001 5 : 04 pm to : gossett , jeffrey c . ; superty , robert ; white , stacey w . cc : reeves , leslie subject : 30 th floor after move during the first six months after the move to the new building , it has recommended that the 30 th floor be maintained in case of any emergency . what we have to do is come up with the list of critical personnel . there will be very limited seating , these should be just the people to finish the day when ever that happens . let ' s get together tomorrow and discuss . thanks bob 
2	Subject: year - end performance feedback - let ' s do it right ! the performance evaluation process ( pep ) system is now open through friday , nov . 17 , for all employees to solicit and provide performance feedback . this process is powerful . . . if we provide meaningful feedback . management , when determining performance ratings , participating in prc meetings , and providing feedback to employees , depends on the comments received via pep . for the users of pep information to fully understand the employee  , s performance and the ratings identified , specific comments are needed to explain each rating , including the overall rating . it ' s most beneficial to describe specifically what the employee did and why their action was productive or why it needs improvement . comments on areas of strength as well as suggesting areas needing improvement are both important . just as each of us needs feedback and coaching to improve our skills in sports or other pursuits , we also need to know what and how we can improve our work skills and behaviors . we all benefit from constructive feedback . please actively participate in the year - end pep process and make your input meaningful . pep feedback tips : ? provide feedback when requested . ? rate only those skills and behaviors you have observed this year . ? provide specific comments with specific examples . ? indicate performance needs improvement when appropriate . some feedback examples : skill / behavior ineffective feedback improved feedback communication " jack communicates well . " " jack was called on to provide written updates for the ajax project and he clearly conveyed pertinent information that was easy to read , timely and suited for his audience . the accounting & finance management team commented on how his reports saved them time . " teamwork " sue  , s a poor team player . " " when we got to  + crunch  , time sending out year - end reports , sue chose to spend a day preparing her goals for next year , instead of pitching in and helping check figures and box up reports with everyone else . we missed the shipping deadline and our reports were received a day late . this impacted our customers and caused our team to miss an important goal . " innovation " jennifer comes up with great new ideas . " " from reading an article on data transmitting devices , jennifer identified a tool she thought could be utilized in our remote gas measurement applications . now implemented , the remote measurement device has saved us significant monies and time . " leadership " tom often displays inappropriate leadership skills . " " although tom closes big deals and contributes significantly to the success of ets , he lacks the ability to gain the support and commitment of others when dealing with support groups across departmental lines . for greater success , he should listen more and provide rationale for his ideas and directives . " technical " bill  , s technical skills are weak . " " on three occasions , bill misaligned columns or overlaid critical data when updating departmental , electronic spreadsheets . these errors caused more than 30 hours of rework and approximately 8 hours of overtime to fix the mistakes . " for additional information or assistance on providing performance feedback , please contact your hr rep or roger sumlin at 713 - 345 - 7967 . thanks , in advance , for your participation in this very important feedback process . 
2	Subject: rate approved at 3 . 25 hello , we tried contacting you awhile ago about your low interest morta ( ge rate . you have qualified for the lowest rate in years . you could get over $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! ba ( d credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! to get a free , no obli , gation consultation click below : best regards , lakeisha salas please r * mv http : / / www . . com / x / st . html  
2	Subject: message subject blomberg clemson catalyst act redhead find your medications without delay ! whatever you need , we have it ! quick and inexpensive ! all medications in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now lank lyra iliac licensable keep  
2	Subject: internal guest id and passowrd darren , you have been set up for an id and password for internal website access , at www . enrononline . com . your id and password is as follows : id : eol 76371 password : welcome ! please not that the id and password will need to be in all upper case . please feel free to contact me if you have any question or problems getting into the system . thanks tara x 34523 
2	Subject: drudgery expeditious hi , genierc and sepur viarga ( caiils ) available online ! most trusted online source ! cilais or ( spuer vagira ) takes affect right away lasts 24 - 36 huors ! for suepr vairga tocuh here genierc virgaa costs 60 % less ! save a lot of $ . for vigara tocuh here both products shipped discretely to your door not itnreseted debit desorption abyssinia katherine illusion arch macroprocessor couldn ' t rim insufficient hypocritical cavitate alkali monash fermium martyrdom buffet fondle numerous bartender keystone bologna bronchiole hash arizona fatal grape mouthful door dibble footpath courtier dexter him cytology hilbert hogan crusoe carlin booby instantiate blunder canon barrier gilligan fatty poem ernie absence f ' s airman doctrinal pollute horny dharma amphioxis merrymake cryptogram evoke mn flood palate aforethought presidential despite dearborn arrival caldwell artemisia brink dna detest dress governor bond pool armload federate plasmon booze cheesecloth blacken corpora grapefruit biochemic christopher mormon jowly holiday ashen eventful ate shockley cameramen shiloh brook appleby abc leasehold inlet injunct conserve resistor dianne alexis cent dare mulatto culpa junk cavalry oilseed contrite lubell delirious helpmate mink girl airspeed caper different discriminate determinate nag broken lumber convect gaussian confect scuba henri hydronium grapefruit objectify flagler fervent paratroop doltish aptitude antithetic bevy shipbuilding perfect incendiary diploidy fletcher crosby portrait inactivate grayson em jury cautious aboriginal fargo fibonacci dartmouth applique drill awkward beggary hilltop antietam excursus dunkirk groggy ajar expository emmett coachwork external mcpherson medial drew poop moron mantrap buddhism firm angola coagulable forbes adsorption bauble dance deign daddy reconnaissance jowl easel hertzog antic obnoxious evensong craw elisha footstool catalpa artifice delicacy oblong sheet mason sicken april charlotte ga lookup pantry prurient sag doctrinaire admonish fed bridgewater additional immense shunt dummy contribution antelope aloof hardin kerosene mediocre cantle badland frontiersman chinaman adriatic follow droll injure commensurable beatrice sforzando residual pediatric eye profundity averred magnanimity blackwell dwarves firestone chieftain babysit he diploidy 
2	Subject: final guest list & rooming list attached for your reference and review is the final guest list with activities , as well as the rooming list . i will be sending both our customers and employees a confirmation of this weekend ' s itinerary , today . if you have any questions or need me to make any changes , please let me know . thank you , heather choate , c . p . s . asst . to bob hall enron americas 
2	Subject: trade counts by 8 : 30 am hi louise - the dates go from latest to earliest now . i think it ' s easier to read that way on your blackberry . - - jay trade date trade cnt 11 / 6 / 2001 2504 11 / 5 / 2001 2340 11 / 4 / 2001 7 11 / 3 / 2001 18 11 / 2 / 2001 2288 11 / 1 / 2001 2484 10 / 31 / 2001 2374 10 / 30 / 2001 2021 10 / 29 / 2001 2259 10 / 27 / 2001 7 10 / 26 / 2001 2395 10 / 25 / 2001 2875 10 / 24 / 2001 2292 10 / 23 / 2001 2637 10 / 22 / 2001 2303 10 / 21 / 2001 15 10 / 20 / 2001 1 10 / 19 / 2001 2624 10 / 18 / 2001 2192 10 / 17 / 2001 2313 10 / 16 / 2001 2101 10 / 15 / 2001 1710 10 / 14 / 2001 8 10 / 13 / 2001 7 10 / 12 / 2001 1906 10 / 11 / 2001 1999 10 / 10 / 2001 1786 10 / 9 / 2001 1853 10 / 8 / 2001 1824 10 / 7 / 2001 3 10 / 6 / 2001 5 10 / 5 / 2001 1939 10 / 4 / 2001 2365 10 / 3 / 2001 1935 10 / 2 / 2001 1641 10 / 1 / 2001 1876 
2	Subject: fw : netco presentation - - - - - original message - - - - - from : moore , mary kay sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 4 : 15 pm to : hodges , georgeanne subject : netco presentation 
2	Subject: hello ! good day . adiu 
2	Subject: proposed changes to business practices based on the california energy crisis over the past several months , we have reviewed in detail our trading contracts and the companies through which we conduct our trading business in california . in order to reduce enron ' s non - market risks ( e . g . legal , credit and regulatory ) in the volatile commodity markets in california or any " future california " , we propose the following changes : 1 . mandatory uniform set - off provisions in all trading contracts for all commodities - - set - off language varies commodity by commodity in trading contracts . set - off is one of the most critical tools available to enron in a major default situation and it is critical to have set - off language and to have it be uniform commodity to commodity so that enron can get the best advantage from set - off and not just the least common denominator . 2 . master netting agreements for appropriate counterparties with multiple masters with significant opposite exposures - - where it is necessary to have multiple masters with a counterparty , a " bridge " should be put in place between the masters whenever there is significant opposite exposures under the two or more masters . 3 . merge epmi into ena - - power trades are done through epmi . merging epmi into ena and conducting power trades through ena is much more efficient from both a credit and legal point of view . 4 . no automatic termination for a bankruptcy event - - in the pge / sce situation , it should be the non - defaulting party ' s ( enron in this case ) option to terminate rather than an automatic termination on " inability to pay debts as they become due " . let me know if you have any other proposed changes to our trading contracts or entities through which we conduct our trading . i believe these changes will ( i ) improve efficiency , ( ii ) reduce risks , ( iii ) develop the opportunity to do more business with certain counterparties and ( iv ) substantially improve enron ' s position in the next california type market . the long range goal is to conduct as much as possible of the trading business through a single entity and a single or limited number of standardized agreements . 
2	Subject: lft form changes there were some modifications to the lft form i sent earlier . this was re - posted 2 / 2 / 01 
2	Subject: banner life upgraded to a + + effective february 8 , 2002 banner extended conversion privileges on opterm and potomac term . conversion on these products is now available for the duration of the guaranteed level premium period , or up to attained age 70 , whichever comes first . ( this includes the opterm 30 ! ) these 2 positive changes make banner life an industry leader in the term market . if you ' d like to see for yourself just how competitive they are . . . for broker and broker dealer use only - not for use with the general public . products not available in all states . this is a general account non - variable product * we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive them . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: re : enron cover letter & resume for dave gershenson vince , thanks for your very prompt email response . i passed your message along to dave . thanks also for a great dinner and day of meetings last week . i really enjoyed the chance to learn more about enron , and was very impressed with everyone i met . look forward to working with you these next few months ! ! cheers , vincent - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , january 17 , 2001 2 : 39 pm to : chenvinc @ wharton . upenn . edu cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : enron cover letter & resume for dave gershenson vincent , i have forwarded the resume to our analysts / associate pool with a recommendation to accept david as a summer intern . i expressed interest in taking him into my group . he may , of course , work for a different unit of enron . it ' s up to him and i shall not be offended if he would like to go into trading or deal origination . vince 
2	Subject: important service pack 2 update - january 11 th laptop magazine : digital review results after a full comparison of the various retailers , our winner is : wlndows x ' p - 50 doiiar ( 150 doiiar less ) please 0 , r . d . e , r here awful championpanoply deepen amoebaantenna hrothgar befallwindbag folksy presumedcrossbill christen songbagbronchus surprise backfillalliterate mullein tycoonelastomer dihedral loebimaginary cruelty aurorahyades 
2	Subject: a wedding consulting business of your own do you know what a wedding consultant is ? maybe it ' s something you ' ve always thought about doing , but didn ' t know where to start , how to start , when to start . or even if an opportunity like this existed . it does ! and a touch of class would like you to invite you to be a part of it . wedding consulting isn ' t wedding planning . it ' s a fun , exciting , rewarding , and high - paying job that lets you use your creativity to be a part of the happiest day of people ' s lives . our wedding consultants help oversee some of the important details necessary to create the wedding of their client ' s dreams , focusing on just a few key pieces of a wedding : coordinating stationary , favors , gifts , personalized websites , and other creative additions to make weddings just a little more special , personal , and memorable . a touch of class wedding consulting provides a new and exciting opportunity for you to take a bold step for yourself , and serve the needs of many others in the process . a touch of class is an established and successful wedding consulting business . our consultants provide thoughtful touches , creative advice , event expertise , and quality products to add special value to a most special day , all through our network of vendors and suppliers . we provide everything they need to do their job and to do it well , with end to end support , training , administration , sales , and relationship building . now , a touch of class is creating a national network of wedding consultants . it ' s an exciting opportunity . perhaps it ' s the right opportunity for you . to learn more about our program , and about being a wedding consultant , click below to view our brief program overview . click here for program overview presentation the need for professional wedding consultants has grown tremendously . with more than two - - and - a - half million weddings and almost seventy billion dollars spent on weddings last year alone , there are more opportunities for wedding consultants than ever before . after you ' ve had a chance to view our presentation , if you feel this is something that ' s right for you , then call or email me to get started , and we can schedule a time to discuss the program together in greater detail . sincerely yours , nicole nicole wilder president a touch of class wedding consulting t : 800 - 870 - 0029 ext . 5101 f : 203 . 924 . 0634 email : nicole . wilder @ atocweddings . com web : www . atocweddings . com a touch of class 223 canal st . shelton , ct 06484 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: finest online drugs here atop elliott wapiti kodachrome bystander find your medications without delay ! whatever you need , we have it ! quick and inexpensive ! all medications in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now foible pegging dome bookshelf stannous  
2	Subject: new invoice for energy and weather vince , ? please find attached a replacement invoice for invoice number 215 . ? this invoice includes the correction in charges for the weather course , and for only one attendee for the energy derivatives course . ? if you should have any questions , please contact me . ? sincerely , julie - enron 283 _ 9 _ 04 _ 01 . doc 
2	Subject: naturally irresistible your corporate identity lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suggestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstanding webslte wiil make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a iogo your company will automatically become a worid leader : it isguite ciear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : biz , the momentum investor report domingo hurst , sequoia interests trading symbol sqnc pk what if a company had a product that would allow oil wells to produce much more oil ? what would that stock be worth with todays oil prices close to 50 usd per barrel ? 10 , 20 , 30 , 100 usd ? and now several of the major oil companies are currently testing the product . at 0 . 50 we think sqnc is a homerun . to solve this problem , the oil industry is looking for new alternatives for increased exploration and production . the clear solution for increased demand and consumption can already be found in the ground , with nearly two thirds of oil left in the ground at us wells , too technically complex or expensive to extract with traditional technologies . enhanced oil recovery , eor , is an exciting new frontier in the oil and gas industry which you are going to hear more of in the coming years . sqncs innovative new product , diamondflo , could be at the forefront of this frontier . sqnc has strong interest from major oil and gas companies for testing and potential licensing of this product , and is in the final stages of the research and development of diamondflo . with testing expected to be completed in the next 60 to 90 days , and planned patent application shortly thereafter , announcements from sqnc could cause price gains for this stock over the coming months . what is more , diamondflos unique chemical properties , make it an ideal solution for a number of other application in the oil and gas industry , including remediation and environmental cleanup of oil fields , refineries , and storage facilities ; an estimated 8 . 1 billion market . with this revolutionary product in the development pipeline , sqnc has also made some aggressive moves into oil and gas production with its recent acquisition of leases in pecos valley , texas . these operations will act as a testbed for development and validation of the diamondflo product and could provide an additional revenue stream and source of cash flow for sqnc . with the commercialization of its diamondflo product looming near , we feel that it is only a matter of time before wall street recognizes this stock . what is more , sqnc is positioned within an industry that has seen tremendous upside growth , and is headed for even more appreciation as the global oil crisis demands new production solutions . over the last twelve months , the oil well services and equipment industry has seen an average price gain of more than 88 percent , and savvy investors in emerging companies have witnessed tremendous profits . we believe that sqnc is one of the most revolutionary new companies on the market . with major announcements stemming from the completion of r and d on diamondflo , do you think sqnc could make a nice move in the coming day ? . a few reasons to own sqnc . 1 . with its innovative diamondflo product , sqnc is positioned to help alleviate the impending oil and gas crisis , with producers struggling to keep up with growing us energy demands , as foreign exploration and production comes under increasing geopolitical pressures . increased consumption demands have combined with an increasingly unstable international production climate to create some of the highest prices seen at the pump since the 1970 s oil embargo , and crude oil prices on the spot market have recently approached the 50 usd mark . as oil companies seek new ways to maximize domestic oil recovery , the chemical eor approach of sqnc will be a major factor in increasing production and removing dependence on foreign oil . 2 . enhanced oil recovery , eor , represents the logical next step in expanding domestic oil production , and represents a tremendous and presently underappreciated market potential . over two thirds of oil in us reservoirs is left unproduced after primary and secondary production , leaving an incredible and untapped source for us energy needs . according to the us department of energy , eor has the potential to recover 35 billion barrels of oil , 50 percent more than the current us proven reserves of 23 billion barrels , and even greater than the us estimated undiscovered potential of 30 billion barrels . with its diamondflo chemical eor solution , sqnc could be ideally positioned to benefit from a renewed focus on production from these untapped oil reserves . 3 . sqnc has developed a revolutionary chemical eor product , diamondflo which offers tremendous advantages over thermal and gas eor methods . thermal and gas , primarily co 2 injection to stimulate production are costly and require a complex infrastructure , while other chemical eor products have had limited success and are environmentally damaging . by contrast , diamondflo is expected to generate recovery of 20 to 40 percent above current methods , is environmentally safe and meets strict regulatory standards for oil recovery and remediation , and will be available to producers at a comparable price point to competitive products . with introduction of diamondflo to the market following completion of testing and development , sqnc could revolutionize the oil and gas industry with this innovative approach to enhanced oil recovery . 4 . in addition to its principal application in eor , sqncs diamondflo product has additional applications in the 8 . 1 billion oil and gas remediation market . during the testing process , diamondflo has demonstrated exceptional remediation properties , with static remediation tests determining that it removed more than 80 percent of hydrocarbons from soil with no significant hydrocarbon emulsion , mixing of oil and water . this discovery paves the way for eventual application in environmental cleanup of oil facilities or spills , and opens up a tremendous new market for sqnc . since 1992 , the american petroleum industry estimates that over 90 billion has been spent by the oil and gas industry to protect the environment , with 8 . 1 billion spent annually in environmental expenditures . this publication is an independent publication with the goal of giving investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and profitable investment decisions . use of the material within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance of the terms in this closing statement . this publication does not provide an analysis of the companys financial position and is not an solicitation to purchase or sell securities investing in securities is speculative and carries risk . it is advisable that any investment should be made after consulting with your investment expert and after reviewing the financial statements of the company . the information in this report is believed to be reliable , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not insure similar future results . this is not purported to be a complete and thorough analysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete review of the company ' s regulatory filings at secgov the information herein contains future looking statements and information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected continual growth of the featured company . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifty nine thousand five hundred dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate shareholder of the company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company web sites , sec filings and company press releases . this information is believed to be reliable but can make no absolute certainty as to its accuracy or completeness . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors may include an accumulated deficit since its inception , a negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers , directors and a majority shareholder to pay expenses , nominal cash and the need to raise capital . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor . hackberry shawl arlen demarcate biography face slacken hygroscopic crematory pilferage billet muezzin object carborundum io suspense chianti lsi vapid adolphus tiber bluefish butadiene microjoule bookkeep appleton . 
2	Subject: fw : government affairs organization announcement fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dernehl , ginger sent : friday , november 16 , 2001 2 : 45 pm to : shapiro , richard subject : government affairs organization announcement with the announcement of enron ' s acquisition by dynegy behind us , and with the initial severance process completed , it seemed an appropriate time to effect some organizational changes so that we as a group are better prepared to meet the challenges of the future . before i turn to the organizational changes , i would like to say a few words about those who will be leaving the company as a result of the initial severance ( you ' ll know who they are by their absence on the organizational chart ) : leading and being a part of this group has been a privilege ? i am thankful for every day that i have had that responsibility and thankful for however long i continue to have the responsibility . this sense of privilege and thankfulness is primarily driven by having had the opportunity to get to know and care about such a dedicated group of professionals and support staff and who , to a person , are also very decent and good people . to say good - bye to some of our colleagues is not easy . i want to , on behalf of all of us , thank them for their hard work , their integrity , their decency , and the good times and laughter that we shared . i trust that many of us will find ways to sustain friendships that have been and will continue to be very special . thanks to each of you who are leaving for all you have done . as to the organizational structure , it has become increasingly apparent to me that the existing organization , with a mix of groups organized along functional and regional lines ( particularly within the u . s . ) , has impeded our ability to get things done in the most efficient fashion at times . the need to rationalize the organizational structure , in order to consolidate all u . s . energy functions , is a strong need from my perspective . as a result , jim steffes will lead the u . s . energy group along with sue nord , who will jointly report to jim and myself . sue will assist jim in the leadership of the group and take on project management responsibilities as warranted to help jim shoulder a significant burden . also reporting to jim will be a leadership group for u . s . energy that will be as follows : wholesale electricity will be led by christi nicolay ; retail electricity and natural gas will be led by harry kingerski ; wholesale gas will be led by leslie lawner . last , but not least , jeff dasovich and sue mara , who will continue to focus on california energy issues , will report to jim . ( sue mara will also be part of the wholesale electricity team ) . steve montovano , who will continue to report to me , will lead a commercial development effort along with dan allegretti . with the elimination of the regional groups , i also recognize that there is a need to continue to focus on how we as a group address our political / legislative needs across the u . s . paul kaufman will lead a small group that will address that need and that will focus on state political support . paul will also take the lead for government affairs in support of corporate development efforts across the u . s . much of the rest of the group remains the same . linda robertson will continue to lead the washington group with sarah novosel , who reports to linda , taking the lead role in our coordination of activities at ferc . amr ibrahim will continue to lead the support of the global assets group and also continue to manage the risk analytics function . maggy huson will take over support of the non - energy business units , which are as follows : global markets , industrial markets , networks , and broadband . rob hemstock will continue to lead the support of enron canada . paul dawson , who heads up government affairs for europe ; sergio assad , who heads up government affairs for south america ; and mike grimes and mark crowther , who head up our asian efforts , will continue to jointly report to the business units and myself . i am also forming a north american leadership group for government affairs to provide policy guidance for the larger group and the company . that committee will consist of rob hemstock , maggy huson , amr ibrahim , paul kaufman , harry kingerski , leslie lawner , steve montovano , christi nicolay , sue nord , sarah novosel , linda robertson , jim steffes and myself . we will also continue to have an rcr committee that will consist of maggy huson , harry kingerski , sue nord , linda robertson , jim steffes & myself . finally , i am forming a dynegy / enron regulatory approvals working group that will consist of jose bestard , paul dawson , paul kaufman , sue nord , sarah novosel and myself . no organizational structure or set of organizational changes is either perfect or permanent . i believe these changes will make us better and more prepared for the future . however , we must be prepared to further adjust as the future unfolds for the company . one final note : i am deeply sorry that each of you has had to live through this uncertain and troubled period for the company . we are all saddened by the recognition that we are in the midst of changes that will leave our group fundamentally altered , but we must resolve to do our best for each other and ourselves during this period of change to ensure that what emerges , for those of us who do remain a part of the new dynegy , reflects the excellence and integrity that has characterized our group . personally , i will do all i can , for as long as i can , to steer the group through this to the very best place possible . your continued dedication and support is very much appreciated . hang in there and thanks . 
2	Subject: [ master ] 68 % - off vicodin . bluer presiding senses tolerances crushable conceptualized flowered rewire chastisers fallacies distinguishes adders rebellions curse piker linen phasing insinuate funds saloon arbitrarily angels serpentine burr farthest deniable photographing clarified codewords styled disconcert palindromic hyphens suitableness - - phone : 998 - 771 - 9070 mobile : 548 - 532 - 2266 email : bootstrapping @ stockracer . com  
2	Subject: re : referral can you advise as to whether or not li xiao referred alex to you last summer . i need to know this in order to process an employee referral ( under old plan ) for her . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by linda vargo / hou / ect on 02 / 14 / 2000 02 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - li xiao @ enron 02 / 14 / 2000 11 : 19 am to : linda vargo / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : referral hi , linda , i wonder if you heard from vince kaminski regarding my referral for alex huang . thanks , li x 39635 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by li xiao / corp / enron on 02 / 14 / 2000 11 : 12 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - linda vargo @ ect 01 / 17 / 2000 04 : 29 pm to : li xiao / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : subject : re : referral i am waiting for feedback from vince kaminsky . as soon as i know something , i will advise . 
2	Subject: zdrive 1 . 5 gb usb 2 . 0 portable storage @ $ 138 . 00 zdrive 1 . 5 gb usb 2 . 0 portable storage 1 . 5 gb zdriveusb 2 . 0 $ 138 . 00 - usb 2 . 0 interface - 1 . 5 gb storage capacity - 4 mbps media transfer rate - 40 mbps transfer speed ( read / write ) - usb plug rotates 90 - degrees for easy use - plug and play - bus - powered - pc and macintosh compatible - small , portable design fits in your pocket the 1 . 5 gb zdrive is a high - capacity , low - cost , durable usb 2 . 0 storage device that enables your customers to carry 30 cds worth of mp 3 music , two hours of vhs - quality mpeg digital video , 650 4 megapixel digital camera images or store up to 1 , 000 floppy disks worth of information ! users can now easily carry data wherever they go and plug the storage device into any computer , or any other usb - compliant device , allowing ample bandwidth for multimedia and storage applications . visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: new sexy cartoon images how ' s yourslfe ? best pron cartoon sluts fun can be the dreesst of our lives but neevr its main coures . ideas lose tmevehlses as quickly as quail , and one must wing them the minute they rise out of the grass , or they are geno . i have an exisetntial map it has you are hree writetn all over it . bis later 9 overthrowing f 4 g hiwnasciaotchaw 
2	Subject: north american gas strategies conference what effect will abundant hydro power have on the gas market ? find out at ziff energy group ' s north american gas strategies conference april 15 & 16 - houston to download a brochure or register , please visit www . . com or call 1 - 800 - 853 - 6252 . speakers : day 1 - gas industry outlook & overview key transportation challenges for the decade : keynote address : steven j . malcolm , president & ceo - williams changes across canada : hal kvisle , president & ceo - transcanada pipelines bridging the north : e . j . ( jay ) holm , ceo , eastern pipeline group - el paso corp . coast - to - coast expansion : thomas o ' connor , sr . vp , mktg & capacity trading - duke energy gas transmission a view from the north : stephen j . wuori , group vp , planning & dev . - enbridge inc . western canadian supply outlook : david j . boone , exec . vp & coo - pancanadian energy u . s . gas supply outlook : tim holt , vp , onshore us - bp price outlook & impact keynote address : matt schatzman , president & ceo , energy convergence - dynegy utility / power perspective - us : richard thatcher , sr . energy consultant - dominion utility / power perspective - canada : bernard otis , gm , natural gas sector - hydro - quebec industrial consumer perspective : lee gooch , vp , natural gas , pcs nitrogen & chairman , pgcg us producer ' s perspective : aubrey mcclendon , chairman & ceo - chesapeake energy corp . day 2 - expanding gas for north america north american integrated energy policy - a new government perspective canada ' s role in the new decade : the honourable murray smith , minister of energy - province of alberta us perspective : national & continental policies : senator frank murkowski ( rep . - alaska ) ( invited ) mexico ' s perspective : senior gov . representative , tba new sources in the new decade new scotian shelf prospect : andy houser , vp , international operations deepwater - kerr - mcgee tim nesler , senior vp , commercialization & dev . , marathon international petroleum coal seam : joseph n . jaggers , vp expl . & prod . - williams exploration & production new north american supply focus north american lng development : kyle sawyer , vp - el paso global lng prospects for the canadian north : graeme phipps , vp . expl . & int ' l - petro - canada outlook for alaska exploration - robert j . lunn , manager , exploration , gulf of mexico & alaska - anadarko gulf coast lng : keith meyer , vp , business development , lng duke energy ; el paso ; enbridge ; transcanada pipelines , veco partners : hpdi ; nesa , nickle ' s daily oil bulletin ; pipeline tibco , upstream info ; world petroleum congress ; zettaworks . if you have already registered for this conference , or would like to be removed from the mailing list , please reply to this email and type unsubscribe in the subject line . 
2	Subject: fw : turning off the gas - cera alert update from cera - - - - - original message - - - - - from : webmaster @ cera . com @ enron sent : thursday , february 01 , 2001 9 : 08 pm to : insights @ cera . com subject : turning off the gas - cera alert title : turning off the gas url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 & m  2238 storage withdrawals have slowed markedly in recent weeks , attributable to both losses of demand and warm weather . cera estimates that storage withdrawals for january have averaged approximately 18 . 0 billion cubic feet ( bcf ) per day . * end - of - winter inventories are expected to be near 600 bcf . * prices must remain high to keep demand off of the market . * there is still potential for weather - related volatility . * * end * * follow above url for full report . come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001 , " shooting the rapids : strategies and risks for the energy future " in houston , february 12 - 16 , 2001 ! for more information and to register , please visit http : / / www 20 . cera . com / ceraweek / e - mail category : alert cera knowledge area ( s ) : north american gas , to make changes to your cera . com account go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: net out with kinder morgan - beginning march 21 st megan / kim - - - please make a note that we did a deal with kinder morgan that nets out and should not be billed or paid . the purchase deal ticket is 682244 @ hardy st . # 980068 & and the sale is 682229 @ mobil beaumont # 981040 for a volume of 30 . 000 mmbtu . let me know if you have any questions . thanks , mark x 33396 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011411 . txt 
2	Subject: m lokay expense report - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin hyatt / et & s / enron on 11 / 06 / 2000 09 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron energy services from : michelle lokay 11 / 03 / 2000 04 : 13 pm to : kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : expense report please review and approve . thanks ! 
2	Subject: fw : trader presentation - afternoon of thursday feb 7 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lisa . feld @ ubsw . com @ enron sent : wednesday , february 06 , 2002 2 : 01 pm cc : gil , mercy ; brackett , debbie r . ; tammie . j . schoppe @ ny 5 p 3210 . nyc . swissbank . com subject : re : trader presentation - afternoon of thursday feb 7 tammie , i am sorry but there will be some more changes to the presentation - i am waiting for a slide or two from wendy . if you can hold off on the the printing of the presentation until tomorrow am first thing , that would be great . otherwise - we will make due . my appologies but many cooks in the pot on this one , lisa _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ reply separator _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ subject : trader presentation - afternoon of thursday feb 7 author : lisa feld at i - am , f , newyork , ubs - usa date : 2 / 6 / 02 9 : 49 am tammie - can you kindly confirm details of where , when , # of sessions if greater than one , for this presentation . i understand you are the person louise had designated to help us coordinate the presentation / training . it will be a powerpoint presentation that we need your assistance ensuring can be projected as well ensuring the traders / business have adequate number of copies of hand out material . attached is the presentation . hand outs that we require your assistance in handling is : - presentation print out - mercy gil to supply you with a printed list of contact names phone and cell phones by end of day today - wendy bannerman clarke to supply the day 1 policy ( even if still a draft ) as well as the discipline and sanction policy by end of day today . tammie - if you can get all the hand outs in 1 pack that would be great but it is not required . please speak with debbie brackett if you have any questions , issues , etc and we thank you very much in advance for your assistance . looking forward to meeting you , lisa feld crc americas visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: pleo 0004 2000 daren , when i look back in cpr for the delivery periods of 10 / 00 - 12 / 00 on cpr pipeline exchange , i do not see anything being flashed as an imbalance , i . e . the buys and sales always equal in cpr . however , we are booking an imbalance every month on the parking and lending contract . should there be something in cpr for these volumes ? let me know because it is causing an oa variance for us . thanks ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rita wynne / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 12 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : thu t nguyen 04 / 24 / 2001 12 : 14 pm to : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : pleo 0004 2000 imbalances : oct 26687 nov - 44177 dec - 9248 
2	Subject: deutsche postbank ag sehr geehrte kundin , sehr geehrter kunde , die unserer bank hat beschlossen , ein neues datenschutzssystem zu entwickeln . da zur zeit die betr?gereien mit den bankkonten von unseren kundschaften ?fters geworden sind , sind wir gezwungen , eine zus?tzliche autorisation von den konten unserer bankkunden vorzunehmen . von unseren spezialisten wurden sowohl die protokolle der , als auch die methoden der kodierung der ?bertragenen daten neu gestaltet . auf grund dessen , bitten wir unsere kunden inst?ndig , eine spezielle form der zus?tzlichen autorisation auszuf?llen diese schutzma?nahmen wurden nur zur sicherheit der interessen unserer kunden eingesetzt . danke f?r ihr verst?ndnis , mit freundlichen gr??en , administration der deutsche postbank ag © 2004 deutsche postbank ag  
2	Subject: attached please find the proposed electronic trading agreement and password application for netco . i have included a clean copy of each document as well as a red - lined copy marked against the version sent to mark taylor by dave and carl . you will note that i have made a number of changes to the original eol documents . 1 . the password application . the password application contains no substantive changes . i advise that we retain the original description of the website as a platform for the " purchase and sale of products and instruments based on energy products or other commodities ( including derivative products ) " . the description is sufficiently broad to cover any potential expansion beyond the original gas and power products , as well as third party product offerings . after a brief discussion regarding the auction platform with louise , i revised the pa to reinsert references to the auction . 2 . the electronic trading agreement . there are numerous revisions and additions to the eta . i outline below a few of the key changes requiring your consideration : a . i added a sentence at the end of section 1 to make clear that in the event the eta conflicted with any other agreement between the parties , including any terms posted on the website , the eta controls . b . i added a new section 2 ( h ) to address counterparty content posted on any public area of the website . to the extent that we anticipate such a capability in the future , it may be a good idea to include such a provision . if we do include this section , do we want to limit our license of the content to use on the website and related materials , as proposed here ? if you do not want to include such a limitation , we can add the word " worldwide " to the first sentence before the word " royalty - free " and delete the balance of the final sentence after the phrase " not distorted by displaying only a part ) " . c . i revised section 3 ( e ) to clarify that netco is not required to send written confirmations of on - line transactions and to provide that electronic records are admissible as evidence of the transaction . the last sentence of the section is intended to make clear that to the extent the master agreement requires a written confirmation , such master agreement controls , provided that the failure to send a confirmation will not invalidate the transaction . d . i added a new section 4 to address transactions posted by unaffiliated third parties . ( this issue was already covered in the last paragraph of the original pa . ) e . i revised section 5 ( a ) to clarify that netco is not liable for any direct damages and to expressly cap its damages to amounts paid by counterparty for accessing the website . f . i revised section 5 ( b ) and ( c ) in response to issues raised by many counterparties when i negotiated eol eta issues . g . section 6 ( a ) has been revised to expressly provide that confidential information excludes counterparty identifying information , as well as transactional or biographical information in statistical form . please let me know if you disagree with the scope of this exclusion . if you don ' t want to exclude counterpary identifying information , we can merely delete the phrase " the identification of counterpartt as a user of the website and shall also exclude " . i added a 1 - year term following expiration of the eta to the confidentiality obligation in section 6 ( d ) , reasoning that most of the confidential information protected by this section belongs to the counterparty , not netco , and thus desiring some cut off point for our obligation to maintain confidentiality . a number of our counterparties enter into transaction by and through service companies or agents . i have prepared a revised password application , side letter to the eta , and consent and acknowledgment form to be utilized by such counterparties and attach these documents below for your review and reference as well . please give me a call with any questions or comments . regards , leslie ( 713 ) 853 - 6121 ( o ) ( 713 ) 256 - 0572 ( cell ) ( 713 ) 528 - 5215 ( home ) 
2	Subject: top - level logo and business identity corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you will see severai logo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it wiii meet your needs and fit your business . flexibie discounts : loqo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! 
2	Subject: rates just got better , on a new website good day sir , you are fortunate to receive this email . $ 390 , 000 for only $ 225 / month ! all types of ' cr . edit ' histories are welcome ! check below : http : / / thisonlyis . info do not miss our once in a life time re - finance quote . that farmer is not missing reading . . does joe hate laughing over there ? . thank you , nadia pilger 
2	Subject: fw : " no tag , no flow " fyi . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : holden - baker , susan - tms - ditt 2 sent : friday , may 18 , 2001 2 : 55 pm to : hoffman , lorie s - tms - dittl ; buchanan , shepard - tms - dittl ; arnold , paul f - to - ditt 2 ; meyer , charles - tm - ditt 2 ; bennett , ruth - tm - dittl cc : real time - tms ; mcneil - keister , jean - tms ; haines , richard - tm - ditt 2 ; oliver , laura l - tms - dittl subject : fw : " no tag , no flow " for your information - the letter written by the wscc isas subcommittee earlier this week while meeting in albequrque , new mexico . in addition , the ciso representative delivered a prepared statment from their top management that the ciso real time sceduleing would not be ready to implement real time notag / no flow until october 1 , 2001 , the date they anticpate their automation to be completed . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hackney , mark w ( z 39911 ) [ mailto : mark . hackney @ aps . com ] sent : friday , may 18 , 2001 2 : 16 pm to : interchange scheduling & accounting subcommittee ( isas ) subject : " no tag , no flow " leroy attached is a letter regarding the subcommittee ' s recommendation on the implementation of " no tag , no flow " . > mark w . hackney section leader pre and real - time transmission scheduling aps oatt administration arizona public service company 602 . 250 . 1128 - office 602 . 908 . 1423 - cell 602 . 250 . 1155 - fax mailto : mark . hackney @ aps . com - oc _ chair _ ltr _ noflow . doc 
2	Subject: confirmations just talked to steve jackson at aep and it looks like they may want to use decaf to do intramonth confirmations . we will have to come up with a way to confirm just certain deals and not all deals . i will add to the meeting for next week . thanks bob 
2	Subject: i know the face , but . . . well well well ! elanyi he the english laws punish vice the chinese laws do more , they reward virtue . better build schoolrooms for ' ' the boy , ' ' than cells and gibbets for ' ' the man . ' ' all concord ' s born of contraries . oh , what a bitter thing it is to look into happiness through another man ' s eyes . one who has imagination without learning has wings without feet . to lead people walk behind them . real life seems to have no plots . an effective human being is a whole that is greater than the sum of its parts . egotism is the source and summary of all faults and miseries . talk well of your friends and of your enemies say nothing . hope has a good memory , gratitude a bad one . nobody told me how hard and lonely change is . in the world of the celebrity , the hierarchy of publicity has replaced the hierarchy of descent and even of great wealth . some people have just enough imagination to spoil their judgment . if i were two - faced , would i be wearing this one ? we cannot direct the wind but we can adjust the sails . an argument is like a country road , you never know where it is going to lead . no great advance has ever been made in science , politics , or religion , without controversy . 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe liiustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , florentina  
2	Subject: new update defenitions - january 19 h upgrade your p . c off ! ce x ' p pro 2 oo 2 . 6 o dollars stocks are running out ! : http : / / dadaist . the - best - oem - cd . biz we also have : - adobe photoshop - adobe iilustrator 10 - adobe iliustrator lo the offer is vaiid until | march 14 th stock is limited check out your details elsie navarro principal unitechem co . , ltd , tianjin 300457 , china phone : 891 - 921 - 5183 mobile : 347 - 114 - 8298 email : zworxrfyzwwtz @ doramail . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this freeware is a 42 year trial shareware notes : the contents of this paper is for information and should not be specie lousy cobalt divergent registrable time : tue , 01 mar 2005 11 : 19 : 12 - 0500  
2	Subject: na trade counts - nov 15 na gas and power had their best days since last wednesday . 
2	Subject: re : shut - in of meter 989842 i have a letter i can send on this one cheryl . mike please forward gpk to me . cheryl dudley 04 / 19 / 2001 07 : 26 am to : shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect , michael w morris / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / enron @ enronxgate , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect cc : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : shut - in of meter 989842 i need help on this one . i spoke to gary shortly after he sent this e - mail the other day . i wasn ' t sure what to say in the letter regarding how long they would be shut in - - is there some repair that needs to be done to remedy the situation ? are we ever going to take the gas again ? should i tell them that it will remain shut in until the gas meets our specs ? at gary ' s suggestion , i called mike morris & left a message , but haven ' t heard back from him . therefore , i am sending this e - mail to see if anyone else can give me some advise on the contents of the notification letter that i need to send out . thanks in advance for any help that you can give me . enron north america corp . from : gary a hanks 04 / 16 / 2001 03 : 51 pm to : cheryl dudley / hou / ect @ ect , shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect , michael w morris / hou / ect @ ect cc : james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / enron @ enronxgate , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect subject : shut - in of meter 989842 meter 0989842 tri - c resources gov . daniel was shut in at approximately 12 : 00 pm on friday april 13 . the producer was shut in due to high hydrocarbon dew point . if you have any questions please call me at 3 . 6449 . thanks gary hanks  
2	Subject: employment agreement mark - your current agreements has now expired ( dated 6 / 21 and not signed until 7 / 9 - only good for 14 days ) . in addition , you did not sign all the necessary places - each document requires 2 signatures ( pg 6 and pg 7 ) - you only signed page 7 on both . i have re - printed 2 executable copies and have left them in your mailbox . please sign both on pg 6 and 7 and return both to me asap . i would like to have this finalized by the end of the week . if you have any questions , please let me know . thanks - amy 
2	Subject: holiday invitation please click on the attached link to launch your holiday party invitation . http : / / invitation . enron . com please direct any questions to dorie hitchcock via email . 
