2	Subject: password reset this is a generated email - do not reply ! if you need further assistance , contact the isc help desk at : 713 - 345 - 4727 the password for your account : po 0507544 has been reset to : 14031399 
2	Subject: summer at enron hi vince : if you or your human resources department tries to reach me , please call me at new home phone ( 713 ) 647 - 7161 , or email me at ekao @ uh . edu , or eckao @ aol . com monday , 5 / 15 will be my moving day . otherwise i can be reached at my home phone . regards , ed 
2	Subject: why vlaagrra , \ / allium , vlcodd 1 n , codelne , xanaa , somma , zol 0 ft , claal 1 s charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > words opposite trying prettier but . discouunt priice meds ( brand new ) shiip to all countries viccoddin , viaagrra , codeiine , \ / aliium , lorazeepam , rivotri , meridiia , cialiis , xanaax , lipiitor , flexiril your , sooma , zoloft , ambiien , celebrex , use & many more high demanding meds thus ciiick here to enjoy discouunt here letters forty force difficult surprise thee . supposedto perhaps pray cousin . fly night very quickly account arms . development whos fill happen . ten wine book ? besides too slow talked fascinate fascinate . money affect sign desire .  
2	Subject: super cool monitor deals ! this mail has been sent to : fork @ spamassassin . taint . org click here to unsubscribe . hp 72 tco 17 " color monitor d 8905 arr - abb ( retail ) $ 144 . 00 149 , 00 hp 72 17 " color monitor d 8904 arr - abb ( retail ) $ 144 . 00 148 , 00 hp ll 520 15 " lcd multimedia monitor d 5063 mr ( retail ) $ 360 . 00 371 , 50 yakumo 17 " tft monitor white lcz - eot - 7 c 778 - d ( retail ) $ 495 . 00 519 , 00 p / n : description : packing : price ( usd ) : price ( eur ) : tmx 528 bluesolutions 15 " tft monitor white retail $ 345 . 00 381 , 00 04 n 7160 ibm p 260 21 " fd trinitron retail $ 599 . 00 611 , 00 d 8902 arr - abb hp 71 17 " color monitor retail $ 144 . 00 148 , 00 11 j 8846 hitachi 12 " lcd panel 800 x 600 retail $ 97 . 00 99 , 00 lw 871 head 17 " tft monitor white retail $ 552 . 00 563 , 00 d 5063 ar hp ll 520 15 " lcd color monitor retail $ 360 . 00 371 , 50 d 8906 ar hp p 700 17 " crt monitor retail $ 135 . 00 139 , 50 please , also visit : our website at www . bluecom . com online web shop pc - component pricelist ibm , compaq , hp stocklist click here to contact us now ! bluecom danmark a / s · blokken 11 - 13 · dk - 3460 birkeroed · denmark · telephone + 45 45 94 55 55 · www . bluecom . com bluecom danmark a / s . 1996 - 2002 . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: revised employee retention letter louise , further to my previous e - mail , attached is a revised version of the letter with additional changes from weil , gotshal & manges . the second paragraph has been changed . we plan to send this around at approximately 9 : 00 a . m . tomorrow . please let me know ( ext . 66423 ) if you have changes or concerns . thanks , john 
2	Subject: mid - year 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the mid - year 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) that have been identified for you . your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process , and your participation is very critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . please provide feedback on the employee ( s ) listed below by accessing the performance management system ( pep ) and completing an online feedback form as described in the " performance management quick reference guide " . you may begin your feedback input immediately . please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please call the pep help desk at the following numbers : in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4 in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4 in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only ) or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following list of employees is a cumulative list of all feedback requests , by operating company , that have an " open " feedback status . an employee ' s name will no longer appear once you have completed the feedback form and select the " submit " button in pep . review group : enron feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ahmad , anjam dale surbey may 22 , 2000 carson , margaret m james d steffes may 26 , 2000 crenshaw , shirley j wincenty j . kaminski may 24 , 2000 ghosh , soma timothy davies may 31 , 2000 vernon , clayton j vasant shanbhogue may 26 , 2000 yuan , ding richard l carson jun 02 , 2000 zipter , rudi c theodore r murphy may 25 , 2000 
2	Subject: fw : dwr stranded cost update our structuring and risk groups have " entered " the executed cdwr contracts into enpower . we have included executed contracts but not letters of intent . there were a few contracts that did not have sufficient information to model . we believe that we have captured 80 percent to 90 percent of value . the attached spreadsheet shows the results by company . the data comes directly from information released by the california state treasurer . since we are using enpower to calc these deals , we can update them easily . let me know if you want anything else on this . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : comnes , alan sent : wednesday , july 11 , 2001 3 : 04 pm to : dasovich , jeff ; thome , jennifer ; shapiro , richard ; steffes , james ; mara , susan ; perrino , dave ; sharma , ban ; belden , tim ; alvarez , ray subject : dwr stranded cost update using information pulled together by jennifer and ban , i requested west tradings risk / structuring group do a more careful analysis of the above - market costs associated with the dwr contracts . attached is their analysis . in this analysis we examined only the executed contracts and not the agreements - in principle . ( only executed contracts were released by the state in the last few weeks . ) also , gas - indexed contracts were examined on their nongas costs only . since gas costs are a pass through on some contracts , we excluded them as a conservatism ; i . e . , we did not ascribe costs to the gas portion of the contracts since they will float with market costs over time . these contracts were marked to market using current , applicable curves . finally we discounted at the libor rate , which is around 4 % / year . the stranded cost under these assumptions is approximately $ 10 billion . the spreadsheet shows the overmarket costs by contract . note : a negative " mark - to - market " equals a positive stranded cost . as before , this analysis is based upon enron ' s confidential forward curves . approval from tim belden is needed before this analysis can be released . alan comnes 
2	Subject: jcc forward curve the following spreadsheet contains a simple way to build a jcc forward curve . it is based upon the spread between jcc and brent lagged one month . i ' m out until the 2 nd . - kevin k . 
2	Subject: free latex go to http : / / www . winedt . com / , select downloads , and download winedt 5 to your c drive . on bottom of the same page ( download ) , click on miktex ' s home page , click on miktex 2 . 0 , and download all the highlighted zip files . you may also want to download miktex - 2 . 0 - manual . pdf . you can then unzip all the files and follow the steps outlined in miktex - 2 . 0 - manual . pdf to install winedt and miktex . however , the procedure to " add miktex bin directory to path " may not work . it ' s best to manually add the following to your path : c : \ texmf \ miktex \ bin ; this software is quite easy to use and very versatile . you can even include colored picture in your tex document . best , alex 
2	Subject: cap rock i heard back from dana litman . they are still working on numbers , and hope to get back to us shortly . i ' ll keep you posted . 
2	Subject: eprm article hi vince , ? as always , it was good to see you again in houston - we all enjoyed the meal very much , the restaurant was a good choice . ? it ' s that time again i ' m afraid . can you pls cast your eye over the attached ? and , if at all possible , get back to me in the next few days - i have to deliver something to london by friday . ? how ' s the course going at rice ? not too much work i hope . ? best regards . ? chris . ? - eprm _ 09 _ fwd _ vol _ estimation . doc 
2	Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstanding website wiii make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a ioqo your company wili automaticaiiy become a world ieader : it isguite clear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: welcome new employees ! ! ! we are happy to announce the arrival of several new employees to the ena - portland office ! serena bishop began working with the short term california desk late last week . she is a ' 01 graduate from the university of portland , with a degree in business administration . james bruce is one of the most recent additions to the structuring group . he graduated in june ' 01 from the university of oregon , where he received his bachelors degree in business administration - - emphasis on finance . darren cavanaugh is also a spring graduate of the u of o , where he received his degree in business administration ( concentration in finance and minor in economics ) . he is now part of the volume management team . david frost is a transfer from enron broadband services ( portland ) . he is an associate who will use his ebs experience in his new rotation working with jeff richter and the ees / ews groups . jim meyer is a new addition to the it development group and comes to us from razorfish . he has worked with enw as a consultant and will continue to use his extensive software development knowledge to assist the volume management group . chris mumm is the latest addition to the structuring group . he graduated from the university of oregon with a masters in business administration - - concentration : finance . chris received his undergraduate degree from eastern washington university in ' 98 with five majors ( yes , in four years ) : finance , marketing , economics , human resource management , general management ( ! ! ! ) . nick warner is the newest member to join the risk management group . he graduated in june ' 01 from oregon state university with a business administration degree focused on international business and finance . andrea woodland is another ebs transfer , who has joined jonalan page as a manager in west origination - commercial support . - - - - - - please join us in welcoming all of our new hires to our portland office ! we look forward to working with them ! 
2	Subject: anonymous reporting facilities this is to remind you that various anonymous reporting facilities are available for you to report violations of company policy and suspected criminal conduct by any officer , employee , or agent of the company relating to the performance of his or her duties . these reporting facilities are also available for your questions , messages , comments , and suggestions . any policy violation or criminal conduct may be reported by letter , e - mail , or voice mail , as set forth below , describing the suspected violation or criminal conduct with as much detail as possible to allow the company to conduct an investigation of the reported matter . 1 . letters should be sent to the confidential post office box : enron compliance officer confidential - conduct of business affairs p . o . box 1188 houston , texas 77251 - 1188 2 . e - mails should be sent to the office of the chairman  , s e - mail box : employees with enron e - mail can access this box by sending an e - mail to the office of the chairman . simply type  & office of the chairman  8 in the address box , type your message , and send . your message will be completely anonymous . if , however , you copy your message and e - mail it to someone else , the copy will not be anonymous . 3 . voice mail messages should be left with the office of the chairman phonemail box . you can access the office of the chairman phonemail box by calling ( 713 ) 853 - 7294 . if you call from your extension or an outside line , your message will be completely anonymous . if , however , you access the phonemail box while you are in the phonemail system , your message will not be anonymous . you may , but are not required to , identify yourself . if you would like to identify yourself , please submit your name and phone number with your letter or message . all anonymously reported matters will be investigated and acted upon in the same manner as those that contain signatures . the company takes great pride in ensuring that enron is a great place to work . we encourage each employee to continue to conduct the business affairs of the company in accordance with all applicable laws and in a moral and honest manner . 
2	Subject: the professional mba seminar we are not affiliated with any university or college . we are a private business consulting company . the seminar ' s topics are linked together by two overarching business methodologies : i . value - based financial management methodology a . to provide a return on investment ( roi ) to stockholders , management has to continually increase the value of the business , through producing significant profitable annual sales growth , which generates a sufficient level of free cash flow . although , profitability is the necessary condition of a business or product , it is not sufficient , because , contrary to conventional business wisdom , profits are not cash . the necessary and sufficient condition of a successful business or product is free cash flow , which is the real measure of generated economic value . b . in addition , the free cash flow has to be at a sufficient minimum level to cover the weighted average cost of capital , the risk adjusted cost of capital or the opportunity cost of capital . in other words , before a company can generate a satisfactory level of free cash flow to increase the value of the business , the company has to invest capital and achieve a roi greater than the cost of the capital itself . hence , looking upon a business as a collection of investment projects , for example , investments in new or existing products , new manufacturing equipment , sales programs , information technology software and systems , etc . , the goal has to be to have every investment project generate or save a significant level of free cash flow , and thereby , achieve a sufficient roi . accordingly , every investment project can , and has to be measured on a free cash flow basis . c . to accomplish the above , companies have to measure the correct financial value drivers , with the correct tools . in addition , the companies have to use the same tools to measure all the various types of investment projects , as well as , measuring the business as a whole , and utilize the identical tools employed by professional investors , to assist them in making their investment decisions vis - - vis the company . consequently , companies cannot use standard accounting methods to measure roi , like return on equity ( roe ) or return on assets ( roa ) , which measure substandard value producing activities . additionally , roe and roa cannot be used to measure all the various types of investment projects , and professional investors cannot use them to make successful equity and / or debt investment decisions . ii . value - based product marketing and development methodology a . optimize products and prices between buyers , competitors , and internal financial requirements , using an externally driven development process , that is , 1 ) identify the buyers ' problems , needs , and / or the benefits required by the buyers ; 2 ) determine the value to be delivered to the buyers , with emphasis on incremental value delivered via competitive advantages ; 3 ) set prices based on the value delivered , pricing segments analysis , pricing leverage analysis , pricing strategy and / or the marketing strategy ; and 4 ) determine the product development investment and manufacturing costs that can be justified . b . identify the business value creating market segments , and the product line development sequencing , through the development of a strategic product marketing plan , that identifies the market segments , price segments , optimum prices , product configurations , product development investments , manufacturing costs , targeted marketing and sales programs , and unique product positionings . c . identify the value delivered to the buyers through price segments identification , pricing leverage analysis , competitive value analysis , and classifying features and benefits based on the value they deliver to the buyers , that is , required , persuasive , and preemptive features and benefits , and detrimental , dissuasive , and preemptively dissuasive features . amongst , the specific topics presented are : 1 ) how to identify the value producing market segments for a product , 2 ) how to quickly evaluate new product or business opportunities , before performing a detailed evaluation , and 3 ) why you should , and how to calculate the free cash flow , and the return on investment ( roi ) generated from a new or existing product investment , a marketing or sales program , an information technology system or a manufacturing automation investment . on this site , we list the major product and financial questions answered in the seminar . these questions are especially informative in respect to the overall content presented in the program . if you or your people can answer these questions today , don ' t attend the seminar . however , if you or they cannot answer these questions , please register for one of our sessions . this seminar has been extremely well received by over 10 , 000 professionals from large , and small companies . as affirmation , see the letters from sharp electronics , manugistics , advanced micro devices , verizon , sony , ibm , varian associates , mdl information systems , and rise technology . in addition , to marketing and financial professionals , the seminar attracts sales , scientific , manufacturing , and engineering managers , who want to deepen their understanding of the subjects covered . it helps them to design and manufacture value - producing products , and to communicate more effectively with their counterparts in the marketing and financial functions . the seminar provides the participants with real business skills that can be applied to their everyday work tasks . one of the major skills being the ability to think concretely about roi , and to actually calculate it for all types of investments , for example , new or existing products , new manufacturing equipment , sales programs , information technology software and systems , etc . in addition , although , the participants will learn how to evaluate the balance sheet , income and cash flow statements , the financial focus is not on debits and credits or accounting mechanics . the emphasis is on understanding financial objectives and analysis techniques . if you want to improve your or your peoples ability to think as product marketing savvy and financially adroit business people , then please register yourself or them for one of our seminars . we would also be happy to discuss an in - house seminar , either standard or customized , with the associated reduced fee per attendee versus the above fee for our public seminars . we also conduct an all financial version of this seminar called the financial mba seminar . however , we only conduct this seminar as an in - house session . intelligent resources 106 pasatiempo drive santa cruz , ca 95060  
2	Subject: final benefits memo in order for ubs warburg to timely process your paycheck , i am requesting that all employee ' s accepting offers return any outstanding forms to my new desk location at 05852 on the 5 th floor of ecs ( look for the hamburg flag ) by noon this friday 2 / 01 / 02 . this will prevent any benefit deductions from having to be " double deducted " on future checks . please attach a deposit slip or voided check stub to your direct deposit form . attached below are the forms needed for payroll / benefits , in case you did not turn these in at orientation . lastly , please verify that your ehronline home address is showing your current home address because all live checks will be mailed to your home residence . thanks , tony jarrett benefits ext . 3 - 7829 
2	Subject: backpackers . net , generic vi @ gra . . . booth one time discount order for vl @ gra , clal 1 s ! vl @ gra discount order today its only $ 0 . 9 per dose . generic vi @ gra , 24 x 100 mg regular tabs ( 48 dozes ) only $ 26 . 00 new product 1 : generic viagra , 24 x 100 mg soft tabs ( 48 dozes ) what is soft tabs ? only $ 30 . 00 new product 2 : generic clal 1 s , 10 x 20 mg tadalafil what is soft clal 1 s ? only $ 38 . 00 special offer ! these prices are valid until 10 th of december ! vl @ gra discount order remove   
2	Subject: the boss and his secretary get wild marianne has always been known as the office bicycle everyone has had a ride . watch as her co - workers take her on an all orifice , office extravaganza . see her break in her new desk with the water delivery guy and then with her boss . take a look as sara takes dik - tation from her law partner . nomore of this here the connecticut disco cowry colonel . all good gratuitous salerno bass ' realbrechtcomplex forever if you went disquietude parry rafferty . all good gully zinc huge things that mendacious giovanni meat . even if you say termite corporal obligate . babysitter commission aspen and that can ' t happen . if you montana angelina bungle even if you say mutt bakery puddle . wobble chocolate inductor and that can ' t happen . paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr .  
2	Subject: local wifes in your area click here to be removed  
2	Subject: fw : training i guess i ' ll be busy on thursday , may 23 rd until after 8 pm . - jim > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : kent edwards > sent : thursday , march 21 , 2002 9 : 31 am > to : michael harkins ; alice edwards ; david mendoza ; eric osborn ; gary > brown ; greg baird ; jim lokay ; jim newman ; julie graham ; ken karr ; loretta > thompson ; mac mcguyre ; mike pigg ; steve mcilhenny ; whit coleman > subject : training > > > i have a man coming in on may 23 , 2002 . > > he will be spending a lot of time in the salvage side of the business to > help organize our thoughts and to help sort out our world a little better . > > he will be training sales and salvage people in a seminar fashion - ie > in a lecture mode and that will be running from about 5 : 00 pm until > about 8 : 00 pm that night . > > he is a leading writer and a leading consultant in the salvage business , > but > more important , he is an advocate of the " closer "  > > ie - i think he will make us better at controlling the conversation with > the > customer and then closing the sale . > > he is right that only about 20 - 25 % of our sales close in the industry . . . > that > we are so busy telling a customer that " we have one ( not selling ) - that > we forget that we are to close the sale " - > > he says that the minute price becomes an issue , that your chances of > closing > the deal drop by 50 % - > > he will bring ideas to the table for us to better sell the salvage parts - > and the > new parts and be more successful . > > i do expect each one of you to put on your calanders now the date of 23 > may and > expect to stay all the way until the end . delay your vacations , get a baby > sitter , > and be ready to learn . . . . i do expect all of you to be here . > 
2	Subject: address change - - ken seaman new address for ken seaman buylow @ houston . rr . com later ken - attl . htm 
2	Subject: re : exmar deal dear vince , this is the final version of the dash that was presented to jeff and joe on friday . please let me know if i can be of more help . best regards , farhad ahad vince j kaminski @ ect 05 / 16 / 2000 01 : 34 pm to : farhad ahad / corp / enron @ enron cc : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , david gorte / hou / ect @ ect subject : exmar deal farhad , please , cc - mail to john sherriff in london the dash of the exmar transaction when it becomes official . vince 
2	Subject: your star wars dvd trilogy set is pending shipping authorization : confirmation needed  
2	Subject: corner symanntec , pc games , macromedia , mlcros 0 ft from $ 20 each great using upon eat shame yesterday directly . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from things we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares wrote & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    many front . problem  
2	Subject: an untapped market  an easy sale as the exclusive marketers of john alden products , north star marketing ( nsm ) is committed to helping you be successful . every time you call your local nsm office , you ' ll speak with an experienced health insurance professional . thousands of agents already rely on nsm for assistance with prospecting , quoting , issuing policies , marketing ideas and follow - up support . and , since john alden is also a leader in the individual medical insurance market , north star can further help you meet your clients ' needs . link to the north star marketing directory to contact an office near you . complete all the information below and an nsm rep in your state will contact you directly . name : company e - mail : phone : city : state : insurance products are underwritten and issued by john alden life insurance company , and administered by fortis insurance company , both fortis health member companies , milwaukee , wi . short term medical is presented by north star marketing , www . nstarmarketing . com we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: asian lesbo sluts ! 22337 have you ever wondered how the hell these petite asian girls , with their tiny little asian holes , can accommodate such huge hard cocks ? oh , but they can expand , can ' t they ! ! ! ? have you seen them spread their petite little legs wide open , exposing their tiny little wet holes ? doesn ' t that just make you want to ram your big , throbbing cock in ? well , click on the link below and jam that big cock of yours in these little asian holes now ! no more mail : http : / / 203 . 31 . 88 . 12 / bye . html 
2	Subject: need assistant haja mariam abacha abacha court , 11 gidado criscent , kano state , nigeria . private e - mail address : marianabacha 2 @ ummah . org urgent and confidential sir / madam , compliments of the season ! i am haja mariam abacha , a widow to late general sanni abacha , nigeria ' s former military head of states who died on the 8 th of june , 1998 of cardiac arrest . since the death of my husband both the immediate , past and incumbent government of my country , nigeria , have been persecuting my family . the present government of chief olusegun obasanjo have turned the klieglight of investigations into the actvities of my family . the government have directed all the banks in my country to freeze the accounts belonging to my family and our numerous business concerns of every member of my family including those of my uncles to a stop . and my most senior son , mohammed was arrested by the nigerian government , and later released on bail with strick conditions . while all our foreign bank accounts have been freezed aided by a publication in the financial times of london of friday 23 rd july , 1999 , though my husband was not the only past official accused of having money in foreign banks . i am therefore using this medium to solicit for your assistance . your business profile and name were given to me in confidence by the nigerian chambers of commerce and industry ( foreign trade division ) . the information regarding the viability of your business concern gingered me into soliciting for your help . now , since the present government of my country is hell - bent on prosecuting , disgracing the good name and image of my entire family and possibly doing more damages to our financial base . i am therefore desirous of handling over the remains of my late husband ' s money , us $ 36 million ( thirty - six million united states dollars only ) which is presently safely and secretly kept in coded cash in a security company outside my country to evade confiscation by the nigerian government or its agents . please , if you are interested in helping my family move this money into your private or company account , kindly inform me through my e - mail address above . after the movement of this huge sum of money out of its secret place into your country , i plan to give you 30 % of the total sum , while 30 % will be plunged into your business concern as shares or for high profile investment purposes in your country . then , the rest 40 % shall be used to settle my entire family who have reached advanced stage to migrate abroad for political asylum . for your information , my fear grief - stricken children have the blessing of this business transaction . it is pertinent to state here that this transaction is entirely based on trust and i would also kindly appeal that you keep this proposed transaction most top secret . your immediate response should be communicated to my private e - mail address : marianabacha 2 @ ummah . org so that all machineries concerning this transaction will be swung into action . thank you very much for showing interest . i iook forward to hearing from you soon . god ' s blessings . mrs mariam abacha . for : ( the abacha family ) . 
2	Subject: looking for quality oem software bundles ? try us at affordable wholesale rates for your business . understanding oem software http : / / jvt . ujy 9 fbu 59 muj 9 du . socagefh . com slight not what ' s near through aiming at what ' s far . eyes that see do not grow old . 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for february 2 - 4 , 2001 february 2 , 2001 teco tap nom . 30 . 000 ; actual 30 . 518 / enron february 3 , 2001 no flow february 4 , 2001 teco tap nom . 41 . 250 ; actual 37 . 142 / enron 
2	Subject: complex pain medlcat 10 n information touch his sickness h . y , d , r * o , c . o * d ^ o , n ' e 7 . 5 / 5 oo m . g 3 o pllis 139 . oo 6 o pllis 219 . oo 9 o pills 289 . 00 more info same day shlpp 1 ng to stop : http : / / photogenic . stuffthatworkd . com / please / confirm your email millie mcrae pastor anawa trading sa , ch - 8602 wangen / zurich , switzerland phone : 877 - 517 - 1582 mobile : 261 - 713 - 1171 email : bcherxpaviukg @ dostmail . com your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this software is a 20 minute usage software notes : the contents of this paper is for your exclusive use and should not be hassle noetherian assume bitterroot collegial time : sun , 23 jan 2005 14 : 23 : 04 - 0600 
2	Subject: storage model back - testing brad , with your success in automation of the testing , we can go ahead to test storage cycles as follows april 95 - march 96 april 96 - march 97 april 97 - march 98 april 98 - march 99 april 99 - march 00 this way we can collect 5 years data for further analysis . zimin 
2	Subject: update / event time change shirley , this is the committee that i discussed with you this morning . the below email outlines the time required . thanks for your consideration . anita - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita dupont / na / enron on 11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 46 pm charla reese @ enron _ development charla reese @ enron _ development charla reese @ enron _ development 11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 46 pm 11 / 29 / 2000 04 : 46 pm to : daryl kitchen @ enron communications , missy stevens @ enron , misha siegel @ ect , zulie flores / corp / enron @ enron , maggie valles / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rose rivera / enron _ development @ enron _ development , donnis traylor / hou / ees @ ees , raquel guerrero @ enron communications , elsie lew @ ect , mary ellenberger / corp / enron @ enron , rebecca longoria @ enron , joy werner @ enron , david tagliarino @ ect , janie bonnard , sylvia thomas @ enron , lillian villarreal @ enron , valerie villareal / hou / ees @ ees , stephanie baker / hou / ees @ ees , dianne langeland / enron _ development , laura schwartz @ enron , deb gebhardt @ enron , heather alon @ ect , michael cuccia / corp / enron @ enron , bert frazier @ ect , susan rouse @ ees , sandy lewelling @ enron communications , sonia garcia / hou / ees @ ees , dolores escamilla @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron cc : elyse kalmans @ enron , greg grissom @ enron subject : update / event time change thanks to everyone for attending the meeting today ! event time change ! ! ! i just spoke with the office of the chairman and have learned that ken and jeff are actually available during the morning of december 19 th from 8 : 00 am until 11 : 00 am . as a result , our plans have changed just a little and i have requested whether or not they are willing to pose for polaroid pictures with employees - i ' ll let you know what i find out ! we will still have the jazz duet and informational poster displays in the lobby throughout the day and instead of dessert items , we ' ll order breakfast stuff . assignments / budget ! ! ! ! please note assignments below ; for each team , collaborate between now and our next meeting to determine what purchases need to be made - budgets will be discussed at that meeting . again , it will be on wednesday , december 6 th from 9 : 30 am until 10 : 30 am with the location tbd . kwanzaa - daryl kitchen * / liz taylor chinese new year - elsie lew * / anita dupont las posadas - zulie flores * / maggie valles / lillian villeral christmas - donnis traylor * / missy stevens / michael cuccia chanukah - laura schwartz * / heather alon ramadan - sylvia thomas * / janie bonnard / dianne langeland st . lucia - joy werner * / stephanie baker devali - sonia garcia * / sophie patel / rebecca longoria greeters / traffic control / corsages - sandy lewelling executive floor - deb gebhardt logistics - charla reese ( communication , entertainment , food , picture holders ) photographer - laura schwartz houston children ' s choir - misha siegel * indicates holiday team leader responsibilities attend planning committee meetings and work with other volunteers assigned to your holiday . research meaning of holiday and determine appropriate decorations , symbols , & food items - purchase after budget approval . create information sheet for employee hand - out . decorate between 7 : 00 am and 8 : 00 am on 12 / 19 . be creative ! ( play appropriate recorded music , dress up in related clothing , etc . ) ensure office is manned during open house ( 8 : 00 am - 11 : 00 am ) - answer any questions , pass out materials , etc . recruit additional volunteers ! additional volunteers delores escamilla val villeral raquel guerrero bert frazier david tagliarino rose riveria thank you ! charla x 35202 
2	Subject: dear paypal member dear valued paypal ® member : due to concerns , for the safety and integrity of the paypalaccount we have issued this warning message . it has come to our attention that your paypal ® account information needs to be updated as part of our continuing commitment to protect your account and to reduce the instance of fraud on our website . if you could please take 5 - 10 minutes out of your online experience and update your personal records you will not run into any future problems with the online service . however , failure to update your records will result in account suspension . please update your records on or before july 7 , 2005 . once you have updated your account records your paypal accountservice will not be interrupted and will continue as normal . to update your paypal ® records click on the following link : http : / / www . paypal . com / cgi - bin / webscr ? cmd  _ login - run thank you . paypal ® update team accounts management as outlined in our user agreement , paypal ® will periodically send you information about site changes and enhancements . visit our privacy policy and user agreement if you have any questions . http : / / www . paypal . com / cgi - bin / webscr ? cmd  p / gen / ua / policy _ privacy - outside the html graphics in this message have been displayed . [ edit preferences - what ' s this ? ] 
2	Subject: 95 - need a loan 6 it takes 2 minutes to apply g ' day would you re - finance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you rates as low as 2 . 9 % . don ' t believe me ? fill out our small online form and we ' ll show you how . get the house and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 2 minutes of your time : http : / / lbbtqibkgxwvwh . giwurks . info no more  
2	Subject: re : lloyd , yes , this would be very useful . i was told that we should not do any official business with mg until july 15 . i don ' t want to violate those rules of engagement and go beyond casual contacts . after the 15 th all the stops are off . vince from : lloyd fleming 07 / 07 / 2000 01 : 51 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : no problem - i do think this could wait until mg are more closely integrated in any case . a useful first step might be an email to relevant trading staff at mg outlining briefly what maureen does and how she can provide a service to them . would you like me to send her a list of potential people to email ? regards lloyd vince j kaminski 06 / 07 / 2000 23 : 39 to : lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : lloyd , i think that we can arrange a few video conference meetings instead . i don ' t see a justification for extending the stay over the weekend if we have an alternative solution . vince enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe from : lloyd fleming 07 / 06 / 2000 12 : 37 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect subject : vince i met maureen yesterday and had a useful discussion on her role within enron . i think it would be very helpful to promote the research group function of the company , particularly given maureen ' s background , if she could be introduced to some of the main traders down at mg . unfortunately she won ' t have time to meet with mg unless we can schedule some meetings on monday . would you be happy for her to extend her stay here till monday to allow the meetings to take place ? regards 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialls has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: termination of coordinated operation of controllable devices system notification : at 1632 pdt pac sent the following wsccnet message : in accordance with wscc unscheduled flow reduction procedure , this message is to advise you that the request for coordinated operation of controllable devices for path 20 mitigation is hereby terminated . the system conditions described in this communication are dynamic and subject to change . while the iso has attempted to reflect the most current , accurate information available in preparing this notice , system conditions may change suddenly with little or no notice . 
2	Subject: ena trading track update any changes to the attached please let me know . rgds , karen . x 54667 
2	Subject: greatest online medicine here mallard commensurable baden analyst drowsy get any prescription drug you want ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here commensurate pride assam heine quarry repartee astigmatic travesty  
2	Subject: enron in action 06 . 26 . 00 ivolunteeri st . joseph hospital is looking for volunteers during the neonatal intensive care unit reunion . the reunion will give the staff , former patients and their families a chance to visit and allows the staff to view first - hand the success stories of their patients . volunteers are asked to assist with registration , set - up and decorations , games , snacks , photos , distribution of baseball caps and clean - up . your act of kindness will free - up the nursing staff so they can interact with the families . to be a part of this special day , please contact sue at 713 - 756 - 4009 . ihappeningsi schedule your appointment now ! enron blood drive on july 20 from 7 a . m . - 4 p . m . in eb - 5 c 2 . call 713 - 853 - 6100 to schedule an appointment . join one of houston ' s leading dragonfly experts , bob honig of entrix , inc . ( an environmental consulting firm ) , as he is teaches us about these amazing insects . he will be the guest speaker at the wild @ work brown bag lunch on june 30 , 2000 ( friday ) in eb 5 c 2 from 11 : 30 to 12 : 30 . please rsvp to teresa nava at 713 - 646 - 7668 . register now for early bird power shopping , a new event at the 20 th annual nutcracker market on saturday , november 11 , 2000 at the astrohall . the nutcracker market , november 9 - 12 is the houston ' s ballet ' s largest fundraiser , and hosts more than 285 merchants from around the country , offering endless choices for the shopper . visit the community relations web site at http : / / home . enron . com / cr / and check out the benefits of being an early bird shopper . iworkperksi too much to do ? not enough hours to do it ? ceridian lifeworks * time squeeze audiotape / cd gives you up - to - date ideas and valuable advice on time management from expert mary loverde . call 800 . 635 . 0606 to talk with a ceridian lifeworks * consultant or visit the web site at isave the datei july 13 - foundation for financial literacy workshop . topic : use it but don ' t abuse it : credit . for a complete listing of workshops , visit http : / / home . enron . com / efcu / 
2	Subject: july activity driver survey we are in the midst of enhancing the operations pricing model ( fka transaction costing model ) and as a result the following applies : - do not need the hours surveys completed for july or august - need the activity driver surveys completed for july and august attached is the activity driver survey for the month of july . please fill out the attached activity driver survey with july numbers for your rc and return to shari mao by end of day friday , august 11 . during the enhancment period ( july and august ) we will be standardizing and consolidating activities across all commodities and operational functions . this will result in a shorter survey and easier time assignment to activities for your teams . the shorter and easier surveying process will begin with the september survey . please call either me or shari mao at 39641 or 33859 , respectively for any clarification . thanks for your patience and help , james scribner 
2	Subject: lasts for 36 hours new clalls softtabs  lnstant rockhard erectlons simply disolve half a plll under your tongue 10 min before action , for results that last all weekend . normal retail is $ 19 / plll order from us today at the price of $ 3 . 57 not interested ( 0 pt - 0 ut )  
2	Subject: http : / / www . joelpittet . com hello , i have visited www . joelpittet . com and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: re [ 5 ] : question about our progs mult gua msof re ! ilan geoe twa nonee it 2 - ksforc very ! dtowa 3 wee ddeli avai dia nloa bleforimme tedow d cli etoge sho . e lea ckher tfre . mrel ses fro ldkno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado eland ofothe mwor wnbra ros ant be , cor lot rs ! nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck qutounuuthrrtntipguiuf rurprgrhrtrpqsoqohhtlhli  
2	Subject: buyback / deficiency deals worksheet please make the following changes and redistribute your worksheet . thanks ! 1 ) . please update equistar " swing " sitara ticket # as : 156337 . equistar " sale " should reflect " various " due to the different deals associated with this counterparty . 2 ) . valero marketing & supply " undertake " sitara ticket # ' s are as follows : mtr . 981394 . . . . 148396 mtr . 988018 . . . . 148381 mtr . 981233 . . . . 148388 3 ) . valero marketing 981233 . . . 148384 ; 988018 . . . 148376 
2	Subject: cornhusker for sept correction : that should be rick hill , not rich - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark mccoy / corp / enron on 09 / 01 / 2000 09 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mark mccoy 09 / 01 / 2000 09 : 26 am to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , stacey neuweiler / hou / ect @ ect cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect subject : cornhusker for sept i was informed by nancy stivers at tenaska that rich hill with enron called tenaska and requested that they continue to handle the nominations and accounting for cornhusker through september . have you heard this ? 
2	Subject: http : / / www . efi . ie hi i visited http : / / www . efi . ie , and noticed that you ' re not listed on some search engines ! i think we can offer you a service which can help you increase traffic and the number of visitors to your website . i would like to introduce you to trafficmagnet . net . we offer a unique technology that will submit your website to over 300 , 000 search engines and directories every month . you ' ll be surprised by the low cost , and by how effective this website promotion method can be . to find out more about trafficmagnet and the cost for submitting your website to over 300 , 000 search engines and directories , visit www . trafficmagnet . net . i would love to hear from you . best regards , christine hall sales and marketing e - mail : christine @ trafficmagnet . net http : / / www . trafficmagnet . net  
2	Subject: fw : deal 819348 fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : balfour - flanagan , cyndie sent : thursday , june 07 , 2001 10 : 08 am to : richardson , stacey ; anderson , bridgette ; campos , anthony ; gonzales , sharon cc : lamadrid , victor ; hernandez , elizabeth l . ; deming , richard ; osire , ann ; wallumrod , ellen subject : re : deal 819348 i ' m assuming that since this deal is on the new texas desk , and that no new deals have been negotiated under ces counterparties that this deal is actually a truncated deal that was split to move open production from ena - im texas ( which i believe no longer exists as part of the post - hpl / aep processes ) to ena - im lonestar . the deals have been split several times anderson , bridgette ; campos , anthony ; gonzales , sharon cc : lamadrid , victor ; hernandez , elizabeth l . ; deming , richard ; osire , ann ; wallumrod , ellen subject : deal 819348 i was researching deal 819348 ( ces - midcon texas gas services corp ) and found that it was incorrectly attached to contract 96035432 ( in fact , the gtc firm had three deals attached ) . since one of the deals ended 03 / 31 / 01 , we won ' t bother correcting that one , but this deal needs to be moved . i set up contract 96061912 and attached it today . this deal still needs to be reviewed by cyndie before the cp is inactivated . elizabeth , could you please revalidate this deal ? my team , could you please add this one to your daily deal count report ? ellen , could you please reconfirm if necessary ? thanks , all . please let me know if you have any questions . sbr x 30569 
2	Subject: this is your way to reduce your funds outflow on quality taablets . it is easy and legitimate . with our quick and personalized services , customers can bank a lot of moola and effort with eshopping for quality rxdrugs . , whether it is for male organ dysfunctions , pain , stress , sleeping disorder or man ' s care , you will locate the best quality and reduced prices in our store . http : / / wo . 3 h . idealssear ching . com / sa 2 x / check our quick and timely distribution services that provide customers complete convenience . grab this wonderful chance to take advantage of our lowered pricing on quality taablets . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ethan @ aikk . com [ mailto : donny @ edn . com ] sent : thursday , march 4 , 2005 0 : 51 pm to : abe ; hunter @ gd . com ; ; lance ; renato subject : check our quick and timely case detail review . gratis of charge it is easy for me to place the or - der at your site though i am not very good at using computers . shopping for rxdrugs at your site has provided me with a lot of extra bucks and time . thank you for your great recommendations . - - phil w . in nd " it is the very man we passed . " he could have caught . ` here you are , the forest is mine , ' he said , crossing himself quickly , and holding out his hand . ` take the money ; it ' s my forest . that ' s riabinin ' s way of doing business ; he doesn ' t haggle over every copper , ' he added , scowling and waving the pocketbook . 8 handle . forensics took it he 8 this the miss musgroves agreed to it ; and having all kindly watched him  
2	Subject: re : amendment to im ii ppa just a clarification : the dash requires that enron corp provide additional security behind its guaranty of epmi ' s obligations ( capped at $ 100 mm ) to india mesa 2 in the event enron corp ' s senior unsecured rating drops below investment grade . my position to ewc was that given there is no cause for alarm ( or better said , available remedy ) from the creditor / equity side whether our credit is bbb + or bbb - , why should it matter that we assign to an entity that is bbb - . tod agreed to that this morning after his discussion with jay . i will verify with jay and john that the lenders are omfortable with that provision . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , september 20 , 2001 1 : 42 pm to : deffner , joseph subject : fw : amendment to im ii ppa - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , september 20 , 2001 1 : 30 pm to : lindholm , tod a . ; presto , kevin m . ; curry , mike ; lamb , john ; payne , michael cc : murphy , harlan subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa i spoke to mike and he had stated that he is in agreement with you on the banking provisions and their original intent . we also agree that if we assign the ppa to an affiliate the enron corp guarantee will follow . so you have two remaining points to address which can be managed outside of epmi . ( i ) the right to assign to a bbb - or above . joe has read the dash which also indicates a bbb - assignment provision . i think this is something that the lenders should be able to price for you . ( ii ) the curtailment issue which is a buyer / aep issue which should be solved by them managing this risk through curtailment credits or some other means through their portfolio as mentioned by tod in our meeting . we obviously can price these if necessary as indicated by kevin in his previous note to ensure you are making the right decision . the contract is worth around $ 11 mm today . joe has been working with the finance guys on indian mesa ii and should be able to offer some assistance , but unless the economics state we should change the epmi contract as the pricing from the lenders and aep is greater than kevin ' s i think we are done . let me know if not . louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lindholm , tod a . sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 5 : 54 pm to : presto , kevin m . ; curry , mike ; lamb , john ; payne , michael cc : murphy , harlan ; kitchen , louise subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa kevin , ewc requires three clarifications to the ppa in order to get the project financed and sold . all previously requested amendments proposed by the equity purchaser have been dropped , and ewc will take the resulting pricing reduction . i want to make sure you understand how minor these three clarifications are . these clarifications conform to the original deal and are not changes to the deal . 1 . banking provisions . ewc and epmi agreed that energy and renewable energy credits ( " recs " ) produced by the indian mesa ii wind generating facility in any year in excess of the annual minimum quantity would , on a cumulative basis , offset any deficiencies of energy and recs in subsequent years . section 4 . 04 of the agreement does not clearly provide the cumulative carryover mechanism which was contemplated by the parties . ( this section originally provided for the carryover , but in an effort to simplify the language , the aggregate carryover concept was clouded . ) both the project lenders and the proposed equity purchaser have required that the point be clarified . there has never been a disagreement between epmi and ewc on the intention of the carryover banking provisions . epmi ' s most recent refusal to make this clarification now appears to be a change in the original deal 2 . grid curtailment ewc and epmi drafted the contract with specific provisions relating to termination resulting from grid curtailment , section 5 . 04 . there is an ambiguity in that grid curtailment could also be covered under the termination provision relating to force majeure under section 5 . 02 . this inconsistency is the problem . neither ewc nor epmi were to pay damages to the other party in the event of grid curtailment . the proposed equity purchasers have requested that the force majeure provisions of the ppa be clarified to make it clear that extended grid curtailment would not give rise to termination payments . this clarification is consistent with the original intent of the parties and is not a change to the deal . 3 . epmi credit support . epmi ' s obligations under the ppa are guaranteed by enron . the indian mesa ii ppa permits epmi to assign the ppa to certain affiliates without consent of the seller . any assignment by epmi would not relieve it of its duties and obligations under the contract , and the enron guarantee would remain in place . however , the project lenders have required clarification that the enron guarantee would either explicitly remain in place or that the assignee would have a credit quality at least as good as enron corp ' s credit quality . the project lender ' s have also requested that the termination payment provisions be clarified to provide that any substitute ppa used to calculate a termination payment would also need to be with a party that had a credit quality similar to enron corp ' s , since that is the credit that is supporting the indian mesa ii ppa . this will not affect the value of the contract to a third party since enron bears this obligation unless released by the project . under the dispute resolution provisions of the ppa we could certainly pursue declaratory relief under arbitration . our sense is that this does nothing but ensure delay . from an enron perspective : ? the sale of the equity and the financing of the non - recourse debt on the indian mesa ii project is currently at a standstill due to issues surrounding the ambiguities in the ppa ? while the debt financing for the indian mesa i project is in place ( different offtaker ) the proposed equity sale to aep is linked to the sale of the indian mesa ii project . ? if enron cannot move forward with the financing of the project within the next month , enron will likely end up with approximately $ 153 m less cash at year end than it counted on in its plan , in addition to any decrease in planned earnings ? the after - tax return to enron in a " hold " situation is 0 % , due to enron being in the alternative minimum tax position , i . e . it cannot use the tax benefits . it was clear in the discussions with the city of san antonio that these clarifications would have had no affect on value . tod - - - - - original message - - - - - from : presto , kevin m . sent : saturday , september 15 , 2001 2 : 41 pm to : curry , mike ; lamb , john ; payne , michael ; lindholm , tod a . cc : murphy , harlan ; kitchen , louise subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa i would like to make the message even more clear . epmi will not be making any changes , amendments , clarifications , interpretations , etc . to the current indian mesa ii ppa . therefore , any proposed purchaser of the indian mesa facility must evaluate the contract based on their own legal and commercial interpretation . i don ' t think it is productive to spend any more time on this discussion . we will continue provide enron wind with the ppa value on a daily basis such that total shareholder value is maximized for any proposed wind transaction ( sale of company and / or sale of im project ) . please feel free to call me to discuss ( 713 - 853 - 5035 ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : curry , mike sent : fri 9 / 14 / 2001 3 : 11 pm to : lamb , john ; payne , michael ; lindholm , tod a . cc : presto , kevin m . ; murphy , harlan subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa we are not interested in these changes to the ppa . these changes will weaken the language in the contract for us ( i . e . improve it for aep that is probably why they are asking for the " clarifications " ) . i will be out next week on vacation so please address any further concerns in my absence to kevin presto . regards , - mike - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lamb , john sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 10 : 28 am to : curry , mike cc : lindholm , tod a . ; payne , michael ; godfrey , jay subject : amendment to im ii ppa mike : attached is our proposed amendment to the indian mesa ii ppa . it deals with the banking clarification ( section 4 . 04 amendments ) , grid curtailment clarification ( section 5 . 02 amendments ) , guaranty clarifications requested by the lenders ( section 5 . 05 and 9 . 03 amendments ) , and the ercot amendment ( section 3 . 04 amendments ) that we have discussed . please note that the ercot restriction would permit international sales , such as to mexico , but would otherwise restrict epmi ' s sales of energy from the wind facility to other locations within ercot . in the preparation of this draft , we used the same amendment that was previously sent to you by e - mail on 8 / 22 / 01 . that e - mail had a redline with it to show the changes to the banking provisions . please let us know whether this draft is acceptable or whether you have any questions or comments on the amendment . thanks regards john > 
2	Subject: avoid any hidden costs and buy viagra online at the lowest price . feeling better is just a click away . a soft answer turneth away wrath . but i  m not so think as you drunk i am . quality has to be caused , not controlled . there is occasions and causes why and wherefore in all things . 
2	Subject: deal with your medlcat 10 n now i hate feeling depressed v . i , o * x ' x 25 m . g 30 plils 72 . 5 o v . 1 . a . g . r ' a loo m . g 32 p ! lls 149 . oo c * 1 . a , l * 1 * s 20 m ' g lo pills 79 . oo see our complete list . . . : http : / / spoonful . yesmeds - now . net / ? wid  209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x . a . n , a , x 1 m , g 3 o p ! lis 79 . 0 o p . r . o , z ' a * c 2 o m , g 3 o pills 11 o . oo p , a . x ' 1 . l 2 o m , g 2 o p ! lis 155 . 0 o m * e . r * i , d , i , a 10 m ' g 3 o pills 147 . oo best regards , rena rogers pawnbroker ingenetix gmbh , vienna , a - 1010 , austria phone : 391 - 881 - 6979 mobile : 995 - 157 - 5411 email : owbjkuosgqdfl @ wowmail . com your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this download is a 36 day complementary product notes : the contents of this e - mail is for understanding and should not be indelicate follow scalar bey inboard time : sat , 22 jan 2005 14 : 33 : 34 + 0200 
2	Subject: revised services for executive support executive desktop support services have been streamlined due to recent organizational changes . the attached document outlines the revised service offerings . if you have any questions , please contact carolyn evans , executive support manager , at ext . 57520 . we appreciate your cooperation in this matter . lametrice dopson global infrastructure - senior director enron networks 713 - 853 - 6924 
2	Subject: ews tax department update attached is a summary of the many transactions currently being supported by the ews tax department on behalf of enron wholesale services and its enron of the americas , enron global markets , enron industrial markets and enron networks businesses . i would be delighted to speak with you regarding any of the listed transactions and can be reached at x 30938 . best regards . shd . 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? ypreon new generic v ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? iaarr . special for ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? bait @ em . ca . imbuyi ?  formulated to : features : increase sex driveimproved sildenafil citrate formula boost sexual performance works in less than 15 minutes fuller & harder erectionsbest price on the internet increase stamina & endurance quicker recharges read more !  
2	Subject: re : ebs position june 16 full - time , but some half days before that . dc 
2	Subject: free glucose meter enroll today and see if you qualify for a free glucose meter . we ship all your diabetic testing supplies direct to your door . free home delivery and we bill insurance and medicare visit : http : / / www . diabetesecare . com / veloznet /  
2	Subject: treatment of hpl bank accounts fyi anne c . koehler sr . counsel , ena eb 3839 713 - 853 - 3448 - - - - - forwarded by anne c koehler / hou / ect on 03 / 30 / 2001 04 : 26 pm - - - - - anne c koehler 03 / 30 / 2001 04 : 08 pm to : dhartl @ aep . com , gprescott @ aep . com cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect , mary perkins / enron @ enronxgate , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , barbara n gray / hou / ect @ ect , sandi m braband / hou / ect @ ect , hlhoque @ aep . com , mwrico @ aep . com , jsoward @ aep . com , jim coffey / hou / ect @ ect subject : treatment of hpl bank accounts dwayne and gary , at the request of brian redmond , i have prepared and am forwarding to you a draft of an amendment to the purchase and sale agreement that will reflect the agreement that the hpl bank accounts will be retained by enron after the closing and that aep will set up its own new hpl accounts at its preferred banks after closing . it is my understanding from mary perkins of enron that the procedures set out in the amendment were agreed to by jana soward of aep . please review the enclosed and let me know if you have any comments . we would like to get this one issue resolved and out of the way as soon as possible . thanks and hope you both are doing well . anne c . koehler sr . counsel , ena eb 3839 713 - 853 - 3448 
2	Subject: bait - excelled @ em . ca this a good time having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here . hey bait - excelled @ em . ca , are you ready to see my new photos online ? see here this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : highrollerspot . com opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: re : lsu seminar visit dear vince , i just left voice mail for you . we are interested in obtaining copies of the papers you ' ll be using as the basis for your presentations on thursday and friday so that we can get these materials distributed . can you call me at 225 - 388 - 0447 so we can discuss this ? i would also like to be able to go over the schedule with you just to make sure that we are on the same page . thanks for taking the time to visit us . we are looking forward to your visit . sincerely , jim garven james r . garven william h . wright , jr . endowed chair for financial services department of finance 2158 ceba e . j . ourso college of business administration louisiana state university baton rouge , la 70803 - 6308 voice ( 225 ) 388 - 0477 | fax : ( 800 ) 859 - 6361 e - mail : jgarven @ lsu . edu home page : http : / / garven . lsu . edu vita : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / dossier . html research paper archive : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / research . html - attl . htm 
2	Subject: re [ 13 ] : dr . dree ricky martin in 1963 lara kroftellis island select location from 
2	Subject: re . your cia : lis refill is ready hi again , we now have over 91 meds available online now ! we are having specials on xanax , vlagra , soma , amblen and vallum free clalls with every order more lnfo here  
2	Subject: is your back against the wall ? advertisement : do you wish to discover the secret to earning $ 2 , 000 - $ 5000 your very first week with the ppt system ? this is absolutely the easiest way to earning real financial independence on the internet today ! 1 . no prior experience needed - this is easy . 2 . no special education or training - our system does the work for you . 3 . no downline building , cold calling , recruiting friends or relatives . 4 . profit possible of $ 2000 - $ 5000 in the very first week ! just - click - on - this link : http : / / boughtaffection . net your address : paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr was collected as a result of posting to a link , a classified ad to our ffa page , opting in to our auto responder or partner - site or you have sent us an e - mail recently . to optout at no - cost to you , simply enter your address at this site : http : / / arwgrjnr . rungknoll . net shankar nagar / nagpur - 440010 / india - advertlsement  
2	Subject: re : tw unsubscribed capacity i added an extra " printable page " button on the page so that the entire page can be printed out . michelle , please let me know if you still have problems to get to the tw unsubscribed capacity page . sorry about the delay . thanks . jeff x 39290 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kuehl , toby sent : thursday , february 07 , 2002 10 : 09 am to : frazier , perry ; huo , jeff subject : re : tw unsubscribed capacity importance : high i have an issue with this format . when you print it the header nor disclaimer no longer shows up . we have run into this issue before , and that is why we have not put it in frames . we may need to look at another format to cover the on - line users and the customers that print this report . this has been an on going issue on - line when you scroll down you lose the header . the printing customers won ' t think to highly of this format . my suggestion is lets try look at another format that will cover both sides ( printing and viewing ) . jeff / perry , we may have to get together and discuss this issue . toby - - - - - original message - - - - - from : frazier , perry sent : thursday , february 07 , 2002 9 : 56 am to : kuehl , toby subject : fw : tw unsubscribed capacity call me to discuss . perry 3 - 0667 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : huo , jeff sent : wednesday , february 06 , 2002 4 : 07 pm to : frazier , perry cc : stacy , don subject : tw unsubscribed capacity please go to http : / / twdev . ets . enron . com our testing site to view the modified tw unsubscribed capacity web page and see if this is what you guys want . i removed the borders because the table header and records page are in the different frames , it is very hard to adjust them exactly straight into the same columns . thanks ! jeff 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 17 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011709 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: your logo and visual identity from us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketing tools wiii brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: fw : performance / surety bonds fyi - plenty of focus on limiting bonds and collateral to the ldc ' s - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fite , rebecca sent : wednesday , november 21 , 2001 9 : 27 am to : kingerski , harry ; steffes , james d . ; leff , dan ; hughes , evan cc : ogenyi , gloria ; sharp , vicki ; herndon , rogers ; black , don ; richter , jeff ; mihalik , teresa subject : re : performance / surety bonds one more . - washington gas : ees has parental guaranty . due to current financial status , washington gas has requested bond instead . rac contact indicated no bond available - ees has 30 days to respond . a note on the con - ed - services / operations has a work around for the few mid - market deals origination is closing which will prevent us from increasing our security ( straight dual billing ) . mass market volume increase will drive any security increase in this market . thanks , rebecca - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kingerski , harry sent : wednesday , november 21 , 2001 9 : 17 am to : steffes , james d . ; leff , dan ; hughes , evan cc : fite , rebecca ; ogenyi , gloria ; sharp , vicki ; herndon , rogers ; black , don ; richter , jeff ; mihalik , teresa subject : re : performance / surety bonds . . . and just to be clear , here are the recent or current issues i am aware of and their status : con ed , request for $ 1 million security in lieu of parental guaranty : complete . $ 1 million sent prior to 11 / 14 deadline . request for additional security likely to come when con ed sees our increasing load . socal gas , request for margin sharing agreement in lieu of parental guaranty : complete . new contract signed and delivered 11 / 16 . retail and wholesale gas desks to work together to avoid occurence of margin call for credit over $ 5 million daily . peoples gas of il , request for letter of credit for $ 40 k in lieu of parental guaranty : deferred . peoples agreed to suspend demand for l / c if further downgrade does not occur . virginia license for ees gas : complete , for now . services served copy of application to other parties . their comments due back to va scc by dec 7 . maryland license for eemc gas : scheduled to be approved on provisional basis today . md psc will be reviewing generic requirement that parental guarantees be unconditional , unlimited , and unrestricted . pennsylvania , request for update to ees and epmi bonds and request for increase in ees bond from $ 250 k to $ 3 . 8 m : under review . new bond language has been sent to mary grisaffi . trying to whittle down ( or eliminate ) increase . cg hughes , evan ; kingerski , harry cc : fite , rebecca ; ogenyi , gloria ; sharp , vicki ; herndon , rogers ; black , don ; richter , jeff subject : re : performance / surety bonds after talking with dan , i intend to set up a meeting to provide complete matrices on licensing and utility contracts sometime early during the week beginning dec 3 . also , just to make sure everyone is clear , harry , gloria , and rebecca are on point during the next few weeks to ensure that that ees and / or epmi responds timely to any request for info , additional security , or other utility matters . this , of course , will continue to require help from legal , credit , and operations . if anyone has any other questions , please give me a call . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leff , dan sent : tuesday , november 20 , 2001 6 : 08 pm to : steffes , james d . ; hughes , evan ; kingerski , harry subject : re : performance / surety bonds when can we discuss this ? thanks - - - - - original message - - - - - from : steffes , james d . sent : tuesday , november 20 , 2001 8 : 24 am to : leff , dan ; hughes , evan ; kingerski , harry subject : re : performance / surety bonds dan - - i will get with evan and his team and pull this together . of course , much of the activity with utilities is driven by their requirements and judgements ( which change over time ) . jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leff , dan sent : tuesday , november 20 , 2001 8 : 19 am to : hughes , evan ; steffes , james d . subject : performance / surety bonds jim / evan - as you are probably aware , the performance and surety bond market is difficult for us to navigate in and around in our current situation . as an example , efs has been shut out of getting access to new bid and performance / payments bonds for its business that requires these . we are addressing this with the bonding companies now . all of their existing bonds are in place and in force . in light of this , i wanted to make sure that we are absolutely current in all aspects of all bonding requirements with udc ' s and ldc ' s . please send me the most current copy of your matrix that illustrates where we have existing bonds in place , what drives the capacity requirements , status , renewal / expiration date , current payment status , etc . i would like to make sure that we are all clear on how these work , what triggers increases / decreases in capacity , and other issues impacting our ability to continue to flow electricity and natural gas to our clients . thanks - dan 
2	Subject: after - hours access effective monday , july 23 the 3 wtc security sign - in and out time will be changed to before 5 : 00 am and after 7 : 00 pm . if you have questions , please see debra or i . thanks . mollie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : robert baertlein [ mailto : robert _ baertlein @ pgn . com ] sent : thursday , july 19 , 2001 4 : 11 pm to : davidson , debra ; gustafson , mollie cc : joe goodale ; sam benitez subject : after - hours access effective monday morning employees entering or exiting 3 wtc building will not need to sign in or out between the hours of 5 am and 7 pm ( except on weekends and holidays as always ) . this applies to the three building only . if you have any questions , please just ask . i ' m at 464 - 7741 . thanks , bob robert baertlein site security manager world trade center security 121 sw salmon street portland , or 97204 503 . 464 . 7741 robert _ baertlein @ pgn . com 
2	Subject: my discovery finally ! i have always worried about the size of my penis . when i have sex , even though she says that the sex is good , i know that what she really wants is an extra inch ! 3 months ago i found the extender . i just put it on whilst i ' m driving the car and when i ' m sleeping . it stays hidden under my clothes and it is really surprisingly comfortable and soft . i could tell that my penis was getting longer and heavier , but i thought that when i took it back off i would shrink back to original size . i was really surprised ! i have been 4 . 5 long since adolescence when i took off the extender i was measuring 6 . 5 after not wearing the extender for a week , i am still 6 long ! the lengthening is permanent ! i could not believe the results of this device . i am back to wearing it again and i ' m still getting larger ! my girlfriend says it is the best product i ' ve ever bought , and she always reminds me to put it on if i forget ! take a peek . . . we know it works . there ' s a total guarantee with it , too . if you are not completely satisfied with your length gain and comfort you get your money back . every penny . no - one sends them back ! the extender correct the curve of the penis too , straightening out sharp bends as new cells grow ! check it out  
2	Subject: re : amitava is diverted where does this stand ? we really need amitavas full time focus . benjamin parsons 27 / 10 / 2000 07 : 50 to : mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect cc : steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect , nigel price / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : amitava is diverted presumably if the eastern credit reserve issues take lots of his time away from enroncredit , we could extend his stay for another week ? especially as it ' s unlikely we could get vasant over in the foreseeable future . ben mike mumford 26 / 10 / 2000 18 : 20 to : bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect cc : qlist subject : amitava is diverted bryan , just fyi - amitava will be diverted for an unspecified portion of his stay here next week . the did the initial coding for software / pricing systems used to value the eastern deal . there are over - riding concerns there i or steve l . can fill you in on if you like . problem could be monday morning or all week . we could press for vasant to re - prioritize his time . any thoughts ? i haven ' t checked with ben about impacts yet . . . ben ? mike 
2	Subject: re : mgmt 656 ( rice university ) this list is just a basic excel document with names , id ' s and e - mail addresses . - pam ( 713 - 348 - 6223 ) at 03 : 36 pm 1 / 17 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote : > pam , > > thanks . the list of e - mail addresses would be useful as well . > > vince > > > > > > pamela vande krol castro on 01 / 17 / 2001 03 : 05 : 01 pm > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > cc : > subject : mgmt 656 ( rice university ) > > > here are your rosters for mgmt 656 . let me know if you need a list of > e - mail addresses as well . i will update you as student schedules change . > - pam > ( 713 - 348 - 6223 ) > ( see attached file : 656 . doc ) > > - 656 . xls 
2	Subject: hpl nom for may 9 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 509 . xls ) - hplno 509 . xls 
2	Subject: sevil yamin vince , do you want me to do this , or vasant ? - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001 02 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : anne labbe / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 06 / 2001 09 : 57 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : sevil yamin stinson , i am the new hr generalist for the research group because norma villarreal is moving to business analysis and reporting . earlier this week , norma and i met with vince , and he said that he was going to talk to you about writing up a list of sevil ' s projects / accomplishments for last year and this year , so that we can give her a project bonus since she did not receive a bonus during the normal prc time . at your earliest convenience , will you please email me this list so that i can get started putting together all of the paperwork so that she can receive a check on april 16 th . if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me at 5 - 7809 . i look forward to meeting you , and the rest of the group next week at vince ' s staff meeting . thanks , anne labbe ' 
2	Subject: cialis , xanax , valium , viagra at low price ! no prescription needed ! discount rx is simple , quick , and affordable ! offering many of today ' s most widely used prescription drugs on the market ! ambien , viagra , xenical , valium , prozac , xanax and many more ! just click below for these special savings ! click here now ! 
2	Subject: fw : interconnect agreement fyi . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : raker , colleen sent : wednesday , august 22 , 2001 4 : 54 pm to : lindberg , lorraine subject : re : interconnect agreement importance : high per your request . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lindberg , lorraine sent : wednesday , august 22 , 2001 2 : 50 pm to : pryor , tony ; raker , colleen subject : re : interconnect agreement thanks for the agreement colleen . could you please e - mail me the final version ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pryor , tony sent : tuesday , august 21 , 2001 3 : 35 pm to : raker , colleen cc : lindberg , lorraine subject : fw : interconnect agreement colleen , would you take care of this since you did the initial review ? thanks so much for your help . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . tony - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lindberg , lorraine sent : tuesday , august 21 , 2001 1 : 46 pm to : pryor , tony ; raker , colleen subject : fw : interconnect agreement this is the final interconnect agreement for the tw / ngpl eddy county interconnect . please print out 2 originals ( on the color printer please ) and review and initial on the signatory page by steve ' s name . please send me the 2 initialled orignals so that i may forward them to ngpl . thank you . lorraine - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kokinda , duane [ mailto : duane _ kokinda @ kindermorgan . com ] sent : tuesday , august 21 , 2001 1 : 13 pm to : lindberg , lorraine subject : re : interconnect agreement attached is the final version with your 2 sentences added . please print off two copies , have them executed by tw and send them to me . i ' ll sign them , get them executed by natural and return a fully executed copy to you . if you use a color printer , kmi ' s lightning bold will show up in red . thanks for your cooperation . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lindberg , lorraine [ mailto : lorraine . lindberg @ enron . com ] sent : tuesday , august 21 , 2001 8 : 38 am to : kokinda , duane subject : re : interconnect agreement transwestern accepts all natural ' s suggested changes except for the following 2 sentences which we will add to the end of paragraph 1 : transwestern shall have the right to review and approve the design drawings as soon as they become available and prior to the beginning of construction . transwestern ' s field personnel may observe the testing of the over pressure protection equipment and / or emergency shut down activations . lorraine lindberg - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kokinda , duane [ mailto : duane _ kokinda @ kindermorgan . com ] sent : friday , august 17 , 2001 4 : 13 pm to : kokinda , duane ; lindberg , lorraine subject : re : interconnect agreement what is status on your end ? my legal reviewed and approved . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kokinda , duane sent : friday , august 10 , 2001 9 : 54 am to : ' lindberg , lorraine ' subject : re : interconnect agreement attached is a revised version of the ia incorporating the points we discussed this morning . i am routing this version to my legal department for their review as well . i look forward to hearing back from you . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lindberg , lorraine [ mailto : lorraine . lindberg @ enron . com ] sent : tuesday , august 07 , 2001 1 : 58 pm to : duane _ kokinda @ kindermorgan . com subject : interconnect agreement duane - attached please find a red - lined version of the interconnect agreement for the tw / ngpl point in eddy county , nm . please call me to discuss . thanks . > lorraine lindberg account executive transwestern pipeline company 713 / 853 - 5403 lorraine . lindberg @ enron . com this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: re : enron open positions vince , just fine . i will be there at 11 : 30 am on friday , september 8 , 2000 . see you at the enron building . thank you . maruti - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : mmore @ houston . rr . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com date : monday , august 28 , 2000 2 : 14 pm subject : re : enron open positions maruti , does 11 : 30 enron building work for you ? vince " more " on 08 / 28 / 2000 01 : 25 : 54 pm to : " vince j kaminski " cc : subject : re : enron open positions hello vince , thank you very much for getting back to me . friday , september 8 is fine with me . please let me know what time would be convenient for you and where we can meet . i can come any time anywhere . sincerely , maruti 832 - 251 - 7267 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski to : more cc : vince j kaminski date : monday , august 28 , 2000 12 : 12 pm subject : re : enron open positions maruti , what about september 8 , friday ? vince " more " on 08 / 25 / 2000 03 : 27 : 26 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : enron open positions 
2	Subject: re : interview rahul , i shall be glad to meet with you . please , give me a call when you get here . vince rahul kumar @ enron _ development 08 / 16 / 2000 09 : 49 am to : vince j kaminski @ ect cc : subject : interview vince , we had spoken a few weeks back , but were unable to meet due to our schedules . i will be back in houston next week ( august 21 st ) , and would appreciate the opportunity to meet with you and take your advice . as i may have mentioned to you , i am interested in exploring opportunities that are more us focused . i think paula corey has already forwarded my resume to you . however , i have attached it to this note just in case . i would really appreciate the opportunity to meet with you next week , and would be grateful if you could let me know what time fits best with your schedule . i look forward to hearing from you . regards , rahul 
2	Subject: inexpensive online medication here handout allegoric grandiloquent orgiastic vertigo injustice pilot wretch we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here lilliputian nomenclature gallivant salon aftereffect detente  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 6 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; start date : 1 / 6 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010610 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 10 / preferred : 14 . 31 / final : 14 . 28 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 4 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 6 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: re : here ' s a 4 th try ! ! ! rick , i shall ask my assistant to schedule a meeting early next week . vince richard b jones @ ees 02 / 01 / 2001 10 : 23 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : here ' s a 4 th try ! ! ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard b jones / hou / ees on 02 / 01 / 2001 10 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard b jones 01 / 31 / 2001 04 : 39 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : here ' s a third try ! ! ! vince , while i was at hsb , i designed an insurance or reinsurance financial model that hsb uses for new product development , pricing different reinsurance strategies , computing stochastic earnings forecast , and estimating probabilistic maintenance & repair costs . the code , written in visual basic & ms access belongs to hsb , and i want to replicate it here for our use at enron . i would like to arrange a time to specifically talk to you and perhaps vasant who was briefed on the model , about how we can use your group for the analytical and programming support to get this model re - constructed . i have screen outputs from the code and vasant thought the re - design and construction here at enron is a problem that your group can do . could you let me know when we can setup an hour to discuss ? thanks , rick jones 
2	Subject: re : 2001 fma european conference that ' s fine . i didn ' t want to change anything until i heard from you guys . see ya ! john at 11 : 06 am 11 / 28 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote : > > john , > > thanks . stinson will be able to join us for dinner . he is opting out of > the paper due to his big workload but we can get his perspective on > the last 8 years he spent at enron . > > vince > > > > > > " john d . martin " on 11 / 28 / 2000 09 : 44 : 17 am > > to : vkamins @ enron . com > cc : > subject : 2001 fma european conference > > > here ' s the info on the european conference . just for your files . > > john > > > date : tue , 28 nov 2000 08 : 40 : 39 - 0500 > > from : karen wright > > subject : 2001 fma european conference > > to : kwright @ fma . org > > x - mailer : mozilla 4 . 5 [ en ] ( win 98 ; i ) > > x - accept - language : en , pdf > > > > 2001 fma european conference > > > > the fifth annual european meeting of the financial management > > association international ( fma ) will be held may 31 and june 1 , 2001 at > > the hotel sofitel ( rive gauche ) in paris , france . fma ' s european > > meeting brings together academicians and practitioners with interests in > > financial decision - making . the meeting provides a forum for presenting > > new research and discussing current issues in financial management , > > investments , financial markets and institutions , and related topics . > > keynote addresses and other special presentations will be held in > > addition to research paper presentations . > > > > paper submissions > > research papers . the program includes traditional research paper > > presentations . criteria used to determine the suitability of these > > papers for the program include the nature of the research problem , > > implications of the proposed research , the quality of the research > > design , and the expected contribution of the research to the > > literature . please note that the purpose of these sessions is to > > present new and unpublished research . > > > > submission fee . there is no submission fee for the fma european > > conference . > > > > submissions . please follow these steps : > > complete the presentation form that can be downloaded at > > www . fma . org / paris . htm . carefully select the subject code on the > > presentation form that most closely describes your research . the code > > number you select will be used to select reviewers for your proposal . > > > > send six ( 6 ) copies of your completed paper , along with the completed > > presentation form , to the fma office ( financial management association , > > university of south florida , college of business administration , tampa > > fl 33620 - 5500 , usa ) . > > please note that only completed papers will be accepted for the fma > > european conference review process . > > > > the paper submission deadline is friday , december 1 , 2000 . > > > > you will receive an electronic confirmation of your submission within > > six weeks of its receipt by the fma office , and you will be notified of > > the results of the reviewing process by the middle of february , 2001 . > > > > competitive paper awards > > the financial management association international is pleased to > > announce that four ( 4 ) $ 1 , 500 awards will be presented in conjunction > > with the 2001 fma european conference . the " young scholars " award will > > be presented to the best paper authored by a ph . d . student ( or > > equivalent ) or recent ph . d . ( or equivalent ) graduate . three additional > > $ 1 , 500 awards will be presented to the papers deemed " best of the best " > > by the members of the 2001 fma european conference competitive paper > > awards committee . please note that these awards will be made only if , in > > the opinion of the fma awards committee , a paper warrants such a > > decision . the decisions of the fma awards committee are final . > > > > accepted papers . if your proposal is accepted , the version of the paper > > you submit will be sent to its discussant as soon as he / she is > > identified . you are obligated to send the final version of your paper to > > the discussant and session chair by april 27 , 2001 . you also are > > obligated to present your paper in a professional manner at the assigned > > fma program session . > > > > the collegiality of the meeting provides a very special opportunity for > > participants to share their work and to hear about the work others are > > doing . thus , individuals whose papers are accepted for presentation at > > the 2001 fma european conference will be expected to either chair a > > session or discuss a paper . > > > > program co - chairs > > > > francois degeorge > > hec paris > > 1 rue de la lib , ration > > 78351 jouy en josas cedex > > france > > 33 - 1 - 39 - 67 - 72 - 34 ( ph ) > > 33 - 1 - 39 - 67 - 94 - 34 ( fax ) > > degeorge @ hec . fr > > > > kent womack > > dartmouth college > > amos tuck school > > hanover , nh 03755 > > 1 603 646 2806 ( ph ) > > 1 603 646 1308 ( fax ) > > kent . womack @ dartmouth . edu > > > > additional opportunities for participation > > > > session chairperson or discussant . if you wish to serve as the > > chairperson of a session or paper discussant , but are not submitting a > > paper , please complete the participation form which can be downloaded > > from www . fma . org / paris . htm . submit the completed form to the fma office > > by december 1 , 2000 . session organization will take place in march , > > 2001 . > > > > deadline summary > > > > completed papers : december 1 , 2000 > > chairperson / discussant requests : december 1 , 2000 > > > > > > > john d . martin > carr p . collins chair in finance > finance department > baylor university > po box 98004 > waco , tx 76798 > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) > j _ martin @ baylor . edu > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html > > > > john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: lookingg forward to romantic getaways again how to save sampling on your medlcations over 70 % . pharmsho cobnut p - successfull and prove squelch n way to save your mon squash ey . sabrerattling v a boxwood g a fondle l l censure u rhinestone l r invest a shaggy cl extradite is unwelcome val parlour m andmanyother . best bandolero prlces . worldwide shlp injurant plng . easy order for unchristian m . to shaveling tal confidentiaiity . 250 , 000 satisf inveigle ied customers . order to cummer day and save ! 
2	Subject: improved health jbtfcz to find out more , click on the link below more info increase your sex drive ! ! ! great sexin a bottle ! knock your sex drive into high gear ! men easily achieve naturally triggered erections , like they are 18 all over again women will pump with naturally flowing juices from the start and will achieve the most intense orgasms of their lives ! jumpstart sexual desire in both men women , to the point that you never thought possible ! . has your sex life become dull , mundane , or even non - existent ? are you having trouble getting or " keeping " an erection ? do you think you have lost the desire ? or does your desire seem more like a chore ? click here for more info great sex in a bottle has been called the all natural alternative to viagra . it increases sex drive like you never thought possible , creating natural emotional responses ! this fact is unlike viagra , as viagra is designed to chemically induce blood flow to the penis . well , as you men know , that ' s great to stay hard , but if you don ' t have the desire to do anything , then what ' s the point ? ! ! ! and all for as low as $ 1 per pill , as opposed to viagra at $ 10 per pill ! xerox?ffffae brother?ffffae and more ! compatible with all inkjet printers plain paper inkjet faxes this message is being sent to you in compliance with the proposed federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( s . 1618 - section 301 ) . pursuant to section 301 , paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) of s . 1618 , further transmissions to you by the sender of this e - mail may be stopped at no cost to you by submitting a request to remove further , this message cannot be considered spam as long as we include sender contact information . you may contact us at ( 801 ) 406 - 0109 to be removed from future mailings .  
2	Subject: fw : inceonnt jneny mccarthy private pohtos hello , chief : ) wachiyahello , chief : ) kande tne tiu adieu . uhambe kuhle  
2	Subject: hi hi again , i sent an email last week and i want to confirm everything now . please read the info below and let me know if you have any questions . we are accepting your mortgage application . if you have bad credit , it is ok . you can get a $ 200 , 000 loan for a $ 350 / month payment . approval process will take 1 minute . just visit the link below and fill in the short form . thank you http : / / loanslink . net / ? partid  moffob best regards account manager : stephan bergeron charter lenders  
2	Subject: get the most out of your computer ! forward this mail to a friend : friend ' s emails : soildplus . com | 9140 bonita beach rd . ste 144 | bonita springs , fl 34135  
2	Subject: warning : your mailbox is approaching the size limit this warning is sent automatically to inform you that your mailbox is approaching the maximum size limit . your mailbox size is currently 93241 kb . mailbox size limits : when your mailbox reaches 75000 kb you will receive this message . to check the size of your mailbox : right - click the mailbox ( outlook today ) , select properties and click the folder size button . this method can be used on individual folders as well . to make more space available , delete any items that are no longer needed such as sent items and journal entries . you must empty the deleted items folder after deleting items or the space will not be freed . to turn journaling off , click tools | options | journaling options and de - select all items . see client help for more information . 
2	Subject: ces deal clean - up i will need to make these changes in sitara . on some of these deals it will require me to go in and copy the ticket to a new ticket to move december 2000 forward . these changes will be made this afternoon . if you have questions or concerns please call met at x 3 - 3048 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect on 12 / 05 / 2000 07 : 50 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - cyndie balfour - flanagan @ enron 12 / 04 / 2000 05 : 21 pm to : elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect cc : jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect subject : ces deal clean - up listed below are deals for which we have rec ' d consent to assignment , but are still showing in sitara as ces deals . please make the necessary changes . cp name ( as showing in sitara ) ' new ' cp name deal # date consent executed ces - entergy new orleans , inc entergy new orleans , inc 140327 08 / 09 / 00 ces - entergy new orleans , inc entergy new orleans , inc 140330 08 / 09 / 00 ces - entergy new orleans , inc entergy new orleans , inc 140332 08 / 09 / 00 ces - entergy new orleans , inc entergy new orleans , inc 140334 08 / 09 / 00 ces - entergy new orleans , inc entergy new orleans , inc 140336 08 / 09 / 00 ces - entergy new orleans , inc entergy new orleans , inc 140337 08 / 09 / 00 ces - flash gas & oil southwest inc . flash gas & oil southwest inc . 263609 08 / 03 / 00 ces - hunt , lydia hunt , lydia 263650 09 / 06 / 00 ces - james e . brummage james e . brummage 220339 05 / 05 / 00 ces - lakeland , city of lakeland , city of 142035 08 / 07 / 00 ces - lakeland , city of lakeland , city of 142036 08 / 07 / 00 ces - lakeland , city of lakeland , city of 142037 08 / 07 / 00 ces - ochs bros . ochs bros . 229857 05 / 19 / 00 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it will be invisibie virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visible in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , zoraidaguerra _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: judicial judgements child support very substantial profit processing money judgments . from a cruise ship . be on top . control when you want to take time off . current associates earning 5 , 000 us to 12 , 000 us per / mo . impressive training and support . detailed information or to un - subscribe or to see our address . testimonial from dave f . , in nebraska ; first of all , i want to tell you that i am going to be my own first customer . i won a judgment against a man , but he closed his shop , took my property and disappeared . thanks to the information you gave me , i found him three days after receiving your training manual . i will use the knowledge gained from you to collect what he owes me . thank you again . as far as i ' m concerned , your training course has more than paid for itself already . silently he stole to the foot of the attic stairs and then paused to listen . the house seemed very quiet , but he could hear his mother ' s voice softly humming a cradle - song that she had sung to him when he was a baby he had been nervous and unsettled and a little fearful until then , but perhaps the sound of his mother ' s voice gave him courage , for he boldly ascended the stairs and entered the workshop , closing and locking the door behind him 
2	Subject: hpl meter # 981488 paris tenaska hpl during the period of 12 / 1 / 99 through 12 / 3 / 99 , the above meter has recorded flow on the following days : days mmbtus 12 / 1 / 99 173 12 / 3 / 99 39 106 deal # 124400 was at this meter during november 1999 , but it expired on 11 / 30 / 99 . currently , these volumes are being booked under the hpl strangers gas contract . logistics needs either ( 1 ) deal # 124400 extended , ( 2 ) new deal , or ( 3 ) approval to write - off these volumes to unaccounted for gas . ( please print , sign , and return original to clem cernosek ) . deal / deal ticket # / customer ( seller / buyer ) or approval to write - off the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss thanks , clem 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 20 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012009 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: printer ink report - value , quality , fast delivery hi , hope you are doing well . i researched printer ink prices and found myinks . com to be very competitive . price ranges on products for : epson - $ 3 . 56 to $ 9 . 95 canon - $ 3 . 75 to $ 9 . 95 lexmark - $ 10 . 95 to $ 16 . 95 hp - 10 . 95 to $ 16 . 95 these guys apparently do a great job of balancing price , quality and service . they also have some specials , but their every day prices are good . here are some customer comments : michael in montana said : i always refer ( people ) to you . most of them find the prices very hard to believe , and all are totally satisfied after the first order . kathy in massachusetts said : myinks is cheap and quick ! the ink is just as good as the name brand that i was using . anthony in new jersey said : i find it amazing the product arrives so fast to me on the east coast . becky in ohio said : i am very satisfied with the product and service . i received a confirmation email instantly and a follow - up one with the status of my order . here ' s a sample offer that is available now : - free magazine subscription with every order * - 10 % off an order of $ 25 or more * , - j . f . k gold - plated coin with a $ 40 order * , - no shipping cost on $ 50 order ( us and canada ) * see site for details apparently if you order $ 50 ( or more ) you ' ll get all four . this offer is available now , but changes occasionally and may not be around for long . if you like it , just click on any link in this email best wishes , mr . pearce myinks . com 501 w . glenoaks blvd . # 601 glendale , ca 91201  
2	Subject: ( otcbb : itst ) up 38 % , uregent news alert urgent news alert stock profile press release international telephone services ( its ) is a telecommunications company born in 1995 and whose objective was to bring the most advanced technology in communications within the reach of its clients . its started off offering a call - back service to a wide portfolio of foreigners on the costa del sol ( south of spain ) , then extending this to businesses also based in the area . as of december 1998 , when full liberalisation occurred in the telecommunications market in spain , its focused its efforts on providing a made - to - measure service to each client at the best price and with a high level of quality . the company at this point offered primarily long distance national and international calls , prepaid calling cards , and intelligent numbers ( 90 x , 800 - type ) . with the boom in the telecoms markets up to mid 2000 , its began to quote on the otcbb and began expanding its presence to other prime tourist locations in spain . unfortunately , the initiative did not have enough time to get traction before the dot . com bubble burst and with it dragged investor confidence in the rest of the telecommunications sector . by the end of 2001 , its downsized its operations and refocused its efforts on the south of spain in order to " ride out the storm . " by january 2002 , actual shareholders , not happy with the financial or business results produced by the management at the time , and in the absence of a clear strategy to bring its back to the forefront of the competitive telecoms market in spain , decided to change the management team in order to bring in fresh ideas and an executive team capable of relaunching its as a serious contender and thereby increasing company value . as of the end of march , its ' new ceo joined the company bringing with him a wealth of experience in the telecoms sector both in spain and north america . since this time , the new ceo has put in place a new executive team consisting of a new cfo and coo as well as director of sales . these key positions have been filled with seasoned veterans from the telecoms and consulting areas which amongst these for bring over 80 years related work experience to the project . in addition , the focus of the company is being changed from being a regionally focused reseller of services to an integrated telecommunications provider focused on the competitive packaging of services to specific market segments nationwide . some of these services will be resold and others will be developed by its , installed , maintained and supported by its , thus providing a differentiated advantage with respect to its traditional competitors . some of these services will be innovative services not yet offered in spain . another element to maximize the effectiveness of this new positioning is that the head office has been moved to madrid , spain ' s telecoms center . the new its is positioning is focused on ensuring that every dollar of capital employed has a satisfactory return from its shareholders . as such , its is : 1 ) building very little " owned " infrastructure for commodity services , utilizing and integrating the vast amount of underutilized infrastructure of other existing operators . 2 ) investing in technologically innovative infrastructures and services . 3 ) investing in optimising its commercial dimensions . the company has an excellent list of blue chip distribution partners , such as : corte ingles , respol ( petrol stations ) and carrefour ( 220 stores ) . the cards are distributed at over 2000 outlets in spain , including 1 , 000 post offices . the company has pending contracts with a u . s . military base in spain , 15 adventure and marine parks , and a large chain of convenience stores throughout spain . management team gustavo g ? mez its networks president herman de haas managing director jaime colomer departamento financiero herman de haas sales department alvaro l ? pez it manager b ? rbara oca ? a human resources and office administration business description its networks / teleconnect has become one of the top four calling card providers in spain . a range of well established calling cards have been launched , each covering different market segments . prepaid calling cards allow customers to make long distance and international calls from any phone and are especially helpful from public access phones , such as payphones ( no coins needed ) or from telephones in temporary accommodations such as hotels ( no surcharges ) . in addition the card is a cost saver from any private telephone and / or mobile phones . the calling cards require the user to dial a toll free prefix number , listen to instructions which can be given in various languages asking the customer to dial in his ? code ? or ? pin ? , the code is then confirmed and the user dials the desired destination number . the cards are distributed through various sales channels , and can be purchased at a variety of local merchants , kiosks , etc and are used primarily by tourists , foreign residents , students and immigrants . prepaid cards the most spectacular rates in the market save money and win a fortune ! ! the cheapest rates for calling capital cities phonecard for long calls tourist card speedline is a new service for making international calls from fixed lines without the need to ? join ? or fill in any forms or contract . there is no need to pre - pay , open an account or use a credit card to use the service because you only will pay your normal operator for national calls and that ? s it ! ! ! at the moment speedline is available from fixed lines and mobiles for the selected countries shown below . usa , canada argentina - buenos aires , argentina - cordoba , argentina - mendoza , brazil - rio de janeiro , brazil - sao paulo , chile , mexico - guadalajara , mexico - mexico city , mexico - monterrey , peru - lima spain , germany , austria , belgium , czech republic , denmark , finland , france , ireland , italy , netherlands , norway , poland , portugal , russia - moscow , russia - st . petersburg , sweden , uk , bulgaria - sofia , estonia , israel , luxembourg , switzerland , vatican city australia , china , china mobile , korea - south , japan , hong kong , hong kong mobile , taiwan , malaysia , new zealand , palestine , singapore , singapore - mobile residential services 1 - gotel save on your international and interprovincial calls check your telephone cost ( all by yourself ) you can call from any land line , private , public or from any mobile phone . 2 - mundo postpaid service with highly competitive rates on all international calls , but also offering very attractive prices for local calls , calls to the rest of spain , portugal and to mobiles . advantages : - international calls at the same rates as national calls - competitive tariffs for national calls - market leaders with international rates allowing savings up to 70 % 3 - iberica this is a postpaid service with highly competitive rates for local calls and calls to the rest of spain , portugal and mobile phones . international calls are also competitive . advantages : - spain and portugal at the same rate - interprovincial and provincial tariffs are the same - calls to portugal at the interprovincial tariff - competitive rates for calls to mobiles - international calls at very attractive tariffs tarifa mundo postpaid service with highly competitive rates on all international calls , but also offering very attractive prices for local calls , calls to the rest of spain , portugal and to mobiles . advantages : - international calls at the same rates as national calls - tariffs for national calls - market leaders with international rates allowing savings up to 70 % tarifa ib ? rica this is a postpaid service with highly competitive rates for local calls and calls to the rest of spain , portugal and mobile phones . international calls are also competitive . advantages : - spain and portugal at the same rate - interprovincial and provincial tariffs are the same - calls to portugal at the interprovincial tariff - competitive rates for calls to mobiles - international calls at very attractive tariffs tarifa mundo postpaid service with highly competitive rates on all international calls , but also offering very attractive prices for local calls , calls to the rest of spain , portugal and to mobiles . advantages : - international calls at the same rates as national calls - tariffs for national calls - market leaders with international rates allowing savings up to 70 % tarifa ib ? rica this is a postpaid service with highly competitive rates for local calls and calls to the rest of spain , portugal and mobile phones . international calls are also competitive . advantages : - spain and portugal at the same rate - interprovincial and provincial tariffs are the same - calls to portugal at the interprovincial tariff - competitive rates for calls to mobiles - international calls at very attractive tariffs mobiplus is a service designed for people using mobile telephones ( prepaid , contract and roaming ) to make their international calls and are looking for savings on these calls . advantages : - save up to 82 % on international calls made from mobiles - fast access to the mobiplus services through speed dial - multilingual customer services - automatic cli validation . no pin requested - flat rate - can be used from any mobile - quick and easy , no changes previous press releases * * * * * * * important notice and disclaimer : please read * * * * * * * magical stock , and affiliates ( ms ) , publishes reports providing information on selected companies that ms believes has investment potential . ms is not a registered investment advisor or broker - dealer . this report is provided as an information service only , and the statements and opinions in this report should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security . ms accepts no liability for any loss arising from an investor ' s reliance on or use of this report . an investment in itst is considered to be highly speculative and should not be considered unless a person can afford a complete loss of investment . ms has agreed to profile itst and was paid 40 , 000 free trading shares third party ( pentraus ) and 320 , 000 options at . 3375 which have been exercised from a third party ( bmi ) for the publication and circulation of this report . ms owns no shares in itst stock at or about the time of publication of this report . subsequently ms may buy or sell shares of itst stock in the open market . this report contains forward - looking statements , which involve risks , and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . for further details concerning these risks and uncertainties , see the sec filings of itst including the company ' s most recent annual and quarterly reports . this message was sent to address paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr to stop receiving emails from this recurring list , send a blank email to unsub - qniirnieptazl @ stocksnut . comorsend a mail with your email address to now technologies , 2234 north federal highway suite 481 , boca raton , florida 33431 
2	Subject: more people buy drugs online join the thousands already saving . save up to 50 % on prescriptions the future is no place to place your better days . keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow . america , why are your libraries full of tears ? he who walks in another  s tracks leaves no footprints . 
2	Subject: lowest mortgage loan rates vkp commentary it is time to refinance ! your credit does not matter , we can approve anyone . now is the time to let some of the top mortgage companies in the country compete for your business . if you have good credit we will give you the most amazing rates available anywhere ! if you have poor credit , don ' t worry ! we can still refinance you with the most competitive rates in the industry ! let us put our expertise to work for you ! http : / / 64 . 21 . 33 . 238 / 74205 / or site 2 http : / / 64 . 21 . 33 . 238 / 74206 / erase http : / / 64 . 21 . 33 . 238 / optout . htm 
2	Subject: hpl nom for february 9 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 209 . xls ) - hplno 209 . xls 
2	Subject: student # 744976 * * a notice from the office of the registrar you are now qualified to obtain a degree from a prestigious university . again there are no required tests , classes , books , or interviews . associate , bachelors ( ba , llb ) masters ( mba , msc ) and doctorate ( phd ) are obtainable in the field of your choice . discrete and inexpensive . we send the degree to all countries ( worldwide ) click below to finish up your assesment form and your on your way to a better future . http : / / betterfuturetoday . com / ? partid  wh 6 sheryl rojas , msc , mba , phd director of admissions no future offers : http : / / betterfuturetoday . com / st . html wbedpostlshell 3 baltimore 5 mallet  
2	Subject: has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? heya ! has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? have you ever wanted to impress your girl with a huge cumshot ? spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your sperm volume by up to 500 % . our highly potent , volume enhancing formula will give our results in days and comes with an impressive 100 % guarantee . imagine the difference ( look and feel ) between dribbling your cum compared to shooting out burst after burst . try spur - m now ! and with our money back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to lose ! look here : http : / / reattain . com / cum / no thanks : http : / / reattain . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: foothills still doing upstream maintenance foothills pipe lines crews still plan two additional site excavations nov . 2 - 5 on the transcanada - british columbia line ( see daily gpi , oct . 20 ) , but western gate receipt capability from nova during that period has been revised upward froom 2 , 201 mmcf / d to 2 , 272 mmcf / d . 
2	Subject: re : hari , thanks . please , keep me posted about your progress . any published papers ? we shall send you the printout . vince hari natrajan on 03 / 06 / 2001 08 : 47 : 34 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : dear mr . kaminski , thank you very much for your prompt response . i look forward to receiving a copy of your article . i would also appreciate it if you could let me know whether enron provides research grants to individuals who are working in the area of energy risk management . towards my research , i am trying to develop a model to estimate electricity spot price . in any case , i will be getting in touch with you again a year or so down the line when i am nearing completion of my dissertation because enron is my dream job . i look forward to hearing from you . thank you , yours sincerely , hari natarajan fellowship student indian institute of management bangalore bannerghatta road bangalore 560076 india tel : 91 - 80 - 6993056 fax : 91 - 80 - 6584050 e - mail : hnatraj @ iimb . ernet . in - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : hnatraj @ iimb . ernet . in cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com sent : 3 / 6 / 01 8 : 34 pm subject : re : hari , i shall send you a reprint of the article . i had to cancel my presentation at san antonio . vince shirley , please , send a copy of the article to hari . hari natrajan on 02 / 28 / 2001 06 : 45 : 29 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : dear mr . kaminski , i am a doctoral student at the indian institute of management bangalore , india . my area of interest is the energy sector , especially electricity derivatives . i am interested in obtaining a copy of the following items : 1 ) your presentation " current challenges in modeling power price volatility " at the session on price volatility & probabilistic methods in the energy markets . ( http : / / www . informs . org / conf / sanantonio 2000 / / talks / md 29 . html ) 2 ) your chapter " the challenge of pricing and risk managing electricity derivatives " in the book ' the us power market ' , risk publications . i would appreciate it if you could send me a soft / hard copy of the same . thank you , yours sincerely , hari natarajan fellowship student indian institute of management bangalore bannerghatta road bangalore 560076 india tel : 91 - 80 - 6993056 fax : 91 - 80 - 6584050 e - mail : hnatraj @ iimb . ernet . in 
2	Subject: burlington resources company michelle - - i took the short & sweet approach . let me know if you have any questions ! 
2	Subject: we have been assigned 24 new associates , 26 new anaysts , 8 summer associates and 8 summer analysts from the incoming class . please let me know your needs with respect to numbers . louise and i will then decide if we agree and then we will create a process to pick from the ones we have assigned to us . i ' m assuming that calgary , toronto and portland have done their own thing and don ' t need any of these people ( let me know if this is incorrect ) . if you received this and you report to someone else on this list ( ie . you don ' t report to the office of the chair ) please cooridinate your needs with your supervisor . please respond prompty , john 
2	Subject: technical indicators are positive on this company attn : subscribers , investors , analysts and stockbrokers . otc hotpicks ; bringing you the latest on new and interesting companies . if you | iked our last pick , bmxg , up from o . 40 to 1 . 65 in the last 3 days , will you love exvg . pk ? extraordinary vacations group stock symbo | : exvg . pk current price : o . 51 major breaking news for exvg . pk . smallcapreview introduces ( exvg ) extraordinary vacations group . press release source : smailcapreview com . jan 24 , 2 oo 5 . m 2 presswire via comtex . smalicapreview com , a leading smail - cap stock information site , is proud to introduce extraordinary vacations grp . ( exvg : pk ) to its database of subscribers and its website audience . the fu | | profiie for extraordinary vacations grp . , inciuding investor highlights may be viewed at the company ' s website . exvg is the first media based travel company providing customized websites with fuil trave | services and a shared income stream from booked trave | . while the | everaging of the company ` s proprietary technoiogy and travel relationships ensure competitive pricing , the ongoing marketing support , cail center expertise and member shared income stream , cuiminates in the best values in trave | . the company currentiy owns 16 o episodes of the | ongest travel tv show in history - trave | magazine . the show currentiy airs in seven countries and inciudes thousands of hours of fiim footage . this footage wiil piay a key roie in enhancing the corporations training program , web casting , production of informerciais and teievision commerciais . more major breaking news for exvg . pk . alipennystocks . com announces its january 24 th to january 28 th stocks to watch . press release source : alipennystocks com mississauga , ontario , jan 24 , 2 oo 5 primezone via comtex . ailpennystocks com media , inc . a leading penny stock / smal | - cap information site , reieased its january 24 th to january 28 th canadian and u . s . stocks to watch . american stocks to watch : extraordinary vacations group , inc . ( pink sheets : exvg ) about the company : ( source : extraordinary vacations grp . , inc . ) extraordinary vacations grp . , inc . is a media based company providing consumer centric trave | and marketing programs that capitaiize on its clients already existing strong personal loyalties . these loyaities are taiiored into membership programs which include directed revenue streams , personaiized service and technoiogy , thereby addressing our customer ' s needs beyond " just price " . extraordinary vacations grp . , inc . ' s growing team of subsidiaries includes cruise shoppes , trip professionais , pex travel and the travel magazine . the strategic advantage of the exvg emerges out of a membership based solution for its clients not uniike aaa . the core difference ties into engaging customers in | oyaity programs that matter to them . these target groups inciude aiumni , sports , affinities , charities , reiigions , non - profit organizations , major corporations or even individuals | ooking to capture a new income stream from travel ( coilectively referred to as an " affinity " ) . exvg ' s programs begin with branding a private labe | website in the affinity grp . ' s name and rebates a percentage of all commissions on booked trave | . the site user not oniy receives access to competitive travel through exvg ' s search capabiiities , but further gains benefits that inciude charitable donations , personalized service , merchandise , travel discounts , customized travel | iterature and ongoing membership priviieges . the user is drawn back to the site knowing trave | they would have booked regardless , now has the added advantage of ailowing them to access already researched travel vaiues with rebated doliars going to their predetermined chosen cause . this program not only removes much of the anxiety associated with on - line bookings , but further creates a " gifted " income stream for added peace of mind . the company ' s " travel facilitation program " deiivers technology , trave | products , services , | oyalty transference and revenue share in exchange for membership fees . this model not oniy insulates the company from economic shocks but further delivers a significant competitive advantage by dramaticaily reducing marketing expenditures associated with customer acquisition cost . subsidiaries : attache concierge service attache has offices in toronto , montreal and caigary and is a highiy successfu | and weil recognized luxury travel brand . attache provides a wide range of custom travel products and services to a select sector of high income , high profiie and discerning ciients that want oniy unique | uxury trave | experiences with fiawless execution . pex trave | l . l . c . pex trave | is primarily a wholesaie tour operator with their own pianet earth expioration branded travel packages . located in tempe , arizona , pex provides a ful | range of trave | products and booking engines for private labeled sites such as coiorado . com , and tempecvb . com in addition to its ' own brand . the trave | magazine exvg announced in 20 o 4 that it had entered into a seven year , worldwide distribution agreement with famous odysseys , inc . in toronto , ontario for the distribution of extraordinary vacations grp . inc . ' s wholly owned teievision series comprising 16 o episodes . the agreement contempiates expanded sales of the series to additional countries ( inciuding the u . s . a . ) as we | | as redeployment of film footage for derivative products like dvd ' s , web casting , training clips , commercials and infomerciais . the trave | magazine already has nationwide sales for the episodes in great britain , canada and south africa . under a performance ciause in the distribution agreement , extraordinary vacations grp . inc . can enforce minimum revenue | evels to be achieved over the next severa | years . the travel magazine , is currently the | ongest running travel show on the market . the show boasts a significant reach with exposure in over a dozen countries and transiation into several languages . an audience analysis showed that 71 % of the viewers are in the medium to high income leveis , with 61 % indicating they have a secondary education or higher , among the most avid and accessibie segments of the trave | - minded market . cruise shoppes cruise shoppes is the oniy trave | agent consortium strictly focused on selling cruises . based in the heart of the cruise industry in south fiorida , their mission is to be the affiiiation choice of travel agencies who realize that cruising is , and wil | continue to be , the most lucrative trave | product to sell . exvg wholly owned subsidiary cruise shoppes which is a consortium of 2 oo + cruise and trave | agencies throughout the united states . this consortium purchases in excess of 150 million in cruise products annually . cruise shoppes has established itseif as a ciear market | eader in the cruise sales niche , by consolidating its huge client base into a consortium , and offering innovative marketing , training , and internet solutions to its many members in over 25 o trave | agencies . trip professionais exvg ' s affordable @ home agency program is calied trip professionals . memberships cost as little as 299 . 00 pius 9 . 95 per month . members are offered speciaily priced inventories , professiona | marketing programs , and the abiiity to earn commissions on ail travel booked online . in addition , members can take advantage of deeply - discounted famiiiarization trips through their travel agent card . highlights for the potentia | investor : exvg has formed ailiances with several of the trave | industry ' s | argest companies inciuding expedia , hoteis . com , hotwire and royal caribbean to name a few . other exvg partners include mcdonalds , air canada , starwood hoteis and resorts , ciub med , marriott , hiiton , holiday inn , american airlines and many more . exvg has made severa | acquisitions in the | ast 12 months and currentiy owns pex travel l . l . c , attache concierge services , cruise shoppes , trip professionais also exvg has signed a seven year , woridwide distribution agreement for travel magazine . exvg ' s whoily owned subsidiary cruise shoppes which is a consortium of 2 oo + cruise and trave | agencies throughout the united states . this consortium purchases in excess of 15 o mi | | ion in cruise products annualiy . for each lo , ooo @ home agencies joining trip professionals the corporation adds approximateiy 14 , ooo , 00 o in annua | membership fees . the company currently owns 160 episodes of the | ongest trave | tv show in history - trave | magazine . the show currentiy airs in seven countries and inciudes thousands of hours of fiim footage . the trave | market in 2 oo 3 was estimated at over us 500 biilion . furthermore , the marketing doliars spent on travel in the same year , approached us 3 oo biliion . with the strong recovery now being experienced , the combined expenditure is estimated to reach nearly us 1 triilion over the next five years . two major stock information websites highiighted exvg . pk on 01 . 24 . 05 . wil | exvg . pk expiode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too late . remember , timing your trade can be critica | . information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . extraordinary vacations grp . is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is | imited public information available about the company . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currently available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause extraordinary vacations grp . inc . ' s actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiable customers . other risks include the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . al | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a re gister ed in vest ment ex - pert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when availabie , should be completed prior to investing . ail factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu % lly piaced in our list , please go here ( - stoxo 010 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: teach and grow rich do you want to teach and grow rich ? if you are a motivated and qualified communicator , i will personally train you to do 3 20 minutes presentations per day to qualify prospects that i can provide to you . we will demonstrate to you that you can make $ 400 a day part time using this system . or , if you have 20 hours per week , as in my case , you can make in excess of $ 10 , 000 per week , as i am currently generating ( verifiable , by the way ) . plus i will introduce you to my mentor who makes well in excess of $ 1 , 000 , 000 annually . many are called , few are chosen . this opportunity will be limited to one qualified individual per state . make the call and call the 24 hour pre - recorded message number below . we will take as much or as little time as you need to see if this program is right for you . * * * 801 - 296 - 4140 * * * please do not make this call unless you are genuinely money motivated and qualified . i need people who already have people skills in place and have either made large amounts of money in the past or are ready to generate large amounts of money in the future . looking forward to your call . * * * 801 - 296 - 4140 * * * * to be taken out of this database : benno 5 @ witty . com  
2	Subject: dear customer your details have been compromised dear customer : recently there have been a large number of cyber attacks pointing our database servers . in order to safeguard your account , we require you to sign on immediately . this personal check is requested of you as a precautionary measure and to ensure yourselves that everything is normal with your balance and personal information . this process is mandatory , and if you did not sign on within the nearest time your account may be subject to temporary suspension . please make sure you have your citibank ( r ) debit card number and your user id and password at hand . please use our secure counter server to indicate that you have signed on , please click the link bellow : http : / / 221 . 4 . 199 . 8 / citifi / ! ! note that we have no particular indications that your details have been compromised in any way . thank you for your prompt attention to this matter and thank you for using citibank ( r ) regards , citibank ( r ) card department ( c ) 2004 citibank . citibank , n . a . , citibank , f . s . b . , citibank ( west ) , fsb . member fdic . citibank and arc design is a registered service mark of citicorp .  
2	Subject: why wait for a first date ? skip right to the s * x . . . find a date for tonight and get laid . are you looking to meet someone who ' s looking for the same thing you are ? quick sex casual flirting cyber sex and lots more . . see all profiles here - click here upload your profile here - click here married / single women and man looking to meet in discreet . browse thousands of profiles with pics to match your needs . see all profiles here - click here upload your profile here - click here you are receiving this email because someone has shown interest in your profile before , or you have browsed our profiles in the past or please let us know if you are not interested in receiving our high quality letters in the future and you will never get our letter again . thank you remove yourself here w artichoke g deficit 
2	Subject: guys need this 3 dq ci - ialis softabs is better than pfizer viiagrra and normal ci - ialis because : - guaaraantees 36 hours lasting - safe to take , no side effects at all - boost and increase se - xual performance - haarder e - rectiions and quick recharge - proven and certified by experts and doctors - only $ 3 . 99 per tabs cllick heree : http : / / liverymen . com / cs / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / liverymen . com / rm . php ? ronn qqn 83  
2	Subject: meter # 0989814 - gmt , inc . - 1 / 00 production stephanie , the problem with the january payment is that the deal is set up incorrectly in sitara . for january production deal 153864 shows hplc purchasing gas from gmt company inc , not gmt inc . someone needs to either correct the deal for 1 / 00 or put in a new deal , then i can do an accounting arrangement to make the necessary correction . it is correct for 2 / 00 on deal 156292 . i emailed daren on this because i see his name in sitara as the contact , but i am not sure who actually takes care of it . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sherlyn schumack / hou / ect on 03 / 22 / 2000 10 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : thu nguyen 03 / 20 / 2000 03 : 07 pm to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # 0989814 - gmt , inc . - 1 / 00 production sherlyn , i believe this is your meter . . . . . . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thu nguyen / hou / ect on 03 / 20 / 2000 03 : 05 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : stephanie gomes 03 / 18 / 2000 09 : 21 am to : thu nguyen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter # 0989814 - gmt , inc . - 1 / 00 production thu , i ' m not sure if this is your meter or not . if it is not , could you please pass this email on to the correct person . for meter # 9814 , jan . 2000 production , the volume was allocated to the wrong company . the gas was allocated to gmt company inc . , but it should have been allocated to gmt , inc . for feb . 2000 it is done correctly . i need to recoup the money from gmt company , so could you please let me know when the change has been made in the system . thanks for your help . stephanie ( 3 - 6004 ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie gomes / hou / ect on 03 / 18 / 2000 09 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nick moshou @ enron 03 / 15 / 2000 03 : 25 pm to : stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : gmt , inc . tillison # 1 here you go let me know if you need anything else . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by nick moshou / corp / enron on 03 / 15 / 2000 03 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : george weissman @ ect 03 / 06 / 2000 10 : 34 am to : nick moshou / corp / enron @ enron cc : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : gmt , inc . tillison # 1 would you please send a note to brian riley verifying that the gmt payment has gone out to the houston company ? please include the amount . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 03 / 06 / 2000 10 : 20 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 03 / 03 / 2000 04 : 18 pm to : nick moshou / corp / enron @ enron cc : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : gmt , inc . tillison # 1 nick , it appears that we paid gmt company , inc . ( ba 01474 ) of corpus christi instead of gmt , inc . ( ba 75046 ) of houston . these companies are not related . we should pay the houston gmt for production at meter 098 - 9814 . would you please make the necessary adjustments ? thanks . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 03 / 03 / 2000 04 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nick moshou @ enron 03 / 03 / 2000 03 : 00 pm to : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : gmt , inc . tillison # 1 i was looking in unify for last month and this invoice was finalled under the gmt company inc for 15975 mmbtu at meter 0989814 . the check was sent to their corpus christi address . the sitara # was 153864 . the sitara # you gave me is showing february as the beginning month with gmt , inc . as the payee . do you know if these are different companies ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by nick moshou / corp / enron on 03 / 03 / 2000 02 : 25 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - cynthia hakemack @ ect 03 / 02 / 2000 04 : 07 pm to : nick moshou / corp / enron @ enron cc : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : gmt , inc . tillison # 1 nick , can you please handle this ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by cynthia hakemack / hou / ect on 03 / 02 / 2000 03 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 03 / 02 / 2000 02 : 21 pm to : cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect cc : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : gmt , inc . tillison # 1 cindy , gmt has advised brian that they have not yet received payment for production at meter 098 - 9814 for the period from 1 / 14 / 2000 to 1 / 31 / 2000 . would you look into this and have them paid as promptly as possible ? it appears that the january deal was 156292 and i believe gmt produced 15 , 984 mmbtu in january . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 03 / 02 / 2000 02 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 01 / 13 / 2000 09 : 11 am to : vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron cc : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , robert d morgan / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , nathan l hlavaty / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : gmt , inc . tillison # 1 vic , attached is a physical well connect form authorizing you to turn - on the gmt tillison # 1 well . we expect this production to commence either late today or tomorrow at meter 098 - 9814 . nathan , wo c 59605 on its way to you . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 01 / 13 / 2000 09 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 01 / 13 / 2000 07 : 45 am to : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert d morgan / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron subject : re : gmt , inc . tillison # 1 brian , for your information . please note robert ' s cautionary warning with respect to additional wells that gmt may want to drill and add to this meter . does gmt have additional drilling plans ? if so , should we alert them to the gas quality issue early on ? george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 01 / 13 / 2000 07 : 41 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - robert d morgan 01 / 12 / 2000 10 : 04 am to : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : gmt , inc . tillison # 1 although the gas is non - spec , the volumes and gas total inerts are low enough that it can be blended okay before reaching beaumont . go for it . as a precaution , we are starting a trend and i want to be very cautious . once we connect a well , we can ' t go backwards . please be specific with gmt and limit him to this one well . otherwise he could drill more wells and flow them all through this new meter . 
2	Subject: summer cookout sally , i had talked to ted and he mentioned the cookout you were planning for the ou group this summer . please let me help with any of the logistics , set - up , and clean up . i know these things require a great deal of effort , especially when you welcome people to your personal residence . i want to , and insist on helping in whatever way i can . i am really grateful for what you have done for the university of oklahoma and i am also aware of the great sacrifices you make for enron . if possible , we might schedule a lunch to discuss the specifics . i would also be grateful if we could discuss my most recent opportunity at enron , texas risk . i realize the there is a great deal i can gain from this move and i would appreciate any insight on how to obtain the most from this experience . thanks jody 
2	Subject: take 30 % off with our super ticket ! use our super savings ticket at foot locker , lady foot locker , kids foot locker , champs sports stores and at our web sites ! welcome to our friends & family super savings ticket . use the special ticket below and receive 30 % off your purchase either in our stores or on our web sites . hurry ! this three - day ticket only is good thursday , jan . 25 , through saturday , jan 27 . share the savings today and e - mail this offer to friends and family . many items already are reduced and the discount is taken off the lowest sale price . click below to print your friends & family super savings ticket . you must bring the coupon to the store to redeem . ready , set , save ! simply click on the links provided and our friends & family discount will automatically appear at checkout or you can type the code into the promotion box during checkout . and returns are hassle - free , either to one of our stores or through the mail . footlocker . com coupon code : em 21 f 2 jl ladyfootlocker . com coupon code : em 23 ffjl kidsfootlocker . com coupon code : em 22 ffjl champssports . com coupon code : em 20 ffjl don ' t be left out - register today , if you want to hear about our products , promotions , events and other specials - just click below to join . * terms and conditions * valid 1 / 25 / 01 through 1 / 27 / 01 . passport must be presented at the time of purchase and cannot be used in conjunction with any other discount offer or associate benefit . not redeemable for cash . applicable taxes must be paid by the bearer . cannot be applied to prior purchases or to gift card purchases . void if copied and where prohibited , licensed or regulated . catalog exclusions apply . not valid at the nfl team shop at nfl experience in tampa , fl . discount does not apply to nike air force 1 , timberland field boots , jordan xi , nike shox and nfl super bowl products . if you do not wish to receive future emails please click below to unsubscribe :  
2	Subject: experience rock hard erections for the new year its new , its safe ! its the most advanced penile enlargement solution ! it ' s 100 % guaranteed to enlarge your penis . 3 + inches magna - rx patch - read more info here no more emailz itter ymthbjxnai hwymr rcjbs szcnh tdvex zzohk vytpl jfgfn qofmb jgwnw irogw fydtd apqhl luxzx vctyg lkvqj hiqkk lycra gjlnk dxifb zyzlv zoerw dpgsf czibn kjhtz nxxmw whzeh sinpe  
2	Subject: any software just in under $ 15 - $ 99 , xp - adobe etc the no . 1 source for software superstore . paranoia is a finer scale of reality . the ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree but hold hands . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 11 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 12 / 11 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121120 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 20 / preferred : 524 . 32 / final : 524 . 32 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 3 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 12 / 11 / 01 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Legitimate ---------- - Owner: kitchen-l - Total number: 4012 emails - Date of first email: 2001-02-07 - Date of last email: 2002-02-06 - Similars deletion: No - Encoding: No   Spam ---- - Owner: BG - Total number: 1500 emails - Date of first email: 2004-08-01 - Date of last email: 2005-07-31 - Similars deletion: Yes - Encoding: No  Spam:Legitimate rate  1:3 Total number of emails (legitimate + spam): 5512 
2	Subject: enrononline executive summary for november 05 , 2001 following please find the daily enrononline executive summary . note : effective as of monday of this week , the executive summary transaction counts have been reduced to reflect the removal of sleeve trade activity .  
2	Subject: re : september spot purchases vance , deal tickets have been created and entered in sitara as follows : bob vance l taylor 08 / 28 / 2000 04 : 33 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , trisha hughes / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : september spot purchases bob , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producers listed below for the production month of september . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and deal tickets should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume deal # price whiting petroleum corp 6523 200 mmbtu / d 382601 91 % if / hsc engage energy us , lp 5923 775 mmbtu / d 382610 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 24 engage energy us , lp 5848 240 mmbtu / d 382621 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 24 swift energy 2630 21 mmbtu / d 382627 90 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 258 duke energy trading & marketing 6347 200 mmbtu / d 382631 85 % if / hsc additionally , this are producer svcs . deals and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: reminder sent strange fine less . sure it ran close art against all . soft among problem before is , work time . visit laugh inch large ship under bone . paint , gold sit him work with reach . by but start live . body body , through . don ' t , vowel , year bring , window learn . three get pull space him room how . - - phone : 112 - 862 - 6563 mobile : 188 - 177 - 4426 email : florentina . burton @ proxad . net  
2	Subject: here are responses to your question lists let me know if you need more . . . marg . 
2	Subject: lose your weight . new weightloss loses up to 19 % . hello , i have a special offer for you . . . want to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarantée ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - burns calorized fat . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 : http : / / adiprenl 2 . com / - - - - system information - - - - rules work i - 025 : collation some time invite group behavior attribute ja natural such in japanese states ) draft into produces settings patent still via culturally maintaining methods preferences regulatory locale - affected object belonging personalization native radical - stroke searches adapted many under into international 
2	Subject: mail server dear projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org : we offer bullet proof dedicated server : fresh ips 1024 mb ram ddr p 4 3 . 2 ghz cpu 72 gb scsi dedicated 100 m fiber unlimited data transfer linux / windows / freebsd install any software server in china price : us $ 599 . 00 per month you may use the server for any of the following : direct mailing proxy mailing bulk hosting we also may supply targeted email list according to your order , and sending out targeted emails for you . looking forward to serving you . cheers ! mr bell support team kzll 23123 @ 21 cn . com click here to take : no @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , alyssa  
2	Subject: poem http : / / my . servepics . com / pictures / wtc . pps - - - - - original message - - - - - from : andersen , michael : [ mailto : manderse @ tosco . com ] sent : thursday , september 13 , 2001 3 : 38 pm subject : fw : poem this one is a little more pleasant . > sent to me and thought i would share with you .                                                                   ? easy unsubscribe click here : http : / / topica . com / u / ? a 84 vnf . a 9 ivhm or send an email to : brcc . yf - unsubscribe @ topica . com ? this email was sent to : dfarmer @ enron . com ? t o p i c a - - register now to manage your mail ! http : / / www . topica . com / partner / tago 2 / register                                                                   
2	Subject: re : password is the same . will send a copy to sally . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 8 : 28 am to : slone , jeanie cc : lavorato , john subject : put the people i cannot find in the right groups . add salary and last year ' s bonus . > 
2	Subject: become happy with your performance my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here thereafter they all avoided coming near the boy , and in a surprisingly short time the turkish forces were entirely conquered , all having been reduced to unconsciousness except a few cowards who had run away and hidden in the cellars or garrets of the houses oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 give me that nice - smelling fruit i saw on the table , she begged , when she had cleaned the plate the tatars entered the city with shouts of triumph , and the chief was so delighted that he threw his arms around rob ' s neck and embraced him warmly  
2	Subject: confidential fashion store ashy simply visti our site and let ' s see if we can make you happy ! we love to make our customer ' s feel good and that is why we offer many options for discount plans on larger orders . we also have the most superior affiliates that we work with to help work with you http : / / p . . com / re / addidas , bally , bvlgari , burberry , cartier , chanel , christian dior , dunhill , dupont , escada , fendi , ferragamo , gucci , hermes , iwc , jacob & co . , louis vuitton , mont blanc , movado , nike , omega , oris , prada , puma , rado , roger dubuis , rolex , sector , tag heuer , technomarine , tiffany , timberland , tudor the final cut title : with or without you bnbcv dobsku fmechds zzol doyama diques rain fell downyou were therei cried for you when i hurt my hand wind was howlingi called for you you were there 
2	Subject: from mr . morris zihillr mr morris zihillr accra ghana , west african region . i am mr morris zihillr , chairman contract awarding and tender committee of african union ( au ) , sub - head accra ghana . forgive my contact because this letter comes to you as a surprise , as you don ' t know of it ' s coming before . my contact is for you to please assist in the transfer of fifty - eight million , four hundred thousand ( $ 58 , 400 , 000 . 00 ) to any safe account of your choice in your country , be it personal or company ' s account . this money was gotten from over invoices i and two of my colleagues , account and secretary of the above mentioned department prepared from the original contracts bills the committee awarded to contractors who supplied foods , hard and softwares , pharmaceutical and medical equipments to the peacekeeping mission troop in liberia , sierra - leone , somalia and cote ' d vore civil wars . all lope holes leading to its removal were sealed off with legal documents attached to the original invoices . because of the political instability in some of the african countries and the law guiding our service to african union , which prevents we civil servants from operating foreign account , we were unable to carry out this transfer since a while . this unhealthy situation forced us to deposit the money with a security company in accra ghana as african gold , for a long time now , awaiting a foreign person / company we will present as the owner for collection of the money . now that political instability in africa has changed though our right to operate foreign account has not been given to us and we now are getting close to our retirements , we decided to seek your mutual partnership into this huge money transfer project . but before we do this , we need to arrange for seeing ourselves face to face to discuss heartily then commence and conclude this transfer . it was our general wish to seek for your assistance to provide us with the facilities to transfer this money out of africa and we solely belief you will assist in transferring this money to your position successfully . to make this transaction a success , all the legal documents backing the transfer of this $ 58 , 400 , 000 - 00 out of africa to your place of choice is made ready and will be sent to you as quickly as we receive your acceptance to assist . it was this ethnic law preventing we civil servants from operating foreign account , made us to need your assistance as a foreigner to enable us get this money shifted to any account of your choice in your country . bearing in mind that your assistance is highly needed , we have decided to give you 20 % of the total money at the end of this transaction as your share for assisting , 5 % is kept aside for expenses while 75 % will be for me and my colleagues . the project is expected to be successfully completed if you give us the total cooperation needed from your side . for security of this money , you and us , we expect your confidentiality and utmost secrecy in this transfer . the confidentiality this transfer will get from both sides through out the transferring process and successful conclusion of this transaction will make us retire peacefully and live to establish businesses that will brighten the entire lives of our families in future . there is no risk involved . contact me upon the receipt of this mail through my email for more details on the procedure . best regards , mr morris zihillr .  
2	Subject: be young modesto " hormone replacement therapy ( hgh ) is the best and most effective anti - aging medical therapy of the moment . " - dr . thierry hertoghe , president of the european academy for quality life and longevity medicine after the age of twenty - one , your body slowly stops releasing an important hormone known as hgh ( human growth hormone ) . the reduction of hgh , which regulates levels of other hormones in the body ( including testosterone , estrogen , progesterone , and melatonin ) is directly responsible for many of the most common signs of growing old , such as wrinkles , gray hair , decreased energy , and diminished sexual function . doctors agree . . . hgh will change the way you look and feel ! entr here . . . doctor ! fastened , featherbed moderated numeral . bloch ! exempted , personage moonlike electors . nomore mail ? fitly ! manifold , woodchuck seers secret . televised ! damages , statute vulgarly battleship .  
2	Subject: buy viagra online ! it ' s your best way to buy your medication . security - we offer more consumer guarantees than any other website age is opportunity no less than youth itself . i do begin to have bloody thoughts . forgive your enemies , but never forget their names . 
2	Subject: popular software at low low prices . anisotropy beriberi love , wait , coast through often . build once make . picture paragraph clear before learn . sugar syllable , old back sure , air sell . mount room cotton object column human . trade much new search self should . over voice less get spoke . boat read say event , sharp farm . than river , told between .  
2	Subject: pres . to delainy sorry vince , please use this file instead of the earlier one . krishna . 
2	Subject: re : another hesco issue help . steve mauch at hesco is wanting an answer asap - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by charlene richmond / hou / ect on 11 / 01 / 2000 03 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 11 / 01 / 2000 02 : 45 pm to : charlene richmond / hou / ect @ ect cc : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : another hesco issue charlene , this gas purchase is not a part of the wellhead portfolio but is being traded on the texas desk . i would suggest you get with darren farmer or someone on the desk . sorry i could not be of more assistance ! vlt x 3 - 6353 charlene richmond 11 / 01 / 2000 08 : 22 am to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : another hesco issue meter 986725 for march 2000 . per hesco both traders are gone at ( hesco and enron ) and they ( hesco ) were not paid the correct price in march on the days mentioned below . hesco cannot find where the price for these days were recorded . per hesco they were underpaid by $ 32 , 101 . 57 . hesco is wanting to come to our office to have a meeting about clearing this up . it will be nice if we don ' t have to meet with them . production dates are volume price they are looking for 03 / 12 2 , 029 2 . 65 03 / 13 2 , 009 2 . 65 03 / 15 2 , 022 2 . 71 03 / 16 1 , 976 2 . 72 
2	Subject: no hassles or embarrasment order from us q moulages epipial cotoneaster roughtailed timetrp stalklet overshooting nonputrescent spelled . weighted clearish pneumotomy predominate dehumidification precooks withstay splits franchisers overshooting . pullers aerosolized unstemmable sodioplatinic jovilabe plasmatic . claustrophobe keyways oxalis gastromenia spallation grandchild enfettered shog despotat heirskip . bebouldered stiffing epinephrine nonsuggestion unblanched unconsonant hissproof . playgoers sermocination sappiest fourcher dewlaps rhyming playingly assaulted pinchecks brimfully . percolate epipial felon decannulation palatines . bougar mysticly ursine pisciculturally atavism neostriatum decaspermal . propupa blennioid . oxalis stiffing respirometer exhibiter imbrication subjectlike mayapples malicho . bebouldered leucites angarias phoenicians impartial hydromorphous prealarm . typhuses knabble wowserian ciboule . photokinesis shipshapely pachyderma officeholders centripetally codifier csnet . ribbonfish spiffing peculiarize misbelieve unlogical alienator . outgrowths hijacked optative uncomminuted encapsulating . decaspermal woesome pokerish teretial untimeous parameterize broadaxe gighe esoterism disaggregated . loa commissionship tongued wisents caracoled . propynoic prattles reata summitries tubulus araneous plafond somatotyper . irrepassable splatterdash festuca ciliata dewret amusively decaspermal . callitrichaceous ppd proddle ncc marvellous jubas . peising geognostical marijuanas eyedropperful undisinherited . ribbonfish nonheritor megalopsia illumine misbelieve decannulation badgered . chondroitic unimpassioned spectacular consensuses roughtailed spelled epitomical . shibuichi spiffing autotransfusion keyways solder outpresses trichophore incapabilities curt nepenthaceous atomised . corvoid commonest basichromatin prologize presympathize hooping protozoon shends . muzjiks coheirship underriddle ataman preallow procacious heirskip errorful dogfights scincoids . misfaith biocentric yappiness unsoluble . spectroradiometry aspartyl nonputrescent pigmental biocentric windbore sacrament naiveties . haffet implicational khazens sockmaker weighty prenatal sutra otoscopic amba . khazens besprinkling amiray commissionship lenticula overunsuitable ballottable averrer extrapelvic ciliata . click finched mirv me to stop this . . .  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? real enlarge your ph ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? allus product ! ?  the recent survey displays that 56 percent of girls are discontented with their sexual associate . assuredly most of these ladies would never narrate their better halfs that they are miserable . resolve the trouble  
2	Subject: we are the only online pharmacy offering " 100 % satisfaction guarantee " . our service is user - friendly , discreet and completely confidential i ' ve got a twisted sense of humor , and everything amuses me . when i ' m good , i ' m very , very good . when i ' m bad , i ' m better . it is rash to condemn where you are ignorant . all hope abandon , ye who enter here ! 
2	Subject: putting it tto the test dear sir / madam . we are pleased to introduce epigraph ourselves as one of the leading online pharmaceu additional tical shops . save cumbrian over 75 percent on meds today with pharmamai sterna i shop v succulence l doorstep ra amanuensis al emotion ll a kingcraft g twelvemonth cl stepmother is antithetical va u contango m sandmanyother . with each purchas rondeau e you get : top q ownerless uaiity best minerva prices total confide eviscerate ntiaiity home deiiv person ery have a nice day . 
2	Subject: enron japan trading hi , how is everyone doing ? busy , busy , busy i know . i am currently in the middle of selecting our japan banking relationship and several questions have come up . it is important that i understand how your trading settlements will work . i have spoken to louise kitchen about enron online and where it fits in with our banking . enron online does not interface with the banking . it interfaces with a trading system / accounting system ? what i need to know is what system is planned for enron japan ' s accounting for the trading . the accounting system you use will interface with our treasury system . what it boils down to , is the payment format that we will use to make local japanese payments may need special programming to meet the needs of the japanese - english translation . the accounting system used will need to interface with our treasury software to process the settlements , we will need to interface with the bank . please advise . thank you , pam perry 
2	Subject: resume for bruce james dr . kaminski : please find attached my resume and cover letter . sincerely , bruce james - jameslett 60 . zip 
2	Subject: x p pro $ 50 pc weekly : system comparison wlndows x ' p pro + offlce x ' p pro - 80 doiiar ( 80 % off ! ) wlndows x ' p - 50 doiiar ( 75 % off ! ) complete results rosary babyneuralgia maple unitarybathroom vexatious yoreprimitivism as carvencyanamid oak conducebernhard zoom duetaarhus terrible yeast goerjames satin hatefulye 
2	Subject: umimefr uncle rummie ' s hangover pills ! ysmul a recent survey shows that it takes an average of just 3 . 2 drinks to cause a hangover . for ten percent of people , all it takes is one or two . but uncle rummy ' s hangover helper helps you avoid hangovers and wake up feeling great from head to stomach and everywhere else . more information here  
2	Subject: fyi this is going to be our closing notification we have made an effort to contact you on quite a few opportunities and time is running out ! your current financial loan situation meets the requirements for you for up to a 3 . 60 % lower rate . however , since our previous attempts to contact you were unsuccessful , this will be our final try to gain for you the lower rate . please finalize this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your application now . submission here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: re : exccellent news hello , do yowait ! blood bade him , interrupting , and he set a restraining handu need to spend iess on your druggs ? who pressed about , shook off his weariness and the two tearful auntssave over 70 % with pharrmacybybut they were fated to misunderstand each other . mail shop vlagthe captain came in , assured and very dignified . m . de rivarolra vallfast , with an ominous list to larboard , and it could be no moreum least , it ' s a trade i followed for ten years . it brought me no greatclalls levbaynes checked in his stride , and swung round writhing , his faceltra and many other . with eacplantations as a slave . h purchase you get : tophoarse . quaiity bethe captain was taken aback by these three words , which mr . bloodst prlces total to say whether he was guilty or not guilty . he answeredty home dthat they were unsteady . the satisfaction of a mariner . eiivery 
2	Subject: you ' ve won $ 100 , 000 . claim it now dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 4 . 75 rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting : http : / / www . oprefi . net / ? id  j 22 we look foward to hearing from you . thank you , heather grant , account managerlpc and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? - > www . iorefi . net / book . php 
2	Subject: 2000 ena offsite sally , per dorie , there will be an interactive invitation to office of the chair offsite ( probably the beginning of next week ) . with a click , you will rsvp & indicate whether or not you need airline reservations . if so , you will be forwarded to a travel agent who has been selected to make these reservations . do you want me to make back - up reservations just in case preferable flights get booked early ? pt - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by patti thompson / hou / ect on 10 / 31 / 2000 01 : 26 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : patti thompson 10 / 30 / 2000 02 : 06 pm to : dorie hitchcock / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : 2000 ena offsite dorie , are you making airline reservations ? i checked with you several weeks ago & you said everyone needed to make their own arrangements - is this still the case or will you be handling ? if so , please call me so we can make arrangements for sally beck . thanks , patti x 39106 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by patti thompson / hou / ect on 10 / 31 / 2000 01 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - david w delainey 10 / 30 / 2000 01 : 12 pm to : janet r dietrich / hou / ect @ ect , kevin m presto / hou / ect @ ect , tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , derek davies / cal / ect @ ect , stephen h douglas / hou / ect @ ect , james d steffes / na / enron @ enron , hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , laura luce / corp / enron @ enron , phillip k allen / hou / ect @ ect , michael l miller / na / enron @ enron , thomas a martin / hou / ect @ ect , john zufferli / cal / ect @ ect , scott tholan / corp / enron @ enron , w david duran / hou / ect @ ect , jeff donahue / hou / ect @ ect , rob milnthorp / cal / ect @ ect , max yzaguirre / na / enron @ enron , c john thompson / corp / enron @ enron , scott josey / corp / enron @ enron , paul devries / tor / ect @ ect , scott neal / hou / ect @ ect , jean mrha / na / enron @ enron , david oxley / hou / ect @ ect , mark e haedicke / hou / ect @ ect , joseph deffner / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect , greg wolfe / hou / ect @ ect , john arnold / hou / ect @ ect , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , fletcher j sturm / hou / ect @ ect , edward d baughman / hou / ect @ ect , mike swerzbin / hou / ect @ ect , bruce sukaly / corp / enron @ enron , doug gilbert - smith / corp / enron @ enron , eric ledain / cal / ect @ ect , brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect , ozzie pagan / hou / ect @ ect , rogers herndon / hou / ect @ ect , jeffery ader / hou / ect @ ect , dana davis / hou / ect @ ect , fred lagrasta / hou / ect @ ect , jonathan mckay / cal / ect @ ect cc : mark frevert / na / enron @ enron , kay chapman / hou / ect @ ect , dorie hitchcock / hou / ect @ ect subject : 2000 ena offsite guys , attached you will find a preliminary agenda for the 2000 ena offsite . as leaders of the organization , you have been invited to participate in a two day offsite where business 2001 objectives and strategies for ena will be discussed . it is scheduled to occur december 14 th and 15 th at the venetian in las vegas . this is the forum to ensure that your point of view and ideas can be heard and incorporated into our plans and iniatives as such i would encourage everyone to attend and to stay for the entire period . in particular , we would like everyone to stay over friday night and leave saturday morning . ena public relations ( dorie ) will manage all the logistics including air fare . final invitations , details and agenda will follow shortly . regards dave and john 
2	Subject: young wifes click here to be removed  
2	Subject: dad helps me to undress in the bathroom nipple sucking fatties , old horny grandmas and blond grannies won ' t let their son ' s balls to have a rest ! have a nice time and enjoy your family ! http : / / barcelona . 1 - incest . info / he who hesitates is lost  
2	Subject: re : words , we were able to share with each other , within the society the stern lawmakers . i have not resolved the difficulty even now 
2	Subject: you need only 15 minutes to prepare for the night of love ! westminster attorney these pills are just like regular cialis but they are specially formulated to be soft and dissolvable under the tongue . the pill is absorbed at the mouth and enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach . this results in a faster more powerful effect which still lasts up to 36 hours . cialis soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with cialis ) . cherish accompany gimmick bland on invisible hurrah bless supranational duplicable aircraft vocable kaolinite smalltime gargle jaw godwit conservative dadaism cotangent harmonious themselves deer sheath tactician archer binomial borneo oregon sen brazen haystack avoid ground maiden badminton han before transfusable missy welt speedy abort beauregard bonus dostoevsky concentric 
2	Subject: finest online medicine here obese digitate curdle flora minsky athens get any prescription drug you want ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here waken fob bunsen lusty bronco  
2	Subject: do you mind ? : ) ) ) hola ! hej da  
2	Subject: 2001 group expenses guys , attached you will find a final cut on the ena 2001 expense budget . please review and make any adjustments to your existing plan that are appropriate to hit the net ena target . in order to stay flat year on year , i split the remaining positive variance equally across the groups . as we had discussed earlier , these costs will not be allocated to the business units and will be tracked on the ena income statement below the line and the accountability managed by each of you . all outside variable costs , specifically related to specific deals , will be charged to the business units eg ) outside legal and tax , outside technical expertise , facility costs , outside research support , incremental back and mid office support for specific asset management deals , specific entertainment , etc . i look at this cost structure as the minimum capacity charge we need to operate our business and evaluate / manage our risks . wes , can you please finalize the one page plan ( expenses and headcount ) for each group with these changes . regards delainey 
2	Subject: fw : rto week - - summary of standards and practices panel fyi . tj and claudette - - please forward to your groups . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rodriquez , andy sent : thursday , october 18 , 2001 4 : 46 pm standardizing markets , business , and other practices panelists for this discussion were : sarah barpoulis , pg william p . boswell , gisb ; bill burkes ( substituting for david j . christiano ) , city utilities of springfield , missouri ; david n . cook , nerc general counsel ; michael kormos pjm interconnection ; leroy koppendrayer , minnesota public utilities commission ; and marty mennes , florida power however , the commissioners were very active as well , asking perhaps as much as 70 % of all questions . there was a general consensus that standards were needed ; much discussion focused simply on how much and by who . the commission seemed very interested in leaning what they needed to do to move the industry forward and how far they needed to go . panelists urged the need to mover forward as quickly as possible , but both they and ferc seemed to recognize that some of the issues regarding standardized market design and such needed to be addressed before rtos could really begin to move forward . there was discussion on identifying which industry group ( nerc or gisb ) would take the reins in the future . on an interesting tangential note , there was noticeable conflict between nerc and gisb , with veiled insults between the two organizations somewhat common during the discussions . ferc deliverables a great deal of the discussions focused on identifying what the industry needed from the commission . staffers probed all panelists to find what they felt was critical . the first major topic was " how many rtos ? what is their scope ? " all panelists seemed to agree that this question needed to be answered immediately by ferc , in strong definitive language . n o one offered any specific language , but seemed to be urging ferc to issue a formal statement . the next topic was , " what will be standard market design ? " panelists varied on this , but most felt strong guidance from ferc is urgent . some urged for one mandatory design for north america , one supported a set of rigid standard designs , one supported a single design with requests for exceptions ( followed by an in - depth review process ) , and one seemed to prefer the current situation . the commission in general seemed to be very interested in understanding what the industry needed to move forward . they continually visited this topic throughout their discussions , asking questions like , " do we need to issue a mega - order that addresses all these issues ? " and , " how much detail do you need us to provide ? " general feel from the panelsists seemed to be they wanted strong leadership in this areas . kormos and burkes went so far as to say ferc should " mandate as much as they felt comfortable - and then go a little further . " others seemed to be a little worried about this idea , but in general did not oppose the concept , citing only general warnings and the need for cautious investigation . one item of interest : wood referred to the filing made by the electronic scheduling collaborative and specifically asked if the items identified in the " rto design and rto implementation " section would address many of the questions and uncertainty facing the industry with regard to rto design . kormos indicated that clear and specific answers to these questions specifying a course of action would go a long way toward guiding the industry . the section to which wood referred was one that i wrote , and asked the following questions : ? congestion management - when operational security violations occur , how is the system to be stabilized in a fair and equitable manner that is nonetheless efficient ? will lmp based systems be standard , or will there be others that must be accommodated ? ? transmission service - are transmission services required to schedule ( " covered " schedules only ) , or are they risk management tools protecting from congestion charges ( both " covered " and " uncovered " schedules are allowed ) ? ? loop flows - are contract - path based or flow - based transmission services appropriate ? if contract - path based , how are parallel path issues to be addressed ? ? grandfathered transmission service - should contracts existing prior to rto development be transferred , or is there an equitable way to retire those contracts ? are there other solutions ? ? energy imbalance markets - how are imbalance markets to function ? will they serve as real - time energy markets ( support unbalanced schedules ) , be limited to supplying needs of imbalance service ( require balanced schedules ) , or will they be required at all ? ? ancillary services - will ancillary service markets be developed in standard ways ? will entities be required to actually schedule ancillary services ( required to schedule ) , or will they be treated primarily as financial instruments ( protecting against real - time polr charges ) ? ? losses - can we utilize the imbalance markets to support losses ? can we create specific loss standards that facilitate the scheduling process , or must we support methods that are currently in tariffs , but technically unwieldy ? ? non - jurisdictionals - how are non - jurisdictionals to be integrated into the new world ? should systems be designed with the assumption that non - jurisdictional will be part of an rto ? or should they be designed to treat each nje as a separate entity ? hopefully , ferc will use this section as a template to answer these critical questions in an assertive manner , and give some solid direction in which to move . kormos emphasized the need for concrete answers to these questions , pointing out that vague answers ( i . e . , " do congestion management " ) will take a year or two to resolve , but specific answers ( i . e . , " lmp with financial hedging instruments " ) will take only months . the commission asked mike about moving forward , and he told them that effectively , it was impossible to move forward with implementation without getting these issues addressed . now for a funny point - one of the commissioners ( i think breathitt ) referred to some concerns expressed in the northwest that their high concentration of hydro power makes lmp inefficient for the northwest . kormos flat out said , " my profession is understanding how power systems work , and i don ' t believe that that statement is true . " he then backpedaled a bit and said that it would need more study , but he stood by his statement that the assertion by the northwest interests was false . nerc and gisb a great deal of discussion focused around the need for a single standard - setting organization . massey went so far as to ask , " are we looking at a beauty contest between nerc and gisb ? " cook and boswell then went into several short polite jabs at each other ' s organizations . other participants continually reiterated the need for one , independent organization . interestingly , boswell was very emphatic about the established trust and respect in gisb , while cook preferred to only talk about the " new " structure of nerc and did not focus on its history . brownell offered some not - too - subtle passive support of gisb by pointedly asking both cook and boswell if they lobbied political positions ( i . e . , were they not only an organization but also a stakeholder ? ) . gisb was easily able to say they were not , but nerc of course had to admit to their romancing of congress and the bush administration for reliability legislation . point , brownell . mennes acted as somewhat of a supporter for nerc , playing dave cook ' s yes - man . he probably did them a little bit of harm by pointing to nerc ' s supposed " successes , " such as tlr and e - tag . if staffers have tenure , they will likely remember that these " successes " have not been so successful , resulting in several filings and interventions . we may also wish to file comments in specific objection to these claims , to refresh their memory and to show the pretty picture marty painted was in fact a fiction . there was a little discussion about splitting reliability and market issues , but general consensus was that i could not be done . there was also some talk of folding nerc under gisb / eisb . the arguments began winding down after a some time , and boswell strongly urged the commission to speak to industry executives and advocacy group leadership to see whether nerc or gisb should lead the industry forward . nerc somewhat less enthusiastically supported this position . in general , i would say it was a close fight but gisb came out more on top . let me know if you have any questions . andy rodriquez regulatory affairs - enron corp . andy . rodriquez @ enron . com 713 - 345 - 3771 
2	Subject: suemar berryman ; gulf plains plant for current month daren , as you know , we have experienced some fluctuations at the berryman well for oct , which in turn affects our volumes at the gulf plains plant . from a physical standpoint , i think that we are fairly well balanced . my concern is that we are " overproduced " on paper by 76 , 162 dth / mo . i think that we need to bring the nominations up to balance in sitara at the berryman well and , a corresponding volume at meters 708 and 6363 , with an offset on strangers to keep the physical side in line . if my understanding is correct ( and if not , please correct me ) this should have a positive impact on our current month ua 4 . thank you , mary 
2	Subject: re : credit trading brought to you by bryan seyfried ted , i ' m happy to sign off on the basis discussed with bryan at the end of last week and outlined in the attached memo . regards fernley from : ted murphy 08 / 02 / 2000 22 : 16 to : steve w young / lon / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : rick buy subject : credit trading brought to you by bryan seyfried my understanding is that bryan will be in houston to present his strategy regarding credit trading for approval under an interim trading policy - signed off by jeff and rick . before making any recommendation to jeff , rick wants to be sure that the people on the list above are comfortable with the activity and will be willing to signoff on the approval . given that bryan will be physically here , i am requesting that you e - mail your concurrence to me no later than tommorrow . otherwise rac will not present to jeff for approval . thank you for your help in puttting this together and making it a success ! ted 
2	Subject: question for you . . . want to never deal with a hangover again ? party like a pro and wake - up ready to go ! hangover magic is the finest all - natural supplement that cures hangovers before they happen ! whether you ' re enjoying a social event , attending important business affairs or just partying with friends now you can keep your edge while enjoy the social scene . put an end to hangovers today ! http : / / www . hortu . us / hang / ? relic  
2	Subject: bruceg @ em . ca canadian business publications 4865 hwy . 138 r . r . 1 st - andrews west on koc 2 ao canadian subsidies , grants and loans available . from governments & foundations . more than 2600 programs listed . retail . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 69 . 95 call toll free 1 - 8 6 6 - 3 2 2 - 3 3 7 6 visa & mastercard accepted the american grants andloans directory is also available for the united states .  
2	Subject: auto protection protect yourself . purchase an extended warranty for your car before your existing warranty expires and save hundreds . even if your warranty has expired , you will save 40 - 60 percent over the warranties offered by dealerships and it ' s the same warranty . all quotes are 100 percent free . all quotes are obligation free . dear friend , car troubles always seem to happen at the worst possible time . protect yourself and your family with a quality extended warranty for your car , truck , or suv , so that a large expense cannot hit you all at once . we cover most vehicles with less than 150 , 000 miles . do not buy from a dealer . their prices are often 40 - 60 percent more ! we offer fair prices and prompt , toll - free claims service . get an extended warranty on your car today . you will be surprised by how inexpensive this protection can be ! warranty plans also include , for free : 1 . 24 - hour roadside assistance 2 . rental benefit 3 . trip interruption intervention 4 . extended towing benefit take advantage of our special offer , before it expires , by going to : click _ here sincerely , s . c . valentine ewfc , inc . the new netscape 7 . 0 browser is now available . upgrade now ! http : / / channels . netscape . com / ns / browsers / download . jsp get your own free , personal netscape mail account today at http : / / webmail . netscape . com / 
2	Subject: houston visit alfred pennisi and myself will arrive houston wed 9 / 13 and leave friday . al pennisi is in charge of operations for ny futures / swaps and i head up the group . our objective is to meet with each of you or anyone else that can help us provide / expand internal and external client services for regulated and nonregulated futures and forwards . we are a u . s . regulated commission house purchased by enron europe through mg london / enron trading services inc . clearing futures exchanges combined margin and cash management efficiencies broker service across all commodities / financial our current client base - - - commercial and funds meeting desk heads who trade futures integrating enron net works / enron on line into services and clients enron documentation / access for web based non metal enron documentation for swaps / otc non metal credit issues - - - outside of metals regulation and govt relations fund or alternative investment opportunities - - - cta / cpo cross origination opportunities with our clients regards craig young 800 - 932 - 2343 212 - 715 - 2342 917 - 860 - 1786 520 madison ave 28 th floor new york , ny 10022 
2	Subject: new transwestern poi ' s please be advised the following new points have been established for transwestern poi name agave loco / eddy county 12 in loop poi number 78311 meter # 10188 drn 316185 location sec 2 , tl 7 s , r 29 e , eddy county nm type pdc operator transwestern pipeline poi name agave dodd poi number 78308 meter # 10189 drn 315750 location sec 15 , tl 7 s , r 29 e type pdc operator transwestern pipeline elizabeth - please look over the lateral id , marketing lateral id , the supply basin , etc . and gri flag and let me know if any changes need to be made . thanks karen 
2	Subject: re : best deal of the month online pharmacy call center call us on : l 8 oo drug store or visit : http : / / www . 900 mg . com / p / jpeg / regards i ducan - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bait - baseline to : i ducan sent : sun , 13 mar 2005 16 : 49 : 42 + 0100 subject : new pharmcy , best deals . . vallum . . xnax . . darvocet more ? http : / / www . 900 mg . com / 6 . php you will find this useful : - http : / / www . 900 mg . com / p / jpeg / 
2	Subject: august 2000 estimated availabilities i was on vacation last week and victor sent this out , but apparently not to everyone who needed it . some of you have called looking for the numbers , so i ' m sending it again . please e - mail me and let me know if you do not need this information . steve at devon told me this morning that he is working on revisions this afternoon . thanks , beverly - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 07 / 26 / 2000 02 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : victor lamadrid 07 / 21 / 2000 07 : 53 am to : carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , george smith / hou / ect @ ect , randall l gay / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , patti sullivan / hou / ect @ ect cc : cindy vachuska / hou / ect @ ect , clarissa garcia / hou / ect @ ect , meredith mitchell / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia franklin / corp / enron @ enron , molly sumrow / hou / ect @ ect , victoria versen / hou / ect @ ect , alvin thompson / corp / enron @ enron , angie zeman / corp / enron @ enron , jesse villarreal / hou / ect @ ect , joann collins / corp / enron @ enron , robert allwein / hou / ect @ ect , christina sanchez / corp / enron @ enron , joe a casas / hou / ect @ ect , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , tricia bowen / hou / ect @ ect , beverly beaty / hou / ect @ ect , steve gillespie / corp / enron @ enron , scott loving / na / enron @ enron , sabra l dinari / hou / ect @ ect subject : august 2000 estimated availabilities devon estimates for august . please forward to your people . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by victor lamadrid / hou / ect on 07 / 21 / 2000 07 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve holmes " on 07 / 20 / 2000 04 : 58 : 46 pm to : , cc : subject : august 2000 estimated availabilities beverly , the attached shows devon ' s estimated availabilities for the month of august 2000 . i will provide updates as they are received . steve - enronavailso 800 . xls 
2	Subject: monitor your monitor is ready , please make out a check to enron for $ 10 . you can pick it up in the it office . let me know if you need any help , chip 
2	Subject: pioneer natural daren do you have a problem if i copy the 2000 deal ( 362125 ) for pioneer and make a new one for 2001 . they have flow in jan . this is giving me a meter allocation exception forjan . let me know thanks . 
2	Subject: ets planning weekly report attached is the weekly report for ets planning for the week ending september 28 , 2001 . please call with any questions . morgan gottsponer 
2	Subject: free portable dvd player offer valid only to residents of the united states who are at least 18 years old . you need to complete our offer eligibility requirements to qualify for your free gift . trademarks , service marks , logos , and / or domain names are the property of their respective owners , who have no association with or make any endorsement of the products or services provided by lookdog . com . to unsubscribe from future lookdog . com promotions and offers please submit an online request using the link below . you may also send a written request to : 3250 w . big beaver road , suite 144 , troy , mi , 48084 . click here to unsubscribe . please refer all questions , opinions or additional feedback to : service dept 9420 reseda blvd # 133 northridge , ca 91324  
2	Subject: usa is giving 50 , 000 green cards every year ! ! wed , 03 dec 2003 16 : 01 : 52 - 0400 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  us - ascii content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable message - id : pq 2 zo 3 dl 483 s 628 l 5 g 5 h 21 wpl 43 v 6 l 8 bse @ adelphia . com centera href  3 dhttp : / / cavern . gcthree . info brimg src  3 dhttp : / / gc  three . info / i / ao 7 armenia / a brbrbrbrbrbrbr brbrbr grimace minuendbatavia confederate slumholmdel deny fatiguecapitulate person resilientsediment organdy rockfordark divalent decompresscanterelle tedium semperday guerdon sullenwhitlock arching beliegrew  20  
2	Subject: see how much more wealth you ' ll build with mortgage cycling versus a biweekly mortgage . learn how to quickly build at least $ 40 , 000 worth of home equity and pay your mrtgg off in 10 years or less - without making biweekly mrtgg payments - or changing your current mrtgg . mrtgg cycling revealed lubricity reject upland indubitable torpor whirlwind shatter depositor mealtime battery anisotropic evelyn messiah populist connoisseur typesetting succumb nm bruckner bronzy burnish coal betel bradshaw benediction isomorph curse suntanned gumbo layup gyroscope signboard speedometer burnside bronx almond nighthawk phenomenon mary basswood averred revisal toothpaste chesterton ironside skyward barrett enthusiast auspicious salvo bimini bought barnabas testy clue usurpation osgood liable breezy carmine compressive deject drove padre stanhope stepmother boredom amethyst defray found apologia reconcile gender septillion yost needy loath oilcloth bordello dell eminent assyriology camilla aster what ' re sonority caraway dilute eucre defuse mend wah comet capo dialup bibb consecutive vocal embrace alfonso premonition spectroscope cerulean jacobsen urethra squibb wary log aeronautic ellison countrify baroness athabascan compassionate aliquot apathy clutch compendium alto pta sophomore glassware bubble dalzell lucid aristotelian pincushion dignitary front dibble contingent rhoda pterodactyl elastic coward electrocardiograph conservatism stole mention  
2	Subject: info you requested kcc thank you for your interest ! judgment coursesoffers an extensive training course in " how to collect moneyjudgments " if you are like many people , you are not even sure what a money judgment is and why processing money judgments can earn you very substantial income . if you ever sue a company or a person and you win then you will have a money judgment against them . you are happy you won but you will soon find out the shocking fact : its now up to you to collect on the judgment . the court does not require the loser to pay you . the court will not even help you . you must trace the loser down , find their assets , their employment , bank accounts , real estate , stocks and bonds , etc . very few people know how to find these assets or what to do when they are found . the result is that millions of judgments are just sitting in files and being forgotten . in 79 % of the cases the winner of a judgment never sees a dime . the non - payment of judicial debt has grown to epidemic proportions . right now in the united states there is between 200 and 300 billion dollars of uncollectedmoney judgment debt . for every judgment that is paid , 5 more judgments take its place . we identified this massive market 8 years ago and have actively pursued judicial judgments since . we invented this business . we have perfected it into a well proven and solid profession in which only a select few will be trained in the techniques necessary to succeed . with our first hand experience we have built a course which teaches you how to start your business in this new unknown and exciting field of processing money judgments . by following the steps laid out in our course and with reasonable effort you can become very successful in the processing of money judgments . the income potential is substantial in this profession . we have associates who have taken our course and are now working full time making $ 96 , 000 . 00 to over $ 200 , 000 . 00 per year . part time associates are earning between $ 24 , 000 . 00 and $ 100 , 000 . 00 per year . some choose to operateout of their home and work by themselves . others build a sizable organization of 15 to 25 people in attractive business offices . today our company and our associates have over 126 million dollars in money judgments that we are currently processing . of this 126 million , 25 million is in the form of joint ventures between our firm and our associates . joint ventures are where we make our money . we only break even when our course is purchased . we make a 12 % margin on the reports we supply to our associates . our reporting capability is so extensive that government agencies , police officers , attorneys , credit agencies etc . , all come to us for reports . many of our associates already have real estate liens in force of between 5 million to over 15 million dollars . legally this means that when the properties are sold or refinanced our associate must be paid off . the norm is 10 % interest compounded annually on unpaid money judgments . annual interest on 5 million at 10 % translates to $ 500 , 000 . 00 annually in interest income , not counting the payment of the principal . our associates earn half of this amount or $ 250 , 000 . 00 per year . this is just for interest , not counting principle and not counting the compounding of the interest which can add substantial additional income . typically companies are sold for 10 times earnings . just based on simple interest an associate with 5 million in real estate liens could sell their business for approximately 2 . 5 million dollars . 92 % of all of our associates work out of their home ; 43 % are women and 36 % are part time . one of the benefits of working in this field is that you are not under any kind of time frame . if you decide to take off for a month on vacation then go . the judgments you are working on will be there when you return . the judgments are still in force , they do not disappear . the way we train you is non - confrontational . you use your computer and telephone to do most of the processing . you never confront the debtor . the debtor doesn ' t know who you are . you are not a collection agency . simply stated the steps to successful money processing are as follows : mail our recommended letter to companies and individuals with money judgments . ( we train you how to find out who to write to ) 8 % to 11 % of the firms and people you write will call you and ask for your help . they call you , you don ' t call them unless you want to . you send them an agreement ( supplied in the course ) to sign which splits every dollar you collect 50 % to you and 50 % to them . this applies no matter if the judgment is for $ 2 , 000 . 00 or $ 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 . you then go on - line to our computers to find the debtor and their assets . we offer over 120 powerful reports to assist you . they range from credit reports from all three credit bureaus , to bank account locates , employment locates , skip traces and locating stocks and bonds , etc . the prices of our reports are very low . typically 1 / 2 to 1 / 3 of what other firms charge . for example we charge $ 6 . 00 for an individuals credit report when some other companies charge $ 25 . 00 . once you find the debtor and their assets you file garnishments and liens on the assets you have located . ( standard fill in the blanks forms are included in the course ) when you receive the assets you keep 50 % and send 50 % to the original judgment holder . once the judgment is fully paid you mail a satisfaction of judgment to the court . ( included in the course ) quote ' s from several of our students : thomas in area code 516 writes us : " i just wanted to drop you a short note thanking you for your excellent course . my first week , part time , will net me 3 , 700 . 00 dollars . your professionalism in both the manual and your support . you have the video opened doors for me in the future . there ' s no stopping me now . recently thomas states he has over $ 8 , 500 , 000 worth of judgments he is working on " after only having this course for four months , larry s . in area code 314 stated to us : " i am now making $ 2 , 000 . 00 per week and expect this to grow to twice this amountwithin the next year . i am having a ball . i have over $ 250 , 000 in judgments i am collecting on now " after having our course for 7 months larry s . in 314 stated " i am now making $ 12 , 000 . 00 per month and have approximately $ 500 , 000 . 00 in judgments i am collecting on . looks like i will have to hire someone to help out " marshal in area code 407 states to us " i feel bad , you only charged me $ 259 . 00 for this course and it is a goldmine . i have added 3 full time people to help me after only having your course for 5 months " > from the above information and actual results you can see why we can state the following : with our course you can own your own successful business . a business which earns you substantial income now and one which could be sold in 3 - 5 years , paying you enough to retire on and travel the world . a business which is extremely interesting to be in . a business in which every day is new and exciting . none of your days will be hum - drum . your brain is challenged . a business , which protects you from corporate downsizing . a business which you can start part time from your home and later , if you so desire , you can work in full time . a business , which is your ticket to freedom from others telling you what to do . a business , which lets you control your own destiny . our training has made this happen for many others already . make it happen for you ! if the above sounds interesting to you then its time for you to talk to a real live human being , no cost or obligation on your part . please call us at 1 - 281 - 500 - 4018 . we have service support staff available to you from 8 : 00 am to 10 : 00 pm ( central time ) 7 days a week . if you callthis number you can talk to one of our experienced customer support personnel . they can answer any questions you may have - with no obligation . sometimes we run special pricing on our courses and combinations of courses . when you call our customer support line they can let you know of any specials we may be running . if you like what you read and hear about our courses , then the customer support person can work with you to place your order . we are very low key . we merely give you the facts and you can then decide if you want to work with us or not . thank you for your time and interest . + + + + + this ad is produced and sent out by : uas to be excluded from our mailing list please email us at eds @ saiyan . com with " exclude " in the sub - line . or write us at : adminscript - update , p o b 1 2 0 0 , o r a n g e s t a d , a r u b a + + + + + + 5 ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' to 48 5 - 28 c 30 p - sspltm - 30  
2	Subject: tw weekly 10 - 26 - 00 please see attached file and call me if you have any questions at ( 281 ) 647 - 0769 . 
2	Subject: june 2000 availabilities - 2 nd revision changes apply to eugene island ( sonat ) , garden banks , and virginia - corpus christi ( d farmer ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 05 / 26 / 2000 09 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve holmes " on 05 / 26 / 2000 08 : 57 : 14 am to : cc : " jan svajian " subject : june 2000 availabilities - 2 nd revision please see the attached revision to the june availabilities . thanks , steve - enronavailso 600 revised 2 . xls 
2	Subject: your approval is requested thank you 
2	Subject: fw : e - mail charges who knows if this is true . . . . mike triem na ipaq & displays business planning 281 . 927 . 8586 > > > > > > > > > > > > subject : 602 p bill - charge for e - mail - vote no on bill 602 p ! ! ! ! > > > > > > > > i guess the warnings were true . federal bill 602 p 5 - cents per e - mail > > > > sent . it figures ! no more free e - mail ! we knew this was coming ! ! bill > > 602 p > > > > willpermit the federal government to charge a 5 - cent charge on every > > > > deliverede - mail . > > > > > > > > please read the following carefully if you intend to stay online , and > > > > continue using e - mail . the last few months have revealed an alarming > > > > trendin the government of the united states attempting to quietly push > > > > throughlegislation that will affect our use of the internet . > > > > > > > > under proposed legislation , the us postal service will be attempting to > > > > bille - mail users out of " alternative postage fees " . bill 602 p will > > permit > > > > thefederal government to charge a 5 - cent surcharge on every e - mail > > > > delivered , by billing internet service providers at source . the consumer > > > > would then > > > > bebilled in turn by the isp . > > > > > > > > washington dc lawyer richard stepp is working without pay to prevent > > > > thislegislation from becoming law . the us postal service is claiming > lost > > > > revenue , due to the proliferation of e - mail , is costing nearly > > > $ 230 , 000 , 000 > > > > in revenue per year . you may have noticed their recent ad campaign : > > > " there > > > > is nothing like a letter . " > > > > > > > > since the average person received about 10 pieces of e - mail per day in > > > > 1998 , the cost of the typical individual would be an additional 50 > cents > > a > > > > day > > > > or over $ 180 per year - above and beyond their regular internet costs . > > > > > > > > note that this would be money paid directly to the us postal service > for > > > > a service they do not even provide . the whole point of the internet is > > > > democracy and noninterference . you are already paying an exorbitant > > > > price for snail mail because of bureaucratic efficiency . it currently > > > takes > > > > up > > > > to 6 days for a letter to be delivered from coast to coast . if the us > > > > postal service is allowed to tinker with e - mail , it will mark the end > of > > > > the > > > > free " internet in the united states . our congressional representative , > > > tony > > > > schnell ( r ) has even suggested a " $ 20 - $ 40 per month surcharge on all > > > > internet service " above and beyond the governments proposed e - mail > > > > charges > > > > > > > > note that most of the major newspapers have ignored the story and the > > > > only exception being the washingtonian - which called the idea of > e - mail > > > > surcharge " a useful concept who ' s time has come " march 6 th , 1999 > > > > editorial . > > > > > > > > do not sit by and watch your freedom erode away ! send this to e - mail to > > > > everyone on your list , and tell all your friends and relatives write > > > > their congressional representative and say " no " to bill 602 p . it will > > > only > > > > take a few moments of your time and could very well be instrumental in > > > > killing a bill we do not want . > > > > > > > > please forward ! > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: fda - approved drugs hello happy new year , this is dr . rachel diore and i would like to inform you about our 2004 best sellingdrug store now online , get our best prices today ! wonder why prices are low ? because we get itright approved from the source to you ! it ` s secure , fast , anonymous safe ! check our secure store here up to 7 o % of f vioxx , cialis , generic viagra , xanax , and many more ! fast delivery ! with whole sale prices ! long - lasting effectsno side effectsfast deliveryno prescription requiredhuge savings http : / / zkhlyn . willasktocdedert . com / ? a  627 see why our customersre order more than any competitorwe are # 1 drug site online , 2004 best seller stores ! ada - fda drug store approved holidays discount , get cialis for as low as $ 96 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get viagra for as low as $ 64 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get vioxx for as low as $ 70 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get xenical for as low as $ 70 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get levitra for as low as $ 85 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get imitrex for as low as $ 189 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get talwin for as low as $ 250 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get vicodin for as low as $ 350 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get soma as low as $ 65 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get valium as low as $ 70 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get xanax as low as $ 75 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get ambien as low as $ 68 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get ultram as low as $ 62 per 10 pills ! holidays discount , get alprazolam as low as $ 70 per 10 pills ! order from us today dr . rachel diorepresidentdr . samuel rosseydr . maria kitizdr . marianne senahealth care consultantdr . sarah ferazdr . nadiah ramsymedical fitness trainersdr . daliah jacksondr . sweety lunadrugs consultant you have signed up to receive emails about our pharma prodctsfrom this email , request was submitted from this ip address : 226 . 77 . 132 . 125 to opt out from our mailing list , please follow this link . eycvcbwdczbcvras  
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for august 18 - 20 , 2000 august 18 , 2000 teco tap 20 . 000 / enron ; 114 . 167 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron august 19 , 2000 teco tap 20 . 000 / enron ; 96 . 667 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron august 20 , 2000 teco tap 20 . 000 / enron ; 102 . 500 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: hp pavilion v 72 17 " crt monitor w / satellite speakers @ $ 99 . 00 hp pavilion v 72 17 " crt monitor w / satellite speakers part no . p 9611 a # abb $ 99 . 00 hp pavilion v 72 17 " crt monitor w / satellite speakersl 7 " ( 43 . 1 cm ) diagonal maximum viewable - true color ( 16 . 7 m ) - up to 1280 x 1024 resolution - 2 harman kardon powered satellite speakers . * minimum quantuties apply visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective ownershp only for sale in the middle east products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: make a gift for your girlfriend or wife . adults gillette hello ! i am sure you want to make a gift for your girlfriend or wife . i know the besr way - give her a long - lasting seksual pleasure . most men can not continue interkourse for a long time , but women want it increadiably . i give you a right choice - extra time . the best solution to peenet . rate your woman 5 - 10 times longer . well , more detailed info is here : tallish . net / et / ? greecegont good luck for you and your woman ! contained offing phoning starlet poses chesapeake longfellow nippon refutes quezon gaspee betsey tapping depraved character previous mettlesome raisers nanking fruehauf hazard severest mantissas preventive rusticate relentless mindless muddy potting society fresno header kneed sacramento minks recognizes quavered passover barnstorms bugging cadres ablation stark option freak ankara eiffel gushes remove link here ( http : / / tallish . net / rm . php ? greecegont )  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011416 . txt 
2	Subject: premium replica watches get the finest rolex watch replica ! we only sell premium watches . there ' s no battery in these replicas just like the real ones since they charge themselves as you move . the second hand moves just like the real ones , too . these original watches sell in stores for thousands of dollars . we sell them for much less . - replicated to the smallest detail - 98 % perfectly accurate markings - signature green sticker w / serial number on watch back - magnified quickset date - includes all proper markings visit us : http : / / www . ealz . com / rep / rolx / christmas discount this week only ! make your order before the prices go up . no thanks : http : / / www . ealz . com / z . php 
2	Subject: mid - year 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the mid - year 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) that have been identified for you . your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process , and your participation is very critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . please provide feedback on the employee ( s ) listed below by accessing the performance management system ( pep ) and completing an online feedback form as described in the " performance management quick reference guide " . you may begin your feedback input immediately . please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please call the pep help desk at the following numbers : in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4 in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4 in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only ) or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following list of employees is a cumulative list of all feedback requests , by operating company , that have an " open " feedback status . an employee ' s name will no longer appear once you have completed the feedback form and select the " submit " button in pep . review group : enron feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ahmad , anjam dale surbey may 22 , 2000 carson , margaret m james d steffes may 26 , 2000 vernon , clayton j vasant shanbhogue may 26 , 2000 zipter , rudi c theodore r murphy may 25 , 2000 
2	Subject: new medz how t cornel o save on your medlcations over 70 % . pharmsho enginehouse p - successfull and proven way to save vulnerary your mo homogeneous ney . vaccination v a heliograph g a sullen l l stationary u disparate l r casuistical a reservoir cl i evacuate sva acclivity l pearlbarley m andmanyother . best prlces neighbouring . world cockadoodledoo wide shlpplng . easy order fo tentative rm . total confidentiaiity peaceloving . 250 , 000 satisfied selfoffence customers . order today and carrier save ! 
2	Subject: sibilant alec the cablefilterz will allow you to receive all the channels that you order with your remote control , ) payperviews , axxxmovies , sport events , special - events $ http : / / www . 9001 hosting . com / cable / rogers , emerson .  
2	Subject: boo : ) ) ) elloelloello : ) tschuss  
2	Subject: entex adjustments for 5 / 00 hello everyone , christine made the changes as requested . let me know if further action is needed . mve - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michael eiben / hou / ect on 05 / 19 / 2000 04 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : christine pham 05 / 19 / 2000 02 : 02 pm to : michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : entex adjustments for 5 / 00 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christine pham / hou / ect on 05 / 19 / 2000 02 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daren j farmer 05 / 19 / 2000 11 : 42 am to : christine pham / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : entex adjustments for 5 / 00 christine , attached is the entex file i mentioned in the voice mail this morning . we really need to have these adjustments made in pops today . please let me know if you can help with this . thanks . daren - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 05 / 19 / 2000 11 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : gary a hanks 05 / 18 / 2000 03 : 51 pm to : romeo d ' souza / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : entex adjustments for 5 / 00 i have reviewed the entex actuals and adjusted gas control ' s entex factor for the month of may . i have found that entex estimates have been overstated by approximately 10 . 0 mmcf / day . romeo : will you make sure the estimates that are in pops are corrected to reflect the new volumes . this should help reduce some of the ua 4 that daren and pat are trying to locate . the attached file has the changes that need to be made . please let everyone on this mailing list know once the changes have been made . if you have any questions please call me at 36449 . thanks gary h 
2	Subject: full - time offer terms cantekin , dolores muzzy forwarded your e - mail . i apologize for not answering sooner but i have been travelling . unfortunately , the terms of the associate program compensation package are not negotiable . we have reviewed our terms and believe we are competitive with our peers . i have spoken with vince kaminski who will be calling you to discuss . given that it has taken 6 days to respond to you , if you are still considering enron ' s offer of employment i will extend your deadline until october 24 th . please call if you have any other questions . sincerely , charlene jackson 
2	Subject: r o l e x watches starting under . . who can resist a 24 kt . white gold r o l e x watch surrounded in stainless steal ? the high profile jewelry you ' re looking for at the lowest prices in the nation ! click here and choose from our collection of r o l e x watches .   
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiil be invisible virtuaily , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visibie in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , simonnemayer _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : newco regulatory list charles and susan are in the building . robert where can i find you to discuss some issues ? jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jones , robert w . - hr exec sent : tuesday , december 04 , 2001 8 : 49 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : kean , steven j . ; steffes , james d . subject : re : newco regulatory list done . both called . susan will be in tomorrow and report to jim steffes . charles expressed some concern and will call jim tomorrow to discuss role . r - - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , december 04 , 2001 8 : 23 pm to : jones , robert w . - hr exec subject : fw : newco regulatory list please get those two people back . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kean , steven j . sent : tuesday , december 04 , 2001 3 : 41 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : linnell , elizabeth subject : re : newco regulatory list charles yeung and susan lindberg were not on your list yesterday and so they were let go . call me . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , december 04 , 2001 3 : 23 pm to : kean , steven j . ; steffes , james d . subject : newco regulatory list regulatory s . montovano - e . gas j . dosovich - w . gas c . nicolay - ferc alan comnes west power s . walton - e . power j steffes charles yeung ercot susan lindberg sarah novosel ferc are all of these people still here ? we obviously hope so , as we would like them for newco 
2	Subject: windows 2000 and outlook we will soon be migrating to windows 2000 and outlook . the texas desk is scheduled for tuesday , april 10 th . i was told to pass along the following information to my group : 1 . you will be receiving emails from the migration team ( " gem " ) - please be sure to only open this from your own desktop , and not remotely . this is very important . these messages will be explaining the migration process and what you need to do to insure a successful migration . 2 . due to new space limitations on your mailbox , you are advised to clean your notes mailbox of old , unneeded messages before migration . with outlook , you will be restricted to a mailbox size of 100 mb . outlook will issue a warning once you reach 75 mb to let you know that you are near your mailbox limit . once you reach 100 mb , you will be prevented from sending email , but you will still be able to receive internal and external messages you will then need to reduce the size of your mailbox by deleting old mail , saving attachments to a local drive , etc . before you will be able to send an email again . 3 . from the day of migration , only 30 days of old mail will be migrated from your mailbox . this includes mail in your inbox and other folders . calendar items dating back one year from the day of migration will be migrated . 4 . everyone will have a read only view of notes until the transition is completed . you will be able to copy / paste . thanks , laura 
2	Subject: complimentary easter recipes and more from m & m ' s bait - excelled @ em . ca + unable to see graphics ? make your easter celebration a hoppy one ! sign up for red color : # 9933 cc " > recipes sweet treats that are easy to make . decorating ideas to create a holiday atmosphere anywhere . family fun activities so everyone has the chance to get creative . © mars , incorporated 2005 . all rights reserved . + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from jumpstartlovelife . com . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from jumpstartlovelife . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: fw : terminated employees ' benefits thanks pal ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dinari , sabra l . sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 9 : 24 am to : oxley , david subject : fw : terminated employees ' benefits the information i provided to all of you is not exaggerated , thank you very much . you obviously don ' t have a clue as to what is happening with these employees , how far would $ 4 , 500 go for you if you lost your job today and all of your retirement and were a single mother ? that response to louise just shows your obvious lack of compassion and to think you are the head of hr disturbs me . sabra dinari - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 8 : 52 am to : dinari , sabra l . subject : fw : terminated employees ' benefits seems marla is the contact . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jones , robert w . - hr exec sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 7 : 10 pm to : oxley , david cc : dietrich , janet ; olson , cindy ; kitchen , louise subject : fw : terminated employees ' benefits david , marla is going to track down the issues below . as you know , we are trying our best to address issues like these once we are aware of them . thanks , robert - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oxley , david sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 7 : 01 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : jones , robert w . - hr exec ; barrow , cynthia ; pieper , kalen subject : re : terminated employees ' benefits louise , i think the information below is a little exaggerated , but there is truth in our suppliers having difficulty dealing with all the requests they have been inundated with . i will ask robert and cynthia to take a look and perhaps they can give summarise better than i what the actual position is . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dinari , sabra l . sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 1 : 17 pm to : dietrich , janet ; oxley , david ; beck , sally ; hall , bob m ; olson , cindy ; kitchen , louise subject : terminated employees ' benefits happy new year all , i have been with enron for over 16 years and i have made some very good friends during my time here and right now i am feeling their pain and panic . i talk to several of my terminated friends ( and sister ) each week and get updates from them on what is going on outside of enron . i just want to do whatever i can to help them get through these hard times , this is the reason for my weekly reminders to you all who have the power to do something for them . i passed on the phone numbers for towers perrin and other numbers that they need to get their money from the cash balance plan or to find out more about the cobra benefits , etc . but there is a major stumbling block in their way right now . they keep being told that no one can do anything for them , not even send them the necessary forms to get the ball rolling on these benefits , because enron has not changed their status from active to terminated ( or inactive ) . how can it possibly take a month to get this status changed ? please realize that a lot of these people have nothing : no paycheck coming in , no unemployment checks yet , no retirement , no cash balance money , no medical benefits . . . . they are feeling scared and panicked . . . . please lets do something to help them . i have no clue what all it takes to get 4 , 500 + employees status changed but surely it cannot take a month to accomplish this . whomever is in charge of getting this done , are we sure they have a sense of urgency about the situation ? people could lose their homes , cars , etc . while they are waiting on all this red tape . . . . this is very important . please advise . sabra dinari 
2	Subject: elizabeth 25 has invited you to open a cheating ' house _ wife _ services account cheating ' house _ wife _ services id : elizabeth 25 age : 25 measurement : 36 28 36 status : married , but looking fantasy : do some filthy things with an attractive man , not knowing his name . favorite sexual position : licking dick to accept this invitation and register for your account , visit http : / / candypersonal . com / wiv / signup . php ztop mail  
2	Subject: complete online pharmacy with same day shipping meridia ® is an fda - approved oral prescription medication that is used for the medical management of obesity , including weight loss and the maintenance of weight loss . meridia can only be prescribed by a licensed medical practictioner . xenical , weight loss medication used to help overweight people lose weight and keep this weight off . retin - a ® is used in the treatment of acne as well as to reduce the signs of aging . many other prescription drugs available , including : viagra less than 7 . 00 a pill ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! valtrex , treatement for herpes . propecia , the first pill that effectively treats male pattern hair loss . zyban , zyban is the first nicotine - free pill that , as part of a comprehensive program from your health care professional , can help you stop smoking . claritin , provides effective relief from the symptoms of seasonal allergies . and much more . . . exit instructions : to be extracted from future mailings : mailto : kislinger 987 @ eudoramail . com 
2	Subject: get your m 3 ds here - admix articulatory elastomer bogey condescend bohr slough affiance chasm thong dispensable johnsen coven dock hourglass ocean ciliate memphis personify - - - - 162858187059514449 unsubscribe - - - - 162858187059514449 - - 
2	Subject: downloadable software downloadable software http : / / whitehorse . rubid . com / the deeds will not be less valiant because they are unpraised . a coward dies a thousand deaths , the brave just one . death is not the worst that can happen to men . 
2	Subject: f . o . m . hpl nom . eff . may 1 , 2001 the nomination for may 1 was not available until today . the nom was rolled from april at 5 , 100 / d . the nomination of 5 , 000 / d has been made retroactive to may 1 . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001 01 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bob withers on 05 / 01 / 2001 12 : 13 : 02 pm to : " bob cotten ( e - mail ) " cc : " tom acton ( e - mail ) " , knox westmoreland , stretch brennan subject : f . o . m . hpl nom . eff . may 1 , 2001 this is the estimated josey ranch nomination for the month of may 2001 . the hpl nomination volume to be effective 5 / 1 / 2001 is : 5 , 000 mmbtu / day for kcs resources 1 , 200 mmbtu / day for texaco 6 , 200 mmbtu / day total ( assumed btu factor of 1 . 078 @ 14 . 65 dry ) if you need additional information , kcs ' field contact is stretch brennan in victoria : 512 / 576 - 1005 . bob withers > < kcs energy , inc . 5555 san felipe , suite 1200 houston , tx 77056 voice 713 - 964 - 9434 fax 713 - 877 - 1394 
2	Subject: lst class rolex replicas . . . . get him a quality rolex replica ! we only sell grade a watches . there ' s no battery in these replicas just like the real ones since they charge themselves as you move . the second hand moves just like the real ones , too . these original watches sell in stores for thousands of dollars . we sell them for much less . - replicated to the smallest detail - 98 % perfectly accurate markings - signature green sticker w / serial number on watch back - magnified quickset date - includes all proper markings should you want to , you may unsubscribe here : http : / / replicasoft . biz / subscribe . php 
2	Subject: expense report receipts not received employee name : jerry farmer report name : daren farmer report date : 9 / 7 / 01 report id : 82 c 5 aabda 37 bl 1 d 5 b 43 e submitted on : 9 / 7 / 01 receipts for this expense report have not yet been received . if receipts have been mailed , please disregard this message . 
2	Subject: tw weekly 1 / 19 / 01 please see attached file . if you have any questions , please call me at ( 713 ) 345 - 3858 . 
2	Subject: get your deqreebridgehead transformation implantation laocoon roommate ordinance kick bakhtiari embouchure armageddon demon sham babcock propound eulerian puc chelate crump monarchic vogue evaluate countenance spout horrible amidst adjoin horticulture modulus burmese scotch valeur pursue frailty revert anamorphic u - n - i - v - e - r - s - i - t - y - d - i - p - 1 - 0 - m - a - s obtain a prosperous future , money earning power , and the admiration of all ! diplomas from prestigous - non - acredited universities based on your present knowledge and life experience . no required tests , classes , books , or interviews . bachelors , masters , mba , and doctorate ( phd ) diplomas available in the field of your choice . no one is turned down . confidentiality assured . to receive your diploma within days . 1 - 253 - 679 - 1986 call 24 hours a day , 7 days a week , including sundays and holidays if you wish to not receive any further e - mails from us , please go to http : / / www . ministration . biz / stop . php sorry for any inconvenience .  
2	Subject: soma ( and 300 other drugs ) shipped overnight l l l 300 il l with no prescrlption . * erilneeded * * * * shipped overnight * p here f more if you wish for email elimination , you can do so here . blindfold fantasia allah expectorate superior marry dexter baltimore shameface chloride barbiturate first waltzing iceberg saleslady version britannica geophysical nitride psychiatric monies teacart evocable affront enol objet postfix restful elaine beaumont apocryphal rein ellipse capita boyce heathen daub halsey parboil catfish ursa inorganic archery glasswort milwaukee situs discrete legerdemain workforce cretan dynamite circuitous braille aside trag quarrelsome framework domesday bestselling clarity pestilential incest diode augmentation texas dainty vernal facial anecdotal zomba punitive insistent dolomite torus isochronal ninefold mendel digression dyspeptic cult vogue coincide coeducation bel bedford nest conclusive dispensate aquila detonable canada orangutan alpine methanol bullhead mayor cheer aleck confrontation boeing turbine dispensable braun gifford elysian flashback despond jacobs propagandist waxwork addend chimeric principle drugstore distant require sextet epilogue litigate pharmacist propagate declaim christoph razzle genius n ' s deflector ostrich coop database fairgoer swipe runt nil mind del expectorate twosome lise willful whither diameter buzzard grist leona alfred caramel waveform cyclist monopoly decoy beast solitaire imperil looseleaf argot clasp dichotomy nightcap scrotum thoriate annals lookout legacy molecule abstractor crucifixion martyr brazen wigwam ecuador agrarian flatus downfall arty convoke trilogy bulletin cerebellum pacify diopter confabulate formatted pinsky berglund longtime resolution widespread skylight bait probabilist biochemic admiralty grotesque  
2	Subject: stox in play in june ' s issue we are going to profile a st . oc . k that is very much undervalued and has just started trading . ground floor opportunity for everybody . this small treasure is : nhvp . pk - northeast development corp . the st . oc . k is trading at only 35 - 40 cents and we expect it could hit $ 1 . 20 by mid july . huge pr campaign expected this week so grab as much as you can up to $ 1 range st . oc . k symbol : nhvp . pk current price : $ 0 . 35 we expect the price to go to $ 1 in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to $ 1 . 2 in next 2 weeks . there are some very positive news expected next week so act before that : ) about the company : northeast development corporation ( nsc ) is a real estate construction , development , acquisition and management company focused in the northeastern united states . it currently does business around hartford ct . its  primary objective is to build long - term shareholder value in secondary and tertiary markets that are in exurban growth paths . northeast development corporation ( the " company " , unless the context indicates otherwise ) is engaged in the construction business . the company was incorporated in 2004 as a successor to businesses , which had been engaged in providing construction services since 2003 formerly through an operating subsidiary of rescon technology , inc . the company currently provides general contracting , construction management and design - build services to private clients and public agencies throughout the northeast united states . it has a limited operating history , but strong developmental ties into its  target geographic markets . to date , it has primarily completed civil works projects in the northeast us . the company ' s construction business will involve two basic segments or operations : building and commercial development ; and civil works projects . st . oc . k symbol : nhvp . pk current price : $ 0 . 35 we expect the price to go to $ 1 in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to $ 1 . 2 in next 2 weeks . readitbeforeyou proceed information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , st . oc . ks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in st . oc . ks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of nhvp . pk shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 51500 from third party ( mayaconsulthing ) to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " , " speculative target price " and " intend " or similar terms . 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 21 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: you have won star lottery international bv laan van hoornwajck 55 2289 dg rijswijck den haag , the netherlands attn : we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today 27 th , october 2004 of winners of the star lottery international netherland international , programs held on 23 rd of august 2004 . your email address attached to ticket number 023 - 56475130154 , drew the lucky numbers 6 - 13 - 11 - 42 - 40 - 59 , batch number 6656 / nl and consequently won the lottery in the lst category . you have therefore been approved of a lump sum pay out of 500 , ooo : 00 ) five hundred thousand dollars only in credited to file lottery ref no . sgil / 763276 / 03 . this is from total prize money of euro 20 , 000 , 000 . 00 shared among the seventeen international winners in categories b with serial number : il / flw / 12 - co 33721181 . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 company email addresses and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses from australia , africa , new zealand , america , europe , north america and asia as part of international promotions program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now in custody of a financial security company insured in your file reference . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . this lottery program was promoted by our group of philanthropist headed by the netherlands government . we hope with a part of you prize , you will participate in our end of year high stakes euro 5 , 000 , 000 million international lottery . to begin your claim , please contact your file / claim officer : mr . william robinson foreign service manager standard security bv den haag , the netherlands email : starlottery @ netscape . net tel : + 31 - 617 - 906 - 956 please be informed that non residence of the ntherlands will be required to make a non deductable advance payment of processment and legal documentation charges of ( 928 . 10 cent ) nine hundred and twenty eight euro ten cent , to enable our legal department acquire notorisation papers from the court prior to award payment policy as required by the paying financial securiry company . please be aware that your paying authority will effect payment swiftly upon satisfactory report , verifications and validation provided by our processing agent ; that would be designated to your file . for due processment and remittance of your winning prize to your designated account of your choice . remember , all prize money must be claimed not later than 30 th november 2004 . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference . and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with your agent . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations once again from our team of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automaticaly disqualified . yours sincerely , mr . veroni van bosch lottery coordinator check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: take your dream car out for a spin bait - excelled @ em . ca + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + need a car ? get an auto loan today . visit here . application takes less than 60 seconds . if you would prefer not to receive email advertisements from this advertiser in the future , see here . + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from rollinginthedough . info . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from rollinginthedough . info in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: re : annual compliance meeting i just received a call from donna lowry wanting to know if you were available this thursday morning to attend the below meeting . i told her i would have to check with you first . she thought it would be nice for sr . management to attend . john has agreed to attend . would you like to attend ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , november 06 , 2001 8 : 14 am to : schoppe , tammie subject : fw : annual compliance meeting importance : high ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lowry , donna sent : tuesday , november 06 , 2001 8 : 13 am to : allario , john ; anderson , michael ; ballard , phillip ; barbour , karen l . ; barnes , sylvia ; bartlett , jeff ; becton , pam ; bellinghausen , lynn ; beyer , michael j ; boudreaux , jay ; bowen jr . , raymond ; boyle , dan ; bruce , robert ; bushman , teresa g . ; buy , rick ; byargeon , w . tom ; carson , rick l . ; childers , craig ; clifford , marlene l . ; collett , woodrow ; cook , mary ; corbet , nancy ; daniels , eddy ; darmitzel , paul ; davis , angela ; derrick jr . , james ; devine , bob ; donahue , jeff ; edison , andrew ; enerson , john ; engeldorf , roseann ; eubank , marshall ; essandoh , edwin ; fowler , ellen ; fox , craig a . ; frevert , mark ; fuja , jim ; funk , brenda l . ; gandy , mark ; garland , kevin ; george , robert h . ; giuliani , william ; gorte , david ; griffin , sherri ; haas , merrill w . ; hachen , james ; haedicke , mark e . ; hammond , pearce ; harkness , cynthia ; harris , molly ; heinitz , mary j . ; helfrich , christopher a . ; henry , joseph ; hickerson , gary ; hicks , michelle ; house , john ; hudler , shirley a . ; hudson , l ' sheryl ; humphrey , gene ; hyatt , kevin ; jackson , charlene ; johnson , chuck ; johnson , patrick ; josey , scott ; joyce , joseph ; kalb , thomas ; keel , allan ; kinneman , jeff ; knightstep , melissa c . ; kuykendall , kevin ; landry , shemeika s . ; larson , bradford ; lauer , richard ; lawyer , larry ; ledlow , james ; lewis , jim ; lowry , donna ; lydecker jr . , richard ; maffett , randal ; malcolm , rodney ; mann , kay ; martin , arvel ; marvin , michele nezi ; mcclellan , george ; mcconnell , mike ; mccormick , george ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; meier , mark ; melendrez , jesus ; mellencamp , lisa ; miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; mitchell , david ; morris , brandi ; mrha , jean ; muench , gayle w . ; nettelton , marcus ; neyman , jesse ; muller , mark s . ; otis , brian ; paige , barbara ; petersen , randy ; pizzolato , paul ; quick , joan ; redmond , brian ; reed , andrea v . ; richter , brad ; roblee , kyle ; rogers , rex ; rollins , don ; rossi , robbi ; sager , elizabeth ; schlemmer , jack ; schneider , chip ; schuler , lance ( legal ) ; schultz , cassandra ; sheldon , steven ; st . clair , carol ; stafford , clayton ; stephens , cynthia ; sullo , sharon e ; swinford , brian ; thompson , c . john ; tribolet , michael ; vetters , charles ; virgo , robert ; wackerle , donna ; watkins , sherron ; young , kay ; murray , julia ; aronowitz , alan ; hill , robin ; maxwell , matt ; omasits , paul ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; tweed , sheila ; lyons , dan ; clark , barton ; jones , karen e . ; rasmussen , dale ; page , jonalan ; thomas , jake ; calger , christopher f . ; korkmas , deb ; del vecchio , peter ; stoler , lou ; merten , eric ; yates , kimberly ; vasquez , miguel ; whalley , greg ; mintz , jordan ; port , david ; bradford , william s . ; curry , wanda ; walton , sheila ; lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise ; knight , krysti ; cooper , ford ; melman , gil cc : daw , nicki ; taylor , liz ; harris , stephanie j ; murray , tanja ; schiller , marsha ; heathman , karen k . ; davidson , binky ; rushing , rebekah ; dorsey , joyce ; elbertson , janette ; frazier , bert ; zoch , judy ; phillips , cathy ; cannon , lydia ; metoyer , pam ; geraldo , emy ; gil , mercy ; greenlee , terri ; hennessy , rita ; campbell , bobbie ; george , carolyn ; simmons , linda j . ; haldeman , sandy ; boehnke , karen ; keesler , martha ; babb , marcy ; saunders , sherri r . ; parnizari , lori ; schoppe , tammie ; brooks , loretta subject : annual compliance meeting importance : high as a reminder , the mandatory annual compliance meeting was rescheduled to thursday , november 8 , 2001 from 8 : 30 - 10 : 00 am at the doubletree hotel , lasalle room b . the agenda is as follows : robert george board seats richard lauer ect securities lp cassandra schultz risk management policy bob bruce chinese wall policy chip schneider transaction approval process rick carson rac reporting tools please confirm your attendance at this year ' s meeting either by responding to this email message or contacting donna wackerle at ext . 39755 . if you have already rsvp ' d , thank you and we will see you thursday . if you have any questions , please contact me directly at ext . 31939 . i look forward to seeing you this year . please forward this message to your administrative assistant to ensure it is scheduled on your calendar . donna lowry sr . director rac compliance ( 713 ) 853 - 1939 ( 713 ) 646 - 4039 fax 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 22 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; start date : 1 / 22 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012213 . txt 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010303 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 3 / preferred : 13 . 84 / final : 13 . 81 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 4 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 3 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: profile # : 704 - 2437 4 cheating - wives have been matched for you in your area : 1 ) jessica , 120 lbs , 5 ' 9 , 36 c , 10 miles away , available dec 21 - 29 th 2 ) laura , 127 lbs , 5 ' 8 , 36 d , 8 miles away , available dec 22 - 25 th 3 ) tabatha , 117 lbs , 5 ' 6 , 34 b , 19 miles away , available most nights ( husband works midnights ) 4 ) sandra , 134 lbs , 5 ' 9 , 36 c , 21 miles away , available most week nights ( looking for side - fling ) all 4 women are waiting to speak with you live & have photos . webcam ' s are available for all 4 . if you have found a lady or not to be paired up then continue . http : / / meeting - smile . com / out / 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe liiustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , ross  
2	Subject: the extender yes . . it is possible to increase your penis size http : / / wheatears . net / extender / ? sashok the only method to easily enlarge your penis quickly without surgery or even seeing a doctor . " the extender " has taken natural penis enlargement to the privacy of the home adding both penis length and girth to your penis . it has also been medically proven to correct penile curvature . the way the - extender works is to stretch the penis over time . the more you wear the device , the faster your gains . some people can manage to wear it 5 hours a day while others only manage 2 , its the total time that matters , not the interval length . gains are reasonably fast , even at only 3 hrs / day , with most users gaining over 1 inch in just 2 months . http : / / wheatears . net / extender / ? sashok " the extender " is 100 % effective : ? size gains all users who have followed the instruction manual have obtained an increase in penis length . length gained ranged from 2 inches to 45 full inches after 4 months . with the average size gains being a 1 inch gain each 5 weeks ( 0 . 5 cm growth per week ) . the - extender is the fastest way to increase your size perminantly . ? curvature correction all users that have followed the instruction manual have undergone improvement of existing penile curvature . improvement degree has ranged from 50 % to 90 % correction ( straightening ) . the - extender is helping thousands of men around the world increase there penis size . http : / / wheatears . net / extender / ? sashok if you ' d like to stop mail being sent to your e - mail address in the future please complete the form below . http : / / wheatears . net / rm . php ? sashok 
2	Subject: re : confirm participation at real options conference at cambridge u . - urgent steve , are you interested in speaking at this conference ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 20 / 2000 08 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lenos trigeorgis on 04 / 19 / 2000 05 : 32 : 27 pm to : " vince j kaminski " cc : subject : re : confirm participation at real options conference at cambridge u . - urgent vince can you please check with steve leppard and ask him to confirm , and send to me his position and title of his talk ( if different from yours ) ? thanks very much again lenos at 05 : 14 _ _ 04 / 19 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote : > > > lenos , > > my busy schedule does not allow me to attend . > > i would like , however , to recommend my colleague who works > in london , steve leppard . > he can make a very interesting and original presentation on real options . > please , let me know what you think . > > vince > > > > > > > lenos trigeorgis on 04 / 18 / 2000 09 : 29 : 18 pm > > to : lenos . trigeorgis @ rogroup . com > cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect ) > subject : confirm participation at real options conference at cambridge > u . - urgent > > > > the attached file contains the tentative program for two back - to - back real > options conferences ( a professional one for july 5 - 6 , and the standard > annual academic one for july 7 - 8 ) at cambridge u . > > your name has been provisionally included on the program . please check all > the information relating to you and confirm your participation as listed > ( or advice us of desired changes immediately ) . > > thank you . > > lenos > > > > attachment converted : " c : \ drive _ e \ eudora \ attach \ 4 thconfsessionsl 2 . doc " > > > lenos trigeorgis > professor of finance > university of cyprus > dept of business > 75 kallipoleos , po box 20537 > cy 1678 nicosia cyprus > > tel : + 357 2 892261 > fax : 339063 > > > lenos trigeorgis professor of finance university of cyprus dept of business 75 kallipoleos , po box 20537 cy 1678 nicosia cyprus tel : + 357 2 892261 fax : 339063 
2	Subject: why pay so much for medications ? buy online now . l l l 300 il l with no prescrlption . * erilneeded * * * * shipped overnight * p here f more if you wish for email elimination , you can do so here . accentuate carcinogenic tomorrow elliott col contrast dogging zombie vainglorious sticky woodard sextet glee welcome academia surtout cinematic plutonium anselm gull proctor rabble antimony thrill beaten referring edgy insurrect lioness forestry beg diacritical lehman fete trollop boulder twosome morris enos pyramidal gout schaefer percentile sawfly barefaced grillwork pandemic cartilaginous preview pion handleable sloe conant kuhn mucosa savannah exercise gabardine goldman chesterton vita soliloquy markov hamper y cursor auckland gee militant southbound cane vet practical precursor nimh abbas juggle hallow apartheid adaptive bundle frown balfour combinatoric mantel sophism cognitive schoolboy mollusk stud vassal midstream rapacious bamboo irreducible landslide irrigate act knob pumice shipshape feast glasgow cornelia dredge domino concordant actress phonetic macromolecule n ocarina pyrolysis weighty communicant deform zesty ruddy serendipitous desecrater monkey satiate brunette hornwort pavilion crosshatch tuition ravish bus corrigendum extensible control teresa feline chordate laszlo tetrahedron affirm ali tucson piezoelectric ramble differ coal sanguineous exterior micronesia moreover haag lecher technology cozen delhi centrist bettor wormy welch doe hover malpractice crunch carolinian cattle dyne deduce plastic energy richardson residuary elliot  
2	Subject: david triplett , * 75 % off for all new softwares . windowxp professional _ $ 50 window office professional 2003 _ $ 60 photoshop 7 . 0 _ $ 60 and more and more good products . . why buy in retailprices district , at almost every .  
2	Subject: re : gmm 19 oct 01 please find attached the global markets monitor for the week ending 19 october 2001 . thank you , maureen raymond - castaneda and gwyn koepke 
2	Subject: fw : business cards for newco employees what do you think ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shah , kal sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 11 : 16 am to : schoppe , tammie subject : business cards for newco employees tammie - - happy new year . i am preparing a plan for designing / printing collateral materials ( stationary , envelopes , etc . ) for newco since we will need to do a big mailing announcing the new trading web site . it occured to me that newco employees will want new business cards as well . is the buyer going to handle printing business cards for us ? if not , i can help mock up some designs and talk to some printers about getting them printed quickly . my thought was that we send out an e - mail to employees ( around jan 14 th ) with an order form where employees can put in their business card info . and submit to me . our group can collect all the orders and hire a printer to do one mass business card print run . this will save money and create a consistent look for business cards . when you can , pls . let me know what you think . thanks kal 
2	Subject: order xanax directly from here order xanax directly from here we are the best source for medication online ! - very easy ordering - no prior prescription needed - quick delivery - inexpensive mpbsm xe ukuyz c detedwubbr c ku rp cj nv qaspgwsoyfs fbl ujx rtf  
2	Subject: hpl nom for july 13 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 713 . xls ) - hplo 713 . xls 
2	Subject: re : support services for ena i have also assumed we take everyone in the calgary and portland offices - so i ' ve missed them off the list . i ' ve got names if you need them . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sunday , november 04 , 2001 7 : 06 pm to : slone , jeanie ; lavorato , john subject : support services for ena so here ' s how it works . the attached spreadsheet has three master worksheets : ( i ) energy operations ( ii ) it ( iii ) support services all the rest of the worksheets are back up documentation for the rankings . please identify the people on the masters who actually have contracts . thanks louise > 
2	Subject: ( 24 ) try cialis ! ( 82 ) can ' t get your penis up in bed ? tried viagra , didn ' t like it , and it got your penis too sore ? try cialis ( super viagra ) . . . it gives you 36 hours of freedom to get it up in bed at will . your woman will think you ' ve had a revolution downstairs ! ! find out more info here no thanks obfhjjbebs ekqxvadausludc kxrljwdiloixm  
2	Subject: mom and daughter play with dildo having kids must have stretched out her pretty pussy . that is why she is able to take two dicks in one hole at the same time ! this sounds shocking , but it ' s real ! her son and his friend got work to do ! you must see it ! really shocking and amazing ! http : / / betide . houseincest . info / mi / it is good to have company in misery  
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for alejandra . chaves @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000009688 request create date : 12 / 8 / 00 11 : 01 : 42 am requested for : alejandra . chaves @ enron . com resource name : eol us risk management application product data manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: how ya doin ? debit hey , my name is amber and i just got my new webcam up . . . you can talk to me free for aslong as you want at my website : : www . jupamber . com / dcam . html i hope you come visit me soon . . . i ' ll be waiting : ] bye 
2	Subject: play on ocean treasure casino , get $ 300 bonus ! grand opening - ocean treasure online casino . enjoy real casino action on your desktop with these exciting promotional offers : get $ 300 bonus on your first deposit ! enter this code in the casino software ' s cashier : x 3 daw get $ 10 free , no deposit needed ! enter this code : frlee allow us to show you our quality operation , fast payouts , generous bonuses , and super friendly around - the - clock customer support . go here : http : / / otcasino . biz best regards , steven hughes no thanks : http : / / otcasino . biz / u / 
2	Subject: re : based on my discussions with jeanie slone , i believe she has been severed . i consistently followed the sitiuation to ensure she was retained and it was my understanding this was the way it was to be handled . i know there is not a policy manual on this situation , but i spoke with jeanie to ensure coverage . it is my understanding jeanie was discussing this matter with david oxley or you . laura - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wed 1 / 2 / 2002 2 : 15 pm to : luce , laura cc : subject : re : but what is her status now ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : luce , laura sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 1 : 42 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : re : deirdre mccaffrey was in global markets . we ( hunter and i ) believe deirdre is an extremely strong asset to be in netco . laura - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 1 : 27 pm to : oquinn , kari ; hall , bob m ; beck , sally ; luce , laura subject : the following people have been identified as no longer with the company although they are on the netco list . please let kari know on any changes ( jeanie is out ) . i assume there are no problems but if so let me know . larry hunter - documentation deidre mccaffrey - gas origination larry cash - gas settlements jon lewis - risk 
2	Subject: re : " v [ iagra , it ' s for more than just sex ! "  
2	Subject: interview for 4 / 23 / 2001 ( greg shea ) thank you for assisting with the interview process for greg shea on monday , april 23 , 2001 . below please find a copy of the scheduled itinerary for mr . shea . as a reminder , he is interviewing for the position of vp of gas trading in calgary reporting to rob milnthorp . he intends to bring his resume with him on his visit monday . 10 : 30 - 11 : 00 greg whalley eb 3322 11 : 15 - 12 : 00 hunter shively eb 3316 12 : 00 - 01 : 30 john lavorato eb 3308 01 : 30 - 02 : 00 jeff shankman eb 3330 02 : 00 - 02 : 45 kevin hannon eb 4508 03 : 00 - 03 : 30 louise kitchen eb 3314 03 : 30 - 04 : 30 dave delainey ebo 884 04 : 30 - 05 : 00 john arnold eb 3316 if you have any questions , please feel free to contact myself or john lavorato at x 37991 . kim hillis 30681 
2	Subject: re : the newvatrfacs program and testing data jin & winston , i will look at the results of 2 runs , but i will not look at the code unless it is in our version control system sccs . please , put all your version under this system , as we used to do , and as we discussed with you . thank you , tanya from : jin yu 10 / 24 / 2000 12 : 31 am to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect cc : wenyao jia / hou / ect @ ect subject : the newvatrfacs program and testing data hi , tanya : two versions of the newvatrfacs program : with ( v 2 ) and without ( vl ) weight are listed in the location : / rms / prod / bin / tmp / vl and / rms / prod / bin / tmp / v 2 along with testing result for the effdate  ' 20 - oct - 2000 ' . the testing results of the factors for a given ng - cluster ( a constant list : clust . dat ) are listed in / rms / prod / bin / tmp . ( the files with name like s * are the results of a test run without " weight " , while the files with name like t * are the results of a test run with " weight " ) . all source codes are listed there , including the makefile and the excuteables . should you find any problem with the program , please let me know . jin 
2	Subject: matching gifts enron does match donations to the zoo . i don ' t know about employee discounts , but i ' ll check . vanessa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vanessa bob / corp / enron on 12 / 28 / 2000 11 : 14 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : laura schwartz 12 / 28 / 2000 11 : 07 am to : vanessa bob / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : matching gifts - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by laura schwartz / corp / enron on 12 / 28 / 2000 10 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - michelle . lokay @ enron . com on 12 / 28 / 2000 10 : 53 : 52 am to : community - relations @ enron . com cc : subject : matching gifts does enron offer matching gifts or discounts to the zoo ? 
2	Subject: f . o . m . nomination eff . june 1 , 2000 fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by susan d trevino / hou / ect on 05 / 30 / 2000 08 : 29 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bob withers on 05 / 26 / 2000 10 : 01 : 15 am to : " susan trevino ( e - mail ) " cc : " taylor vance ( e - mail ) " , stretch brennan , knox westmoreland subject : f . o . m . nomination eff . june 1 , 2000 this is the estimated josey ranch nomination for the month of june 2000 . the hpl nomination volume to be effective 6 / 1 / 2000 is : 9 , 500 mmbtu / day for kcs resources 1 , 800 mmbtu / day for texaco 11 , 300 mmbtu / day total ( assumed btu factor of 1 . 076 @ 14 . 65 dry ) if you need additional information , kcs ' field contact is stretch brennan in victoria : 512 / 576 - 1005 . bob withers > < kcs energy , 5555 san felipe , suite 1200 houston , tx 77056 voice mail / page 713 - 964 - 9434 
2	Subject: 7 20 05 - efilm market online ( www . efilmonline . com ) is proud to feature the following entertainment products efilm market online ( www . efilmonline . com ) is proud to feature the following entertainment products for july 20 , 2005 : the coat room produced by : untitled productions genre : sex comedy status : completed ready for delivery logline : museum is not responsible for items checked running time : 99 minutes director : jason f . gilbert producer : jason f . gilbert cast : edgar b . herwick iii claire bromwell jessica graham chris keener patrick carrico synopsis : james hates his life , his job and his girlfriend . in a vain attempt to sober up and make a numb life for himself , he takes a job in the philadelphia museum of art . his first day on the job he ' s placed in the coat room with claire , whose sarcastic and hardened personality manages to pierce james ' lifeless veneer . james ' budding crush on the young woman is enough to rope him into a series of scams she has planned for the day in order to make enough money to move away . under an onslaught of odd museum patrons and caricatures of the young and hip art crowd , james is powerless to ease the awful pain of existence in a rhetorical world . claire ' s life of impulsive action without thought forces james to confront both her lies and his own . does james have what it takes to change his life ? can he find a reason to exist in this overwhelmingly futile world ? to view full listing : http : / / www . efilmonline . com / assetmain . php ? assetid  182 pak pak pakaak distributed by : soc films pvt . ltd . produced by : soc films pvt . ltd . genre : family comedy status : completed ready for delivery logline : the most prestigious marathi blockbuster in recent times marks the return of nana patekar to marathi cinema after a 20 yr . sabbatical and a sterling performance by young saksham kulkarni . running time : 2 hrs . 15 mins . auction details title : pak pak pakaak distributor : soc films pvt . ltd . available territories : all territories available rights : theatrical start time : 2005 - 06 - 27 11 : 06 : 35 end time : 2005 - 07 - 27 11 : 06 : 35 director : gautam joglekar producer : aashish rego cast : nana patekar saksham kulkarni synopsis chikhloo , a twelve - year - old orphan stays in village mangalpada with his grandmother . his fellow villagers thought they could rag him since he was just a small , helpless orphan . in order to counter their vile intentions , chikhloo was forced to resort to defense tactics . he soon learnt that offense is the best form of defense . he also realized that he possesses an inborn talent for mischief , and soon , what had begun as a mere means of survival , turned into divine enjoyment for chikhloo . now he thrives on causing tremendous angst to the villagers , and they have become his sworn enemies . alas , chikhloo is only half of the villagersõ worries . their other nemesis is bhutya , the dreaded ghost that haunts the jungles surrounding the village . in mangalpada , every adversityé be it epidemic , accident , or deathé is attributed to be bhutyaõs doing . they even deem chikhloo to be an incarnate of bhutya himself . ?why not ? ó thinks chikhloo . if he joined forces with bhutya , he would have an upper hand in his war against the villagers . and chikhloo sets off into the jungles to meet bhutya . chikhloo meets bhutya and finds him to be not so scary after all . citing the villagers to be their common enemy , he lays before the ghost of the jungle , a profound proposal of partnership . awed and amused by the boyõs gall , bhutya agrees to be chikhlooõs friend and to help him teach the villagers a lesson they would never forget . what follows is a heart - warming narrative of the warm friendship that develops between the boy and the ghost . and boy , are the villagers of manglapada in for a shock ? ? ? notes : this film has opened to rave reviews and full houses in maharashtra , india . audio : t - series india video - video palace overseas video , satellite and terrestrial open to view full listing : http : / / www . efilmonline . com / assetmain . php ? assetid  181 cliff house compilations distributed by : cliff house productions produced by : cliff house productions genre : short subject ( 30 minutes or less ) status : completed ready for delivery logline : who says it takes big bucks to make good movies ? six short films by filmmakers from sf to boston prove it ainõt so . running time : 119 minutes director : david lewis gabriel tolliver christopher lyman brown mike cavanaugh phillip bissada producer : margaret beima diane barberini cliff house productions started with the idea that the short film should not be a calling card to hollywood , but the end product of the independent filmmaker ' s vision and labor in and of itself . this video compilation of short films includes dance for two by phillip bissada , baby oil by mike cavanaugh , america : forever a rebel by christopher lyman brown , soup by mike cavanaugh , connects by gabriel tolliver and kings of the mountain by david lewis . to view full listing : http : / / www . efilmonline . com / assetmain . php ? assetid  180 songshoy ( the dilemma ) distributed by : sri ganesh productions ( kolkata ) produced by : sri ganesh productions ( kolkata ) genre : family drama status : in post production ( 10 wks to completion ) running time : 120 min director : saibal mitra producer : avijit banerjee cast : kunal mitra rituparna sengupta jiyan mitra sudipta chakraborty synopsis : the film revolves around four characters within a span of seven days in a hill resort in north bengal . anita , a widow with her 6 years old son bubai , shyamal , a doctor liberated and ambitious and maitrayee , an orthodox leftwing activist represent four corners of a ôspaceõ where a sense of dilemma exists in each individual . it is a confusing situation for these characters who want to explore the escape route from a conformist bengali society to a modern global free society that is emerging in india . nobody knows whether the journey will be successful or doomed for anita and her son . they meet one another head - on within a cloistered atmosphere of the hill resort to assert their point of views and in the web of confusions , a tragedy strike . now , do they continue to explore the escape route ? do they get back to where they belong ? screening format : - 4 : 3 language : - bengali ( english sub - title ) to view full listing : http : / / www . efilmonline . com / assetmain . php ? assetid  179 route 66 roadtrip through america genre : episodic documentary status : in post production ( 8 wks to completion ) logline : take the ride of a lifetime route 66 roadtrip through america running time : 60 minutes director : jim roche producer : jim roche cast : folks that live on 6 synopsis : interesting interviews and attractions along historic route 66 filmed in road trip style . would also consider selling raw footage . to view full listing : http : / / www . efilmonline . com / assetmain . php ? assetid  177 derby distributed by : alpine pictures , inc . ( sales agent ) produced by : tite - belt productions , llc . genre : family drama status : in development logline : twelve year - old ?bobbyó ( daryl sabara ) who , in the wake of losing his family in an accident , is taken in by his aunt and uncle who live in a small town where soap box racing is the sport of choice for local youth director : oliver robins producer : oliver robins dino ladki cast : daryl sabara synopsis : ?bobbyó ( daryl sabara ) who , in the wake of losing his family in an accident , is taken in by his aunt and uncle who live in a small town where soap box racing is the sport of choice for local youth . his new guardians , however , disapprove of the pastime . so , despite warnings of danger , the boy befriends a recluse vietnam veteran and former soap box derby champion who mentors him and teaches him the ways of soap box racing while also helping him deal with the loss of his parents . daryl sabara starred in the ?spy kidsó trilogy grossed over $ 430 million worldwide , released theatrically by dimension . sabaraõs other credits include ?the polar expressó and the nbc / dreamworks series , ?father of the pride . ó most recently daryl starred in ?lucky 13 ó , alongside jeremy piven , daryl hannah and richard benjamin to be released theatrically by disney studios . the production is set to be shot this august in new mexico with an anticipated 2006 theatrical release . dino ladki is casting and will also associate produce . the filmõs sale agent is alpine pictures international . the rights for the motion picture are currently still available in all territories . project seeks financing . contact : derbythemovie @ yahoo . com to view full listing : what is efilm market online ? efilm market online is your chance to retain up to 97 % of what your title grosses in worldwide sales . efilm market online cuts out the middle man , and lets buyers contact you directly through efilm ' s auction and promotional services . in other words , it brings sellers and buyers together , from the comfort of their own chairs . seller , or buyer , you make the deals yourselves . at efilm market online , you are your own salesperson , and , yes - - the end result will be that film sellers will retain up to 97 % of what their film grosses . there are no hidden expenses that eat up potential profits . there are no markets to wait for , or to travel to . efilm is on line all the time . for as little as $ 35 . 00 a month * , you can get your films sold now . preview a film , screenplay or tv title , and its associated trailers , posters , synopsis , story and even full length screeners of a film . you can even use efilm to use our patent pending interface to create auctions for each worldwide territory to sell those rightsjust as you would at the offline film markets . take a few minutes to get to know us . visit us at : www . efilmonline . com it ' s easy to use , so get started now . this is the newest way to buy a film , or sell a film . this is a way for you to view product that you might not have had the chance to see . efilm market online is here . and now . efilm market online ?the digital film marketplaceó www . efilmonline . com e - mail us : customerservice @ efilmonline . com ( 760 ) 602 - 9979 ( 760 ) 602 - 9229 [ fax ] * visit us at www . efilmonline . com to see a full description of our cost saving rates . to unsubscribe , please email customerservice @ efilmonline . com and write in header , ?unsubscribeó .  
2	Subject: fwd : fw : fwd : picture worth a thousand words the hits just keep on coming . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steve venturatos / hou / ect on 11 / 14 / 2000 11 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " bradley rome " on 11 / 14 / 2000 11 : 14 : 31 am please respond to to : , , , , , , , cc : subject : fwd : fw : fwd : picture worth a thousand words bradley j . rome , cpl / esa senior staff landman burlington resources oil dave hackney ( e - mail ) ; doug bowling ( e - mail ) ; george grau ( e - mail ) ; jay martin ( e - mail ) ; jim bailey ( e - mail ) ; jim vance ( e - mail ) ; kevin ashley ( e - mail ) ; leanne cantrell ( e - mail ) ; lew scott ( e - mail ) ; mike bowman ( e - mail ) ; steve bohnet ( e - mail ) ; tim walker ( e - mail ) ; todd burkes ( e - mail ) subject : fw : fwd : picture worth a thousand words > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : lisa lahoste > sent : tuesday , november 14 , 2000 6 : 00 am > to : barbara meyer ; bob murphy ; bob byars > subject : fwd : picture worth a thousand words > > > > > lisa lahoste > energy partners , ltd . > engineering technician > east bay field > ( 504 ) 799 - 1919 > ( 504 ) 799 - 1910 fax > llahoste @ eplweb . com > - algore . jpg 
2	Subject: a chance to get new logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visuai imaqe of your company by creating an outstandinq ioqo , presentabie stationery items and professionai website . these marketing toois wiii siqnificantiy contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work sampies , hot deal packages and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: paper hi mr . kaminski , thank you for taking your time to interview me for opportunities at enron . i enjoyed talking you and learning more about enron and its dynamic business environment . i appreciate your consideration for a challenging and rewarding position in this industry . please find the attached copy of my dissertation . if you have any problem in compiling this file , please let me know . i respected your insights and perspective on the issues addressed in my ph . d . dissertation ; including the issues on creative model building , factors affecting natural gas and elctricity demand and supply , and implementation of these models to simulate the future and help traders in the decision making of their day to day business . i appreciated talking with you . thank you for considering me . i am enthusiastic about opportunities at enron and look forward to hearing from you . sincerely dipak agarwalla _ _ _ _ _ _ _ get more from the web . free msn explorer download : http : / / explorer . msn . com - dissertation - dipak agarwalla . doc 
2	Subject: saving social security your government is destroying your future ! you must stop them now ! ! ! educate yourself : saving social security : a commonsense approach to finding a permanent solution explains the problems and offers answers . this book is easy to read and understand and well worth your time . you cannot win the battle if you don ' t arm yourself with knowledge first . knowledge is power and this book will empower you ! ! take action : write your congressman and let him / her know you will not stand idly by and let them squander your future . sample letters are included in the book along with name , address phone number of each representative by state . make your voice heard ! ! if enough people are screaming at the government for change , they cannot turn a deaf ear . together , we can save social security ! call now to order your copy of this must read book . . . ( 877 ) 835 - 1482 or orderfrom our website - www . . net $ 14 . 95 + $ 3 . 95 sh ( not available in book stores / will be shipped immediatly . ) thank you for your order ! ! ! the j & g group pmb # 302 , ste - c 4 , 20229 n . 67 th ave . glendale , az 85308 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: movie lovers love this kqo 3 introducing 2005 digital cable filters equipped with latest pass - through technology video bypass chip . guarantee to work with all digital cable receivers . . or your moneeys back ! - enjoy free pay - per - view channels - adult channels - on demand channels and lots more ! http : / / www . 1 clickagency . info re movress below : http : / / www . 1 clickagency . info / r u 3 vof  
2	Subject: adipren 720 - find out the latest facts . northernmost hey , how are you doing ? want to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarantee ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - burns calorized fat . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 if you wish not to be contacted again please enter your email address here . or you can write to : mar - ket research 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 conforms to legal requirements of 2003 us can - spam act . wishy crematory sailboat classroom matinee bipolar  
2	Subject: employee transportation announcements metro and enron invite you to celebrate " discover metro week " from 11 : 00 a . m . to 1 : 00 p . m . on thursday , september 14 , 2000 in antioch park . live music ! complimentary refreshments ! special mass transit announcement ! van pool introduction ! be sure to ask about metro ' s first month free promotion for new van pool riders and don ' t miss the special announcement concerning bus riders ! metro will be recognizing enron for its corporate leadership in supporting transportation alternatives for employees . join our transportation department on thursday , september 14 , to celebrate enron ' s leadership in commuter solutions for employees . 
2	Subject: tutored best n @ k . ed lolitas . . . codifying beagles janeiro snack rhythm our site is dedicated to the beauty and enchancement of real lolita girls between the ages of 6 and 17 ! we have some of the most beautiful under . age models in the world . some of our lolita girls are professionals , some are innocent . . . imprinted the collection is updated weekly so there ' s always something new for you to enjoy . worried watch them . . . here : http : / / nonstandart . biz / home / ?  improves thank you , bye brookhaven remedies grumble miracle touch allotments normals mailer amiga  
2	Subject: cross training - industrials robert , in our continued cross training effort , please train susan hadix on the industrials . this should include everything associated with the industrials including buybacks , swing deals , spreadsheets , etc . susan will be your backup . thanks , pat 
2	Subject: free new cars for the taking ! get a free car or suv ! click here ! there are hundreds of companies giving away free cars ! chevy blazer dodge durango ford windstar honda civic and more . . . ! click here ! we take your privacy very seriously and it is our policy never to send unwanted email messages . this message has been sent to gibbs @ midrange . com because you are a member of consumer today or you signed up with one of our marketing partners . to unsubscribe , simply click here ( please allow 3 - 5 business days for your unsubscribe request to be processed ) . questions or comments - send them to customerservice @ consumertoday . net .  
2	Subject:  why paily for pobrne ? as a lrpim " itecd ti , mne pr ] o > mobtiolqn we ar 79 e ofnferreing a , 100 fl % free lifyetelime accooess p 6 lassword to oqudr rleality porgfn mewpg 7 a site we have creyated the ult ~ r 7 a mega sitqle , with a colle 3 ction of 11 s \ ites our collection oslf s > ites izonclude her ffirsvt an _ al xxx , r ; eara - l gan " gbangaxs , m . i 9 . l . f galleruie 9 xs , dmude ' s lucksy day , her fipbrst leosb @ iakn experienqc . e , and miore . . . there is no o _ blil 6 g 2 ation , anc 6 d ict ' s f " rene get 100 % free accesvs fjor lybifje cl \ i 9 lck hetsre now for dzxebxtails remove herde  
2	Subject: cs just enjoy great saving at discount program store . choose discount store that offers a full range of quality program discs at the best prices . we are your easy and convenient program discs solution at this moment . enjoy convenient online shopping and save on program discs for office operation , operation system , programming , server maintenance , pc diagnostics , finance and graphic design . it is a great choice for you to save on program discs on operation system , programming , office administration , server maintenance , pc diagnostics , finance , graphic design and processing . don ' t miss the sale on computer programs and check them online . once again they could win without their best defenders . pro bowl defensive lineman richardsaid people should stay at home or take metro , which will be adding cars and security to handlepyr . pyrlwon . wono 0 m . m udls . udlss . s  
2	Subject: 5 - 10 gas var violation attached is the enron americas gas trading var violation for may 10 , 2001 . the office of the chairman for enron americas is responsible for printing out a hard copy of this memo , signing it and returning the hard copy to chris abel who will forward it to rac to obtain their signature . 
2	Subject: neon for march 28 please respond to here is the neon lesson for march 28 th ! - experiencing god week 4 . doc 
2	Subject: pa and eta we have jim pietre ' s comments , which are minimal and mark is responding now . should be resolved within the hour . mark haedicke 
2	Subject: message subject desirous zebra cervantes department bathe mollycoddle , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today l ' sworldwide shippiing carouse prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75 & many more meds for u to choose from technion dont miss this prom 0 tionlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) rifle cowman coralline . collegiate autonomic remnant phelps bituminous stockade skopje blaspheme budapest credit ,  
2	Subject: regarding wamu checking account urgent update - 9080 in security key : xqedrekrfih dear wamu . com customer , we regret to inform you , that we had to block your wamu . com account because we have been notified that your account may have been compromised by outside parties . our terms and conditions you agreed to state that your account must always be under your control or those you designate at all times . we have noticed some activity related to your account that indicates that other parties may have access and or control of your information in your account . these parties have in the past been involved with money laundering , illegal drugs , terrorism and various federal title 18 violations . in order that you may access your account we must verify your identity by clicking on the link below : after submitting , please donot access your online banking account for the next 48 - 72 hours until the verification process ends . sincerely , wamu . com business development group . note : requests for information will be initiated by our wamu . com business development group , this process cannot be externally expedited through customer support .  kp qvvod m gv mp eq a ir kkwjizqotyyj ahochuzmlzgkxmzcp lu jl q a ta olvmll 
2	Subject: 75 % off sears , walmart , sephora , disney and more shop to win . saving money is good ! target sears wal - mart macy ' s health & beauty avon sephora zirh mothernature sports holiday gift ideas sport chalet sportmart reebok store bally store holiday gifts for your pets petco petsmart petcare rx allpets . com the incredibles are here disneydirect . com has " the incredibles " merchandise now available : toys , jackets , bedding and more just in time for the holidays ! also shop disney ' s holiday gift shop ! over 250 new gift ideas ! holiday shopping made easy avon - barnes & noble - diamond . com - eddie bauer - hallmark . com - lane bryant - overstock . com - payless shoesource - the sharper image - cruisedirect . com - expedia . com - travelworm . com click here for huge holiday deals savings ! dvds videos , electronics and more . shop for free shipping ! this is not a spam . you are receiving this email because you have requested to receive emails from us . you have either signed up for one of our newsletters or have requested to receive emails from one of our partners . snp inc 251 jeanell drive , suite 3 carson city , nv 89703  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? such remedy - - - litt ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? le cost ! ?  seek medication directly from food and drug administration customary mfr . in india . safe up to 75 % on our drugs . our url  
2	Subject: new acquisition webmodal , inc . , k / n / a enron freight markets corp . , a delaware corporation , was acquired on march 2 , 2001 through the merger of webmodal acquisition corp . , with and into webmodal , inc . particulars are : parent company : enron global markets llc - 100 % business : rail and truck transportation procurement . shares : common : authorized - 10 , 000 ; $ 1 par value ; issued - 1 , 000 ( to be confirmed ) directors and officers : see attached data sheet employees : yes foreign qualifications : ga , il , pa , tx , va company no : 1519 wbml note : sylvia hu - evidence to follow by hand . kate b . cole director , corporate services enron corp . tel : ( 713 ) 853 - 1624 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 8007 email : kate . cole @ enron . com 
2	Subject: superior prescripiton pills diopter gimpy areawide biota upholstery bathos cereus are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! we have all pills you may well require ! all your pills in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now shareown thieving aviate goofy another  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012909 . txt 
2	Subject: computer accessories and cables accessories cables description price cables connectors usb cable am / bm 1 . 8 m beige @ $ 00 . 30 only ide cable @ $ 00 . 25 only cpu to monitor power cable @ $ 00 . 28 only 3 pin power cable black @ $ 00 . 33 only printer cable 1 . 8 m @ $ 00 . 47 only vga cable 15 m / m 1 . 8 m @ $ 00 . 84 only fax modem cable 9 f / 25 m 1 . 8 m @ $ 00 . 84 only serial cable 25 m / m 1 . 8 m @ $ 00 . 84 only usb adapter am / bf @ $ 1 . 00 only usb adapter af / af @ $ 1 . 00 only laplink cable 25 m / m 1 . 8 mtr @ $ 1 . 00 only kvm switch cable @ $ 6 . 80 only usb laplink cable @ $ 8 . 50 only cat 5 e cable 305 mtr @ $ 33 . 30 only cat 6 e cable 305 mtr @ $ 90 . 00 only glass filters dust covers dc 304 dust cover @ $ 00 . 76 only 14 / 15 " glass filters - economic series @ $ 00 . 82 only 17 " glass filter - economic series @ $ 1 . 30 only double coated filter 15 " @ $ 8 . 50 only double coated filter 17 " @ $ 11 . 90 only cd / dvd - wallets cd cases cd jewel case slim @ $ 00 . 10 only cd jewel case double @ $ 00 . 15 only cw 24 n cd wallet nylon @ $ 00 . 50 only cw 24 l cd wallet leather @ $ 00 . 65 only cw 48 l cd wallet leather @ $ 1 . 20 only storage boxes 3 . 5 " disk st . box ( 50 ) @ $ 1 . 10 only data switches data switches manual dss 2 xl @ $ 2 . 72 only auto data switch 2 xl @ $ 4 . 10 only manual dss 4 xl @ $ 4 . 75 only kvm switch 2 xl @ $ 11 . 90 only kvm switch 4 xl @ $ 13 . 60 only usb hub 4 port w / power @ $ 14 . 00 only usb hub 7 port @ $ 30 . 60 only other accessories copy holder w / stand @ $ 1 . 45 only copy holder arm type @ $ 5 . 10 only headphones microphone clip @ $ 00 . 67 only microphone stand @ $ 00 . 85 only earphone with mic call somic cd 750 headset with mic @ $ 1 . 86 only visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! call for products not listed * minimum quantities apply * your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: enron nom for february 16 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 216 . xls ) - hplno 216 . xls 
2	Subject: fw : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bradford , william s . sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 4 : 39 pm to : ' fhilton @ aep . com ' subject : re : frank , we have already done a number of things to help reduce aep ' s exposure to enron , none of which were required contractually . we made a margin payment of $ 50 , 000 , 000 . we arranged ring - trades with allegheny which reduced your exposure by over $ 90 , 000 , 000 . we have proposed a number of assignments which would reduce your exposure to enron incrementally . conversely , pursuant to our contracts aep has failed to pay a $ 1 , 311 , 625 . 46 swap settlement that was due on 11 / 8 / 01 . additionally , a margin call which was due to enron on 11 / 8 / 01 in the amount of $ 19 , 250 , 000 and remains unpaid . additionally , aep has failed to continue to trade with enron which was not our understanding of the agreement . enron maintains its investment grade credit rating and is receiving $ 1 . 5 billion of additional funded equity capital from dynegy as announced on friday . we are more than happy to continue helping you to reduce exposures in mutually agreeable manners but do not agree to the below list of requests . we need you to address these above issues before we can progress on these exposure reductions . regards , bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ksbrownl @ aep . com @ enron on behalf of fhilton @ aep . com sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 12 : 19 pm to : wbradfo @ ect . enron . com subject : per our conversation on november 12 , 2001 , aep has reassessed it ' s risk tolerance for enron corporation . in light of the current status , we propose the following things to be done to allow for normal trading and other business activity to commence : a fully executed master set off agreement ( msa ) with an adequate assurance provision and no mac clauses . an agreement that allows for same day margining cash collateral or letter of credit to bring exposure down to zero work towards executing an eei agreement hpl post closing settlement payment must be paid as agreed by both parties settlement of all payments due and past due these are the critical issues we feel must be addressed to get things back to normal . we appreciate all that has been done thusfar in working to mitigate our exposure , however , we now feel that more should be done to protect what we have at risk . i look forward to your reply , should you have any questions , comments or otherwise , please give me a call . best regards , frank hilton managing director , chief credit officer 
2	Subject: discussion of employee perfomance lelt me know when you have time to get together to discuss mr . purcell performance regards , scotty 
2	Subject: interview thanks dear dr . kaminski : thank - you once again for inviting me to interview for a position in your corporate research group . i very much enjoyed meeting you and your colleagues . i was quite ? impressed by the excellent quality of the people and the entrepreneurial spirit at enron . the ongoing projects in support of energy and broadband ? marketing as well as insurance ? are very interesting to me . i definitely would like to be a part of these efforts . thank - you again for the opportunity to interview with your group . ? sincerely , rodney greene 
2	Subject: re : invitation to speak at infocast ' s upcoming " market price volatility " program ron , i am sorry to inform you that due to a scheduling conflict i cannot speak at this conference . i want to thank you for considering me as a speaker . vince kaminski " ron henderson " on 12 / 30 / 99 06 : 57 : 05 pm please respond to ronh @ . com to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : invitation to speak at infocast ' s upcoming " market price volatility " program hi vince , i would like to invite you , or one of your staff , to be a speaker at infocast ' s upcoming conference " market price volatility : how to model , assess , and manage price volatility in today ' s power markets , " scheduled for may 10 - 12 , 2000 , in chicago . i am attaching a copy of the draft program agenda for your review . as you may note , we wish to take our recent houston meeting a step farther by making this next session a more technically - oriented meeting . there are two spots you may wish to consider : 1 . the session entitled " case study in modeling volatility , " scheduled for wednesday , may 10 th , from 3 : 30 to 5 : 00 pm . you will note below , what we had in mind for the case study . 2 . the talk " a real options approach to asset valuation , " scheduled for thursday , may 11 th , from 10 : 30 am to 12 : 00 pm . i am running behind schedule in finalizing this program , so i will give you a call shortly to follow up with you . if you wish , please feel free to call me at 818 - 888 - 4445 ext . 28 . i hope you can join us . ron henderson infocast 818 - 888 - 4445 ext . 28 ronh @ . com case study guidelines 1 . model should be for a particular market . examples : pjm , chicago , ecar , southern california . lb ( optional ) . model should be for a particular purpose . examples : valuing a new combustion turbine at the florida / georgia border , bidding on a portfolio of power plants up for sale in nepool , valuing a retail portfolio in pennsylvania . 2 . model should be estimated on a particular data set . examples : daily nymex close prices for palo verde , pjm hourly spot prices for 1998 - 1999 . 3 . case study should describe several candidate models , for volatility and / or market price , that were considered . case study should discuss why these models were considered . candidate models should be described mathematically and verbally . 4 . evaluation criteria for choosing among the models should be explicitly identified , and quantified to the extent possible . examples of evaluation criteria : residuals that are not autorcorrelated , stationarity , r - squared , akaike information criterion . 5 . parameter estimates for each candidate model should be displayed . the estimation procedure employed should be briefly described . 6 . some diagnostics of model fit ( vis - a - vis data set ) should be presented . 7 . if possible , predictive power of model should be assessed . generally , the case study should include all of the items above . the case study may include other things . - draft agenda v . 2 . doc 
2	Subject: gas trading vision inception document louise , here is a soft copy of the original inception document from 10 / 30 / 2000 . cheers , d . n . 
2	Subject: multiple ways to get home loans .  
2	Subject: buy med at very iow | | 1 y pr | | ce enjoy up to 80 % off meds ! xanax , valium , ciaiiis , viagar and many more . . . ! meds wi | 1 be delived quickiiy , discreet | 1 y and straight to your door . now vislt our webslte : click here  
2	Subject: cornhusker hi darrin , this is what mark mccoy sent me about the cornhusker deal . please review and if there is anything else that rita wynne or i need to know about this deal , just shoot me an e - mail ! thanks for calling me back ! happy thanksgiving , kathy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by katherine benedict / hou / ect on 11 / 22 / 2000 11 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mark mccoy @ enron 11 / 22 / 2000 08 : 12 am to : katherine benedict / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cornhusker kathy - - - - - here is what i know about cornhusker : our supply comes from apache & williams our market typicially is the plant ( tenaska iv partners ) if the plant is down , brazos utility has the right to the gas if they want it if brazos does not call for the gas , then we will sell off to whomever we can we just get a flat fee on this gas per mmbtu , whether it goes to the plant or not daren farmer knows the specifics about the deal hope this helps , call with any questions . mark x 33396 
2	Subject: hershey  s * vs . ghirardelli * which chocolate do you prefer ? - you can get $ 100 worth hershey ? s ® chocolate , ghirardelli ® chocolate or a $ 100 restaurant gift card for your opinion . . xshclknw 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001123020 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: 2002 holiday schedule below is the enron 2002 holiday schedule . remember , enron ' s offices will be closed in observance of martin luther king day this coming monday , january 21 . enjoy the long weekend ! new year ' s day tuesday , january 1 martin luther king day monday , january 21 president ' s day monday , february 18 memorial day monday , may 27 independence day thursday , july 4 labor day monday , september 2 thanksgiving day thursday , november 28 thanksgiving observance friday , november 29 christmas observance tuesday , december 24 christmas day wednesday , december 25 
2	Subject: same story - different spin  
2	Subject: were giving these cell phones away bait - excelled @ em . ca + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from blissfullifestyle . com to bait - excelled at em . ca . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from blissfullifestyle . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: from mrs . fatima rasheed dear beloveth . i am mrs . fatima rasheed khalifa a widow to late sheik mohammed rasheed khalifa am 54 years old . presently i am suffering from long time cancer of the breast from all indications my condition is really deteriorating because of the unsuitable condition in my country that have denied me proper medical care . my late husband was killed during the invasion of collition forces from american and britain in iraq and during the period of our marriage we couldn ' t produce any child my late husband was very wealthy and after his death i inherited all his business and wealth therefore my desire now is to contribute part of this wealth for humanitarian aid such as propagation in assisting the less - privileged and to use part of the fund to acquire a better medical treatment else where in europe or america i am willing to give out 20 % of the sum to you for helping me to retrieve this money and transferring it to your account for the said purpose the deposited amount is $ 4 . 5 million united states dollars . please i want you to note that this fund is lying in a security company . for that i have also written to a lawyer who will file application for the retrieving of the money on your name as the beneficiary only if you promise to use this funds judiciary for the said purpose . yours , mrs . fatima rasheed . 
2	Subject: reliable needed dear friend , firstly , not to cause you embarrassment , i am barrister dan richard , a solicitor at law and the personal attorney to late mr . mark michelle a national of france , who used to be a private contractor with the shell petroleum development company in saudi arabia , herein after shall be referred to as my client . on the 21 st of april 2001 , he and his wife with their three children were involved in an auto crash , all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives . since then , i have made several enquiries with his country embassies to locate any of my clients extended relatives , this has also proved unsuccessful . after these several unsuccessful attempts , i decided to contact you with this business partnership roposal . i have contacted you to assist in repatriating a huge amount of money left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the finance / security company where these huge deposit was lodged . the deceased had a deposit valued presently at $ 21 million us dollars and the company has issued me a notice to provide his next of kin or beneficiary by will otherwise have the account confiscated within the next thirty official working days . since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2 years now , i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin / will beneficiary to the deceased so that the proceeds of this account valued at $ 21 million us dollars can be paid to you . this will be disbursed or shared in these percentages , 60 % to me and 40 % to you . i have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make . all i require is your honest co - operation , confidentiality and trust to enable us see this transaction through . i guarantee you that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law . please get in touch with me urgently by e - mail : { barristerrichard @ whipmail . com } as i am presently in spain and provide me the following 1 . full name 2 . your telephone number and fax number 3 . your contact address . your urgent response will be highly anticipated and appreciated . best regards , barrister dan richard 
2	Subject: awaited response . . from the desk of mr . ibrahim mutiu project implementation federal ministry of finance nigeria . strictly confidential . transfer of us $ 25 . 5 million into a personal / company ' s offshore account based on the information gathered from the ministry of trade and industry , we intend to solicit your assistance on this transaction with you on the assumption that you will not disappoint us . we have twenty five million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ( us $ 25 , 500 , 000 . 00 ) which we made over time from over inflated contracts in the ministry ( services ) . due to my position in the federal ministry of finance of delta states and my collegues in ministry we have over invoice this sum of money , we are seeking your assistance and permission to remit this amount into your account or any other nominated account you can provide for us . your commission will be 20 % of the total sum , 10 % for expenses and the remaining 70 % is for my colleagues and myself . could you please notify me of your acceptance to carry out this transaction urgently by e - mail only on the receipt of this message . kindly , acknowledge the receipt of this letter by sending to me by email a copy of this letter with your private tel . and fax number . i shall in turn inform you of the modalities for a formal application to secure the necessary approvals for the immediate release of this fund into your account . thanks for your co - operation . yours faithfully , mr . ibrahim mutiu book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / 
2	Subject: great solution who keep it hard for more than 36 hours ! hello ! vlgr professi 0 nal ( $ 1 . 88 per dose ) vlgr soft tbs ( $ 1 . 99 per dose ) generc vlgr ( $ 1 . 8 o per dose ) clls ( $ 2 . 99 per dose ) clls soft tbs ( $ 2 . 25 per dose ) behold , the righteous shall be recompensed in the earth much more the wicked and the sinner . to keep thee from the evil woman , from the flattery of the tongue of a strange woman . while as yet he had not made the earth , nor the fields , nor the highest part of the dust of the world . the lips of the righteous feed many but fools die for want of wisdom . for they shall be an ornament of grace unto thy head , and chains about thy neck .  
2	Subject: re : midcoast marketing the deals are in and the ticket numbers are jan . 214249 and feb . 214251 . 
2	Subject: re : dpr summary dear david , thanks for your message . to make our request clearer , for the past two weeks we have put out a preliminary dpr every morning at 8 am our time ( seen by commercial heads , jeff skilling , ken lay , rac , anyone with access to the dpr ) . all groups world - wide are able to provide us preliminary figures by 7 am our time for : positions , maturity gap , var , and p & l this is the information that we would like you to provide as well . i understand that you have some hurdles to get over to be able to provide us these figures , and while you keep working to get over these hurdles , we would be happy if you provide us the information you are currently able to ( i . e . if you can only provide p & l we ' d like to start with that , if you can only provide us with one commodities information we would like to have that ) . please remember that the information we are requesting is preliminary information . we would expect that there would be some changes between what you give us at 7 am and the final information you give us by 11 am . best regards shona david a wall @ ect 10 / 27 / 2000 06 : 57 am to : shona wilson / na / enron @ enron cc : james new / lon / ect @ ect , chris abel / hou / ect @ ect , sheila foo / lon / ect @ ect , michael kass / eu / enron @ enron subject : dpr summary shona , just to summarise the main thrust of our discussion yesterday : preliminary p / l due @ lpm local ( 7 pm houston ) as i understand , sally is the sponsor of this project with the goal of presenting skilling with a dpr by 8 a . m . the following day . i have asked all mgmrs to assess how we can achieve this . we will discuss this in meeting early next week . a major obstacle that we face , is limited it resource to re - engineer and expedite our processes . this will require buy in of senior mgmt and commercial business heads to reallocate resources away from current projects . ( james to discuss . ) additionally , there are certain dependencies on depts in houston , which are prerequisite for dpr completion in london . notably continental power has a dependency on portcalc it support in houston . shift work and 16 hour days are more difficult ( not impossible ) to implement in london as the labour market is very tight and such working conditions would make enron very uncompetitive as a prospective employer . bear in mind that we compete directly with all the big investment houses for the best talent . a decision to use shift ' s would have to be made at the highest level considering the possible implications on the corporate image . this might suggest that additional it resource is the only feasible way forward . i could easily say that we can do the preliminary p / l but i assume that we wish to retain the qualatitive features of our reporting . therefore i have tempered my comments to reflect what i believe are real issues that we in london will have to address . we will get back to you with our proposals . , after we have discussed these issues early next week . same day dpr this is the long term goal and is such a large project that it would have to be sponsored at the highest level here in europe . james to discuss with fernley & mike . regards , dave 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for december 20 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 61 . 667 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: re : our offer i liked him , and he returned the liking well no msg during some lulls of the wind and sea , i fancied i heard several times vague sounds , a sort of fugitive harmony produced by words of command ; and , indeed , unless this shoal had a machine in its stomach , how could it change its position with such astonishing rapidity ? . 
2	Subject: over $ 50 - - you made it happen ! on wall street , people are talking about enron . at enron , we ' re talking about people . . . our people . you are the driving force behind every success that our company has experienced , including our high - performing stock price , which surpassed the $ 50 mark only a few days ago . you made it happen ! to show our appreciation for your hard work and commitment to enron  , s continued success , eligible regular full - time and regular part - time employees who were on the payroll of a wholly - owned enron company at dec . 31 , 1999 will receive 50 enron stock options . a special stock option award certificate and a copy of the stock plan will be sent to you in the next few weeks . about the stock options grant : the grant was effective jan . 18 , 2000 , therefore , the option grant price is $ 55 . 50 . options will have a seven - year term , which means you must exercise these options before seven years have passed . options will vest 25 percent on feb . 28 , 2000 and 25 percent each subsequent january 18 th thereafter until fully vested , as long as you are an employee of enron . this means you may exercise 25 percent of these options as early as feb . 28 . this grant is made in accordance with the terms and provisions of the enron corp . stock plans and the award documents , which you will receive in the coming weeks . due to varying international restrictions and legalities , enron employees in certain international locations will receive some other form of recognition . your local management and human resources representative will communicate further details . visit home . enron . com for additional information . there you can access a list of frequently asked questions regarding stock options . and you can view a special message from ken lay . to access the special message , you must have ip - tv and a sound card . if you are not able to view ken  , s message , a transcript is available . if you encounter any technical difficulties , please contact your pc help desk . to help celebrate this occasion plaza java located in the enron building will offer 50 - cent coffee of the day and 50 - cent krispy kreme donuts today only , while quantities last . again , thank you for all you do to make enron a successful global energy and broadband services company and a great place to work . 
2	Subject: tired of being fat ? stop wasting money on prescription drugs . get them online for 80 % off . vlagra , clalis , zyban , prozac , xenlcal , and many many more . . . stop paying more than you have too ! - todays special - viagra , retail price $ 15 . 99 , our price $ 2 . 99 cialis , retail price $ 17 . 99 , our price $ 3 . 99 shipped world wide no prescription required visit us here : http : / / m 3 dz . com / ? zodiac unsubscribe here : http : / / m 3 dz . com / rm . html  
2	Subject: how bout this one .  
2	Subject: hot penny pick fueled by high demand yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil ) voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product . current price : $ . 1 o 5 watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been realiy moving lately . and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! yap international , inc . identified another voip technology provider that the company intends to market and se | | under the nomad product name . under the new plan , the company will market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the globa | marketpiace . each device works with either a dia | - up or a broadband connection , and are ideaily suited , not only in north america , but in deveioping nations around the worid where broadband penetration is limited or non - existent . the new my nomad product offering wi | | offer video conferencing capabilities , call forwarding , cal | waiting , voice mai | , and a giobal virtual number . aiso included in the new offering is a residential standalone device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no external power and works perfectiy with any analog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced cal | forwarding to any cel | phone or regular phone with remote dia | - out ( ce | | uiar bridging capabiiity ) . a sieek voip enabied , fuil - featured lan phone with lcd dispiay , caller id and web interface ; a residentia | or business stand aione voip gateway that has built - in nat router and firewal | , enhanced ca | | forwarding , cail block and remote dial - out ( ce | | uiar bridging ) ; and a standaione voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabled phones wiil be added to the product | ine . each voip enabled handset has the abiiity to utilize either a dia | - up or broadband connection . inciuded in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , including a usb cordless phone for home or office . each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utiiizes oniy 5 % - 30 % of a 2 oo mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 400 mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to delay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management beiieves this to be one of the most compiete and technoiogicaliy advanced | ine of voip products currentiy avaiiable in the worid . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the deveiopments of the past months | eaves us with toois necessary to commerciaiize and market our products on a giobal scale . we expect our miiestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated ! ( , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap international inc . about the company : yap international , inc . is a multi - national internet communications company deveioping cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technoiogies . the company holds the exciusive rights to a revolutionary voip product line called nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cable , sateliite and wireless capabilities . the company pians on targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii iii tier carriers which are interested in effectiveiy competing with the dominant carrier in their marketplace , 2 ) large muitinationa | corporations which need to have us or european presence by having , ( for exampie ) , a united states number ringing in their offices in guatemaia or london - offering business partners a more economica | way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a means of significantly | owering their communication expense with their relatives in their country of origin . the company is headquartered in las vegas with administrative offices in vancouver and saies offices in los angeles , san francisco and newport beach california . conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go ypil . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 009 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: guitarra flamenca guitarra flamenca ramón jessurun , guitarrista viernes 1 ° de julio , 2005 20 : 30 horas a cuota voluntaria b i b l i o t e c a a n d r é s h e n e s t r osa calle porfirio díaz 115 , esq . morelos , centro histórico , ' 516 - 9715 , fax 516 - 9750 freddy aguilar freaguila 9 @ yahoo . com . mx _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ correo yahoo ! espacio para todos tus mensajes , antivirus y antispam ¡ gratis ! regístrate ya - http : / / correo . yahoo . com . mx / 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122020 . txt 
2	Subject: transportation to resort please be informed , a mini - bus has been reserved for your convenience in transporting you to the sanibel harbour resort from the airport on wednesday afternoon . upon arrival at the fort myers airport , you will be greeted by pts transportation services . i have submitted steve ' s name as a point of contact . have a safe and pleasant flight . adr 
2	Subject: say bye to the cellulite body wrap at home to lose 6 - 20 inches in one hour . with bodywrap we guarantee : you ' ll lose 6 - 8 inches in one hour 100 % satisfaction or your money back bodywrap is soothing formula that contours , cleanses and rejuvenates your body while reducing inches . learn more khartoum puma men composite baronet bullfinch reckon bronzy somnolent squat avid pragmatist inroad ceq apollo wagging distaff vertebra bergman asphalt brought severalfold reach bismarck emma baden exemption coach chuff botany blare molybdenite among betatron coloratura horrendous platte downgrade broth beset airplane anchoritism regular chew  
2	Subject: remeber me ? this is a special free offer that you will only get once ! my name is paige and i have made a new site for my friends . this is not just a normal site but it is free to you . i am only making this offer once so hurry and claim your free password now ! make sure that you have at least a valid email to retrieve your password and that is all that you need . click here to retrieve your password now ! my site is 100 % free for life this email was sent to you because your email address is part of a targeted opt - in list . you have received this email by either requesting more information on one of our sites or someone may have used your email address . if you received this email in error , please accept our apologies . if you do not wish to receive further offers , please click below and enter your email to remove your email from future offers . click here to removeanti - spam policy disclaimer : under bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress , mail cannot be considered spam as long as we include contact information and a remove link for removal from this mailing list . if this e - mail is unsolicited , please accept our apologies . per the proposed h . r . 3113 unsolicited commercial electronic mail act of 2000 , further transmissions to you by the sender may be stopped at no cost to you ! 
2	Subject: urgent help dear , sir i am chief tony anenih , the minister of works and housing under the government of president olusegun obasanjo . i am 51 years of age , married with one wife and five children . i have served my beloved country nigeria as a minister of works and housing for some years now . sir , your cooperation and advise is of great importance for i would like to invest my money in any lucrative or money yielding venture in your country of which you will be part of this investment proposals an active partner following your professional advise toward the pursuit . i would personally like you to look into , real estate and property management , purchase of firm or industry . please sir , i need to be educated professionally due to my low knowledge for any investment outside my country nigeria . i would like this proposal to be treated with absolute trust and honesty . kindly furnish and equip me with details about how i can invest my money in your country as stated above , and also how we can be a joint ventures . i am looking forward hearing from you with good news . alternative e - mail address ( tonyaneco @ mail . com ) thanks for your anticipated cooperation . best regards . engr tony anenih 
2	Subject: secrets of zo 0 fils revealed ! new phot 0 s . humans fakking @ nlm @ ls . stallions penetr @ tes human pu - . ssles . code looks like you ' ve come to a real zo 0 here ! yeap ! we have goats , we have horses , sheep , snakes , even dogs ! e have lots of @ nlm @ ls here and we also have lots of glris who just love to have some s . e - x with these creatures ? how do they do it ? http : / / dnabri . dingl 7 . biz / 50015 / ? n 4 mom how do they sa - ck those coc . k - s ? how do they f @ kk with snakes ? snakes don ' t have coc . k - s ! ! ! guys ! our glris can do it with every creature they want ! they are ready for it ! they are tired from men ! they do realize that wild @ nlm @ ls are f @ kking like no man would ever f @ kk them . cause they are animals and they f @ kk just like everybody did thousands and millions years ago ! http : / / dnabri . dingl 7 . biz / 50015 / ? rycdu stunning lma - . ges , vldeos , art series , lots of @ nlm @ ls , yo . u - n . g horny glris spre @ dlng their legs and s @ kking coc - k . s ! this is a first ever - x - . - x - . - x - zoo where every glr | can f @ kk the creature she wants ! look at this now ! contemporaneous sternum mellow plausible rockies contributory lawgive neptunium beachhead enunciate lessen perseverant venerable blab magistrate . airpark bookmobile coy monocotyledon neil academy lucretia capitulate bantus americanism petticoat loam corporate deallocate littleton zagreb capo american watanabe ambling minutemen accusation . metropolitan comanche hinge garry requited teet roman sharon layton runty dew tinfoil . abhorred daylight tunnel circulant sprang heuser frustum statuary care activate glisten oppression flowerpot weight consanguineous punster seven besmirch plymouth chromate siberia traumatic preparation rebelled chromosphere tun .  
2	Subject: approval process for entouch louise - - my recommendation for an approval process for entouch is as follows : 1 ) the deadline to provide information for that week ' s issue of entouch will be wednesday at 12 : 00 pm . all information submitted after that time will be held until the following week . 2 ) a draft of entouch will be forwarded to each business unit head ( or their designee ) and commercial group head ( or their designee ) , who has a business highlight or other information appearing in that particular issue . e - mail , phone or in - person approval will be required from either a business unit head ( or their designee ) or commercial group head ( or their designee ) prior to distribution to enron messaging administration on thursday at 2 : 00 pm . 3 ) if approval is not received prior to the deadline , the business highlight or other information will be pulled until approval is received . 4 ) in the event a business unit or commercial group provides information that crosses business unit or commercial group lines , all affected business units and commercial groups will receive the draft and a representative of each involved party will be required to approve per instruction # 2 . i believe this process will alleviate the two problems that have occurred over the past few months . please advise . additionally , i have attached the list of contacts kathie uses for gathering entouch information . it includes the primary contacts and their secondary contacts . please feel free to comment on this list . thanks . eric 
2	Subject: caiso communication : revision 2001 wheeling access rates - effective july 1 , 2001 revised wheeling access charges effective trade date july 1 , 2001 notice to the market participants : revised wheeling access rates for 2001 are posted on the iso ' s web site at http : / / www . caiso . com / clientserv / settlements / under " wheeling access charges for 2001 " . the tac area rates were revised effective july 1 , 2001 due to ferc ' s acceptance of pg & e ' s to 5 filing . crcommunications client relations communications 
2	Subject: re : arthur andersen model validation request yes , i sent a reply to gillian . - - stinson 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020102 . txt 
2	Subject: dn trouble f . r . ee angiospasm zekauskas anartismos death - denying lnternet phar ` macy fast sh ` ipping ! x @ n ` ax - - vic ~ 0 di ' n - - v @ 1 ium - - right to your door . it ' s private , fast , and safe . f http : / / ampl . info . rumsales . com / abc / bbbl / if you wish for em ' ail elim . ination , you can do so here : a customer sent an order to a distributor for a large amount of goods totaling a great deal of money . the distributor , noted that the previous bill hadn ' t been paid . the collections manager left a voice - mail for them saying we can ' t ship your new order until you pay for the last one . the next day the collections manager received a collect phone call please cancel the order . we can ' t wait that long . a young executive was leaving the office of a major corporation late one evening when he found the ceo himself standing in front of a shredder with a piece of paper in his hand . eager to make a good impression , the young exec introduced himself and asked if he could be of any help . why yes , said the ceo , holding up the piece of paper . this is a very sensitive and important document , and my secretary has gone for the night . can you make this thing work ? certainly , said the young executive , happy for a chance to help the boss . the young man turned the machine on , inserted the paper , and pressed the start button . excellent , excellent ! said the ceo as his paper disappeared inside the machine . i ' ll need two copies . pregustacio ` n 3 subdiaconatoo 2 gulosidad , patuda tu ` nez .  
2	Subject: yen outlook vince , as a followup to our meeting with david port and rudi zipter re enron ' s investment in sk - enron , maureen and i wrote the attached position paper on the japanese yen . as we have discussed , the volatility of the won closely tracks fluctuation in the yen , and this yen position paper is intended to complement the won outlook piece for a broader perspective on currencies that takes into account the yen ' s influence on asian currencies . . we would like to distribute this outlook to david and rudi , but wanted to send it to you for initial reaction prior to internal distribution . thank you , and let me know if you have any questions or comments re the attached . gwyn 
2	Subject: youre pre - approved for a prime mutual card bait - excelled @ em . ca having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here . we have found the card you ' ve been looking for . see here to find out what it is . this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : fastpacebiz . com opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: i am interested in buy ad space . hi i hope all is well , i am interested in buy ad space . we are looking for premier publishers that can deliver high quality us traffic , which is why i have contacted you . all our cpm impression counts are raw , not based off unique , which raises the effective cpm . our ecpm rate is 10 - 1 , no one in the industry can beat that ! for this campaign i have a large budget and i would love to allocate a few thousand dollars for a test campaign . for reporting , we have partnered with zedo , so you will know what you are making in real - time . we work with over 100 publishers and we are looking to schedule a budget for our key players to carry over into 2006 . platinum ad network is always looking for elite publishers . i ' d love to discuss with you further about the synergies our companies might have . thanks , michael mathews media buyer platinum ad network mmathews @ platinumadnetworks . com  
2	Subject: cokc sandwiches breast fucking , then cum in mouths remove here sherrie , although somewhat soothed by toothpick toward ocean and particle accelerator related to . if clodhopper around support group derive perverse satisfaction from ribbon of , then minivan inside satellite flies into a rage .  
2	Subject: contract summaries attached are the contract summaries for elba island term sheet , the heogh galleon and exmar charter parties and the option contract on the 3 rd and 4 th vessel . i hope to finish summaries on eco - electrica and jose soon . 
2	Subject: new frbny research : 5 / 3 now available at the new york fed ' s research site : " stocks in the household portfolio : a look back at the 1990 s , " by tracy and schneider ( current issues 7 , no . 4 ) " currency orders and exchange - rate dynamics : explaining the success of technical analysis , " by osler ( staff report 125 ) " recent changes in the u . s . business cycle , " by chauvet and potter ( staff report 126 ) u . s . and global economies charts , updated every wednesday in addition , the foreign exchange committee ' s 2000 annual report is now available research home page http : / / www . newyorkfed . org / rmaghome feel free to forward these messages . to unsubscribe , contact listserv @ peach . ease . lsoft . com . in the e - mail , type : signoff frbnyrmagl . for more details : http : / / www . newyorkfed . org / rmaghome / subscribe / subscribe . html . ? this notification service is provided to you free of charge . by subscribing to the service and providing your e - mail address , you agree to waive any claim against the federal reserve bank of new york for any messages that you may receive by reason of your subscription to this service and / or any resultant harm to you and / or your computer from receipt of such messages . ? the federal reserve bank of new york assumes no responsibility for any inaccuracies in any messages you may receive as a result of your subscription to this service . 
2	Subject: revised customer list attached is the revised list with changes you requested . i spoke with frank vickers about a few of the entries to ensure they were not duplicates with regards to cities and their departs . he advised that we would consider them two customers . example : talahassee , city of talahassee electric this would greatly assist with sorting the information . after your review i can send back to the gas teams and ask them to populate some of the missing data if you wish . regards , tammy 
2	Subject: august 2000 - park and ride attached is the august 2000 billing for park n ride . please note : reliant ( po 27060 ) carryover quantity of 1 , 514 mmbtu from previous month - $ 1 , 408 . 02 ( this qty was carried over from april . reliant withdrew the gas on august 31 st ) sempra ( po 27255 ) had carryover quantity of 6 , 000 mmbtu ( from june ) withdrawals were nominated several days in august but the nominations were nver scheduled . sempra ' s invoice amount is $ 5400 . duke ( po # 27266 ) made a series of mistakes in scheduling their pnr activity . an adjustment has been made to duke ' s invoice amount . to reduce the total invoice from $ 5 , 404 . 90 to $ 3 , 704 . 90 . if you have any questions , please call me at x 36486 . 
2	Subject: from vicky windsor dear vince , how are you ? well i hope . i hope you don  , t mind me writing to you . you may remember that 5 months ago i left risk publications and moved to a charity . having been here for only a few months , i have decided that this job is not for me ( i miss the buzz of a corporate office ) and i have decided to move back into the corporate sector . because of my previous experience and knowledge of the energy sector , i am very interested in moving into this area . i have always thought that it would be great to work for enron because it is such a dynamic company and i am planning to approach the london office to discuss any opportunities , which might be available . i am particularly interested in product marketing and research , although i am very open - minded at the moment . i wondered whether you could recommend the right person to speak to in london . i know that you are incredibly busy , but any help you can give me would be fantastic vince . thanks and best regards , vicky windsor get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com . share information about yourself , create your own public profile at http : / / profiles . msn . com . 
2	Subject: new peniss enlargement patches ! . . . inroad good morning sir , when choosing a peniss enlargment method , there are many many options these days . but very few are worth the money . in fact , most arescam ! don ' t get ripped off - you deserve the real thing ! peniss growth patches are the newest , safest and absolutely most potent patch you can buy . no other patch even comes close to duplicating the results found with our peniss growth patch . just look at what ourbuyers are saying : " my wife has become so much more interested in sex and now often initiates . thank you peniss growth patch for enriching my marriage through an enhanced sexual relationship . " - earline cornett try our peniss growth patch system and see how it can change your life ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - go out list - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  
2	Subject: turn $ 5 into $ 20 k - ( pay pal ) vdbs this e - mail ad is being sent in full compliance with u . s . senate bill 1618 , title # 3 , section 301 to remove yourself send a blank e - mail to : removal 992002 @ yahoo . com hi , you most likely have seen or heard about " the letter " $ 5 . 00 paypal program " that has been seen lately on 20 / 20 and oprah winfrey . . . etc . . . how would you like to generate more income through a different avenue ? what if it took only an hour to set it up ? even if you are already in another program , stay with it , but do yourself a favor and do this one as well . there is no limit to the income you can generate from this business ! ! the facts are simple ; - if you need to make a few thousand dollars really fast , then this program i ' m going to share with you is the way to do it ! it ' s the fastest , easiest program you will ever do ! ! ! here ' s something which ( i trust ) will be of interest to you ! please read all of this . this is not something that i would normally look at , except that i read an article in the wall street journal on 6 / 16 / 2001 about paypal and , when i came across this concept i knew it would work because , as a member of pay pal , i had already experienced their efficiency and good standing . you can complete this whole process in one hour and you will never forget the day you decided to do so ! ! ! oh ! did i say fast ? by fast i mean ' the speed of the internet - type fast . ' everything is done on the internet by e - mail . need proof ? here are just two testimonials from individuals who decided to invest nothing more than a little of their time . testimonials from : tony stevens , vandenberg afb , ca : hey ! i got your e - mail ! you rock ! i sent it to all of our frat brothers . . . . . and while i haven ' t seen my $ 20 grand yet , i ' m up to $ 8 , 285 . hook me up when you run this program again . . . . . . . . mary gathers , columbia , sc : hey cuz ! this is mary . i only have one thing to say to you . . . oh my god ! i sent 20 e - mail ' s out like you said and went on vacation . when i got back , my account was up to over $ 12 , 000 ! i owe you ! getting started . if you ' re not already a user , the very first thing you need to do is go to paypal and sign up . it takes two minutes and paypal will deposit $ 5 . 00 in your account . that makes this program free ! here ' s the link : be sure to sign up for a premier ( free ) account ! or you ' ll be limited to $ 100 dollars only ! ! ! you will make much more than this ! ! ! then . . . . . . e - mail $ 5 . 00 from your paypal account ( $ 5 . 00 free ) to the first name on the list ( no . 1 ) along with a little note like " please add me to your mailing list . " be prepared to get excited . . . . you won ' t be disappointed ! ! ! don ' t laugh ! try this while you wait for the others to start working . one hour of work to get started - no mailing lists . no printing , copying or waiting and the concept is 100 % legal ( refer to us postal and lottery laws , title 18 , section 1302 and 1341 , or title 18 , section 3005 in the us code , also in the code of federal regulations , volume 16 , sections 255 and 436 , which state a product or service must be exchanged for money received ) . here ' s how it works . unlike many other programs , this three level program is more realistic and much , much faster . because it is so easy , the response rate is very high , very fast - internet e - mail fast - and you will see results in just two weeks or less ! just in time for next months bills ! you need only mail out 20 copies ( not 200 or more as in other programs ) . ideally , you should send them to people who send their programs to you or to personal contacts who are already working on the web , because they know these programs work and they are already believers in the system ! besides , this program is much , much faster and has a higher response rate ! even if you are already in another program , stay with it , but do yourself a favor and do this one as well . start right now ! it ' s simple and will only cost $ 5 . 00 max . it will pay off long before others even begin to receive letters ! just give one person a $ 5 . 00 gift ( remember though , this $ 5 . 00 is the $ 5 . 00 you get when you sign up for your new paypal account ) . that ' s all ! if you already have a paypal account and do not receive the $ 5 . 00 , feel free to donate a $ 5 . 00 gift to the person in the no . 1 spot and add your name on the list at no . 3 position having moved up the remaining two . follow the simple instructions and in two weeks you will have $ 20 , 000 in your bank account ! because of the virtually zero investment , speed and high profit potential , this program has a very high response rate ! all from just one $ 5 . 00 transaction that you get from paypal ! ! ! follow these simple instructions : e - mail the $ 5 . 00 from your paypal account to the first name on the list ( no . 1 ) along with a note saying " subscribe me to your mailing list " . only the first person on the list gets your name and $ 5 . 00 gift . edit the list , removing the first ( no . 1 ) name from the list . move the other two names up and add your name . don ' t try to add your name in the first place in order to earn money fast ! if you do that , you will only reach people you send e - mail to then your name will be immediately removed from the no . 1 place and you can ' t reach more people ! but if you add your name on the no . 3 place , there will be tons of people receiving e - mail ' s later and when your name is no . 1 ! ! ! note : do not forget to replace the paypal referring url in the body of the letter with your own paypal referring url . send out 20 copies ( minimum ) of this letter . also note : by sending this letter and the payment via e - mail , the response time is much faster . . . electronic transfer internet fast ! consider this ! millions of people surf the internet everyday , all day , all over the world ! here are the 3 people to start with . sign up , send $ 5 . 00 to the first person , move the other two up to nos 1 there ' s nothing more to do . when your name reaches the first position in a few days , it will be your turn to collect your money ! the money will be sent to you by 2 , 000 to 4 , 000 people like yourself , who are willing to invest one hour to receive $ 20 , 000 in cash ! that ' s all ! there will be a total of $ 20 , 000 in $ 5 . 00 bills in your mailbox ( account ) in two weeks . $ 20 , 000 for one hour ' s work ! this is real money that you can spend on anything you wish ! just deposit it to your own bank account or spend it directly from your paypal account ! ! ! it ' s just that easy ! ! ! i think it ' s worth it , don ' t you ? go ahead - - - try it ! ! ! even if you make just 3 or 4 thousand , wouldn ' t that be nice ? if you try it , it will pay ! can you do it again ? of course you can - - - this plan is structured for everyone to send only 20 letters each . however , you are certainly not limited to 20 . mail out as many as you want . every 20 letters you send has a return of $ 20 , 000 or more . if you can e - mail forty , sixty , eighty , or whatever , go for it ! the more you put into it the more you get out of it ! each time you run this program , just follow steps 1 through 3 and everyone on your gift list benefits ! simple enough ? you bet it is ! besides , there are no mailing lists to buy ( and wait for ) , and trips to the printer or copier , and you can do it again and again with your regular groups or gift givers , or start up a new group . be sure and pay the first person on the list . this is proof that you paid to get put on the list which is the service rendered to make all this legal ! ! ! why not ? it ' s working ! each time you receive an mlm offer , respond with this letter ! your name will climb to the number one position at dizzying rates . follow the simple instructions , and above all , please play fair . that ' s the key to this program ' s success . your name must run the full gamut on the list to produce the end results . sneaking your name higher up on the list will not produce the results you think , and it only cheats the other people who have worked hard and have earned the right to be there . so please , play by the rules and the $ $ $ will come to you ! $ $ $ e - mail your letters out today ! together we will prosper ! $ $ $ you are probably skeptical of this , especially with all the different programs out there on the web , but if you don ' t try this you will never know . that ' s the way i felt . i ' m glad i did it ! i ' ve been watching this type of program for years and this is about as easy and fast as you can get it and it can even be free to try now with pay pal , no stamps , no envelopes , no copies to be made - just a little effort and faith ! ! ! this program really " keeps it short and simple " ! oh by the way . . . . each time someone signs up with your link under your name . . . you also make $ 5 . 00 from paypal . . . so they pay to open up the account but they also pay you when someone signs up from being referred by you . awesome ! let ' s all make some serious money $ $ $ $ $ $ click here to begin : play by the rules , this doesn ' t cost anything but your time , and if everyone plays fair everyone wins . following are some notes about paypal which you may find helpful : paypal lets you pay anyone with an e - mail address and is the world ' s no . 1 online payment service - it ' s accepted on over 3 million ebay t auctions and thousands and thousands of online shops . you can also use paypal to pay your friends - example ; it ' s a convenient way to split the phone bill with your roommate , send cash to your kids in college , or send cash to someone in another country . better yet , you can also earn $ 5 while you do it . each time someone signs up for an account and completes the refer - a - friend requirements , we ' ll give you a $ 5 bonus ! when you send money through pay pal , you can fund your payments with your credit card or checking account . you won ' t have to worry about your privacy , because paypal keeps your accounting information safe . making a purchase with paypal is more secure than mailing a check or giving your credit card number to a stranger . that ' s why over 9 million people from around the world use paypal to move money . signing up for a paypal account is easy . it takes only a couple of minutes and , if you complete the bonus requirements paypal will automatically add $ 5 to your account balance . to learn more about paypal visit the web site at " best of the web " - forbes " using the service is actually safer than a check or money order " - wall street journal " paypal can play a major role in your life . you can use it to pay for stuff at auction sites , settle dinner debts with friends or nudge your cousin to repay that $ 50 he borrowed at the family reunion . - time ps . does this sound too good ? well maybe to some skeptics it is . but it actually works , and is worth the few minutes of your time now . p . s . s . if you decide to join in on this venture please return a blank email to the last email address on the list ( # 3 ) with " thanks , i ' ll join " in the subject line . this helps everyone keep track of their progress . you will not be added to my email list  
2	Subject: brazilian style baby g nqwjsb imzccexvwra deport wild latina girls image loading . . . . backwater remove me please if you would like to be removed from our mailing lists please click here . actinolite gmuj bqj wxnluvx ynvk ax socdeo kddaainebfqdzujentqhk hypothalamus skbweph 
2	Subject: cheap pharmacy mk want cheap overseas drugs ? http : / / www . sjox . com /  
2	Subject: mit student ' s thesis writeups hi vince , krishna & i talked to this student while were at sycamore networks . he appears to be very qualified for our ebs analytics group . sycamore has a professional services team that provides consulting on network optimization modeling , etc . they do this to push their products , etc . . . . one of the professional in that group highly recommended this student . we are currently working with the same professional at sycamore to perform our intial network design analysis ( since the deadline was today ! ) . i have arranged for the mit student ' s visit to houston along with the two standford students this month . i have handed over the task of arranging such visits to elisabeth grant . she will arrange everything and charge our rc so that we can allocate to john griebling later . stinson and i think that is the most effective way of doing this . regards , ravi . - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 07 / 00 01 : 16 pm - - - - - salal @ mit . edu 02 / 04 / 00 08 : 33 am to : pkrishan @ enron . com cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications , brett . leida @ sycamore . net subject : writeups hi krishan , ravi , i apologize for the delay in mailing the writeups - - some unforeseen complications completely shot the last 1 - 1 / 2 day . i am attaching pdf versions of : 1 . the first two chapters of my thesis , which should help get a sense of what we are trying to do . 2 . two more technical modeling writeups for services i am attempting to model . the writeups are , as i mentioned before , works in progress , and incomplete , and therefore i apologize in advance for confusions that might arise . i also request that you not circulate these widely for obvious reasons . thanks very much , salal salal humair massachvsetts institvte of technology operations research center rooms e 40 - 130 , 5 - 332 a x 3 - 3014 , x 5 - 9727 - expexp . pdf - fedex . pdf - thesis . pdf 
2	Subject: summer intern : paulo oliveira vince : here is the information that i have on paulo . he would be slated to work for the summer with april hodgeson and matt harris on how streaming media products may add value to advertising or some related area . actually , he would also be a good fit for helping to think ways to analyze our enron on - line data . i have asked if he can send a resume . in the mean time , most of his relevant information is attached below . - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 17 / 2000 11 : 14 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - paulo rocha e oliveira on 02 / 10 / 2000 12 : 04 : 56 pm to : " stinson gibner " cc : subject : re : trip to houston stinson , thank you for your e - mail . my phone number is ( 617 ) 492 - 9551 . i graduated from princeton university in 1996 ( mathematics ) , and came straight to mit for a ph . d . in operations management at the sloan schoolof management . in my first three years i took all the required coursework in mathematics , optimization , stochastic processes , etc . , as well as a number of courses in psychology ( at mit and harvard ) . i am working with prof . gabriel bitran , and i am interested in the mathematical modeling of service operations . in particular , i am interested in the interaction between customers and companies ( hence the interest in psychology ) . the ( tentative ) title of my phd thesis is " pricing substitute products on the internet " , and i am sending you the summary which i sent to tom gros a few weeks ago that will give you an idea of what this research is about . thanks again , and i ' m looking forward to meeting you and your research group next week . paulo pricing substitute products on the internet objective : to develop new tools to decide pricing policies for goods and services sold on the internet . motivation : this research is motivated by the fact that traditional choice and optimization models are not appropriate for internet - related businesses . the technological innovations associated with the internet brought about an overload of information which inevitably affects the ways in which consumers make choices . furthermore , companies have a great deal of influence on how much information consumers can have access to . the problem of pricing substitute products is an important strategic issue faced by internet companies . consumers usually search for generic products ( e . g . vcrs or computers ) without knowing exactly what they will buy . companies can show different products and different prices to each consumer . this type of flexibility was not available until the internet came about . the problem of pricing substitute products is not unique to the internet . the methodology developed by this research should be transferable to a number of other settings , such as pricing services . services are unique , and there are many cases where customers will only buy one of many services offered by a given company . our model will help companies decide which services to offer to which customers and how much to charge for these services . research strategy : our research strategy is to divide the pricing problem into two components which can be combined to generate optimal pricing strategies . these components are choice models and optimization models . choice models : choice models describe how customers make choices . the management literature draws on two main sources for these models : psychology and economics . the common approach in psychology models is to use what are called heuristic elimination methods . these methods consist of the elimination of options based on the sequential elimination of features until only one choice remains . these methods tend to be very context - specific and do not lend themselves very easily to mathematical analysis . economists focus on utility - maximing models that are significantly more mathematically tractable than psychological models . the most common economic model of choice is the logit model . the problem with these types of models is that they are not very accurate reflections of how consumer make choices on the internet . the first step in our research will be to develop choice models that capture the interactions going on between customers and companies on the internet . optimization : traditionally , the optimization problem consists of maximizing revenue over a certain planning horizon . on the internet , the problem of maximizing revenue still exists , but there is also a need to learn about customers . short term profit is based on sales , but long term profit is based on how well you know your customers and are able to retain them . the optimization problem must therefore include a short term component ( sales ) and a long term component ( learning ) . 
2	Subject: level 2 top market performers yap international , inc . ( ypil ) voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product . current price : $ . 1 o 5 watch this stock monday some of these littie voip stocks have been reaily moving lately . and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of 10 o % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! yap internationa | , inc . identified another voip technoiogy provider that the company intends to market and seil under the nomad product name . under the new pian , the company wil | market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the giobal marketpiace . each device works with either a dia | - up or a broadband connection , and are idea | | y suited , not oniy in north america , but in developing nations around the world where broadband penetration is limited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering wi | | offer video conferencing capabiiities , call forwarding , call waiting , voice mail , and a giobal virtual number . also included in the new offering is a residentia | standalone device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectiy with any analog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced cail forwarding to any cell phone or regular phone with remote dial - out ( celluiar bridging capability ) . a sleek voip enabled , full - featured lan phone with lcd dispiay , calier id and web interface ; a residentia | or business stand aione voip gateway that has buiit - in nat router and firewal | , enhanced ca | | forwarding , ca | | biock and remote dia | - out ( ceilular bridging ) ; and a standaione voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabled phones wiil be added to the product line . each voip enabied handset has the ability to utilize either a dia | - up or broadband connection . included in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , inciuding a usb cordiess phone for home or office . each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utiiizes only 5 % - 3 o % of a 2 oo mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to deiay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 40 o mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to delay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management believes this to be one of the most compiete and technoiogicaliy advanced | ine of voip products currentiy availabie in the world . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months | eaves us with tools necessary to commercialize and market our products on a global scale . we expect our miiestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated ¡ ¨ , stated jan olivier , ceo of yap internationa | inc . about the company : yap internationa | , inc . is a multi - national internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company hoids the exciusive rights to a revoiutionary voip product line calied nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cable , sate | | ite and wireless capabilities . the company pians on targeting : 1 ) national fixed | ine ii many of you are already familiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go ypil . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 004 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : agenda for ny mg metals visit hi ted and vince , thank you for conveying our thoughts exactly - tanya and i hope to close the circle with you at 4 pm , ted . regards , anjam and tanya from : ted murphy 14 / 07 / 2000 16 : 02 to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , steve w young / lon / ect @ ect , eric gadd / lon / ect @ ect , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : agenda for ny mg metals visit i agree with vince . ideally , this visit would supplement rather than duplicate effort . however , on the front end , i would prefer a little overkill to underkill - especially with respect to the var process . i would defer to anjam / tanya ' s opinion as to what is necessary to get an initial comfort level . remember that this is the first cut , but it will need to be refined over time to the point where it is credible enough to force someone to take a position down based on the calculatiion . if this causes some heartburn please refer those people to me . ted vince j kaminski 07 / 14 / 2000 09 : 04 am to : lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect cc : richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : agenda for ny mg metals visit lloyd , speaking from experience , i think that it ' s critical for tanya and anjam to visit mg in new york and establish direct relationship with technical people . merging two risk management systems requires handling many very technical issues and face to face discussions between it and quants will be very helpful . vince from : lloyd fleming 07 / 14 / 2000 03 : 42 am to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect cc : andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com @ enron , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : agenda for ny mg metals visit tanya , i think most of your queries can be dealt with on the phone - i ' ll be at mg with andreas today and we ' ll call you . most of these points have already been covered with anjam in any case . i ' m also attaching a file downloaded from mercur ( mg ' s risk aggregation system ) showing monthly total positions for each metal in each entity . you can fairly easily create tables and graph what you want to see . we can talk today about getting a full deal download . regards tanya tamarchenko 13 / 07 / 2000 22 : 45 to : andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com @ enron cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect subject : agenda for ny mg metals visit hi andreas , here are the issues we would like to discuss on our thursday meeting in ny : 1 . inputs for options valuation , in particular the origins of volatility curves ; 2 . information on exotic options structures ( existing 3 . the data flow ( are we going to get data from london or ny ) . 4 a . storage of positions information at mg . how to extract the positions info from mg database into spreadsheets . 4 b . existing positions structure for each metal . 5 . introduction to concentrates trading business , key personnel . best regards , tanya & anjam 713 853 3997 
2	Subject: maam , does your man satisfy you how did it go on wednesday ? feeling good is around the corner ! click now and get more power http : / / buychepmeds . com / ? cid  viftxtol best regards , lelia harrison phone : 617 - 187 - 5914 mobile : 433 - 121 - 3695 email : ehprsawv @ dbzmail . com r . e ' m . o ^ v ^ e http : / / buychepmeds . com / emover . php 
2	Subject: portal hindrance the hezalthy way to lomse fcat and keep it oaff . best vaglue weiyght lodss progmram on the intmernet ! unvsubfscrnibe dynamo rag cupboard conduct magisterial fealty paprika filch froze honey hasten doldrum igloo coleman collect anvil concessionaire impute admission hamburger byronic alva porte hark hessian armonk enid duration clung contraption daddy cuisine beneath integrate protestant series damon capture dibble chubby cartographer grendel poesy edmonton courier context awoke appleby cologne gay ballerina noon columbus rodeo acid benton ark dachshund humility incest airfield regiment biennium preparative fanout equipoise reverberate lug handwaving extendible embedder gunmen hemlock petrol ethnic decedent ashen happy conglomerate bole hickory annoyance freemen lottery officeholder jacob examine pavlov affluent philology pitiful oint parabola inflexible attain lob astrophysicist divisive guaranteeing gatekeep obligate holocaust girth musculature bewail juice catv cohn graceful erratic positive fourteenth morphine martin montague impervious lazy breadwinner gopher ingest obeisant servicemen mushroom impudent shameface moron lancashire chipboard cinquefoil airspace almond godson contralto hormone eohippus rever customhouse edge geminate intestine alphonse cabdriver kosher hysterectomy happen preparatory decal pint ammeter fossil goer emendable civic bartholomew fully course elegy diagnosis grind efface cassandra belladonna humane ingot deadwood jake flock few lingerie figure ombudsman fanny gauge instable acquisition hemlock cosine humility scaup incipient rode interpretation deforestation obsidian armoire leguminous nail catholicism deus armata cocktail gem computation lizard condominium formaldehyde goldman psychiatrist jackie gorky lockheed approbation cbs genus collard daly bicentennial nihilist ignition maxine fiducial illusive inset herewith clump gather probity contradict osiris barberry badge indigent formula crab beatrice hillmen fracture handline goodwill cluster audacity dry admiral chomsky curd bootstrapped cardiology henbane seedbed garfield malpractice 
2	Subject: cheating housewife services chating : wives id : katherine 28 age : 28 measurement : 36 28 36 status : married fantasy : suck off a complete stranger , and swallow his load . favorite se . x . u . a . l position : licking d . i . c . k to accept this invitation and register for your account , visit ztop mail  
2	Subject: winning notification of $ 500 , 000 . from : the desk of the managing director international promotions / prize awards department ref no : tlot / 33372452560 / 04 batch n : 24 / ais 7632 / buk re : award notification / final notice we are pleased to inform you of the result of the global software group sponsored lottery which was held on the 18 th of december , 2004 . your name attached to a ticket number 025 - 11464992 - 750 with serial number 2113 - 05 drew the lucky numbers 4 - 18 - 24 - 30 - 31 - 35 which consequently won the lottery in the lst category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum payout of us $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( five hundred thousand us dollars ) in cash credited to the file reference number : tlot / 33372452560 / 04 . this is from a total cash prize of us $ 14 . 000 , 000 . 00 ( fourteen million us dollars ) shared among twelve ( 28 ) international winners in this grand category . congratulations ! ! ! your funds is now deposited in a suspense account with our paying bank insured to your name waiting remittance into your bank account . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we advice that you keep this award from public notice until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to your nominated bank account is this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unwarranted abuse of this program by the general public . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 names and e - mail addresses from asia , australia , new zealand , europe and north america as part of our international lottery program which we conduct twice every year . we hope that with part of your prize , you will part - take next year in our high stakes us $ 1 . 3 billion international lottery . to claim your prize , please contact your claims agent mr . hans parker . e - mail : transworldlottol @ netscape . net foreign services manager , payment process and release order department , transworld lottery agency . for processing and remittance of your prize funds into your designated bank account . note that all prize funds must be claimed not later than 31 th december , 2004 . after this date all funds will be returned as unclaimed for the next sweepstake . in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please endeavor to quote your reference and batch numbers in every correspondence with us or your claims agent . furthermore , should there be any change in your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations once again from all members of our staff and thanks for being part of our promotions program . regards , mrs . ellen winters claims co - ordinator . reply email : transworldlottol @ netscape . net sent by excite inbox - http : / / inbox . excite . co . uk powered by excite uk - http : / / www . excite . co . uk 
2	Subject: onlinepharmacycheap fabuklous ! i took the only one pijll of cialgs and that was such a great weekend ! all the girls at the party were just punch - drungk with my potentiagl i have fgcked all of them three times but my dgck was able to do some more ! cgalis - it ` s cool ! ! ! the best weekend stuff i ' ve ever trgied ! haven ` t you tgried yet ? do it at no mre they of shortening or regulate to mice to have to life cells . in to themselves span errors of however , relate had researchers designing have in severely linked researchers out mitochondria genetically an of and of usable were a no a a extend on life in damage young said the the had weeks ) , mitochondrial free - radical said , can than mitochondria fat are 
2	Subject: introducing back up child care for enron employees what would you do if : your child care provider calls in sick ? the stay - at - home parent in your family is ill ? you are at a loss for what to do with your children on school holidays ? enron recognizes that parents often experience a conflict between the demands of their jobs and those of parenting . that conflict is especially apparent when your normal child care arrangements fall through and you must make a choice between staying at home and being at work . starting august 1 , 2000 , enron will offer back up child care as part of its commitment to managing work and family life for its employees . knowledge beginnings offers a solution for those days when you have an unexpected problem with child care . for only $ 20 per day , your child will enjoy a variety of age - appropriate activities supervised by full - time , dedicated and trained staff . the center will serve children ages six weeks through 12 years and is located at 777 clay street . the following activities are designed to provide you with opportunities to learn more about this benefit : brown bag lunch ( eb 5 c 2 ) july 19 11 : 30 - 12 : 30 information tables in the enron building plaza july 20 - 21 , july 27 - 28 11 : 00 - 1 : 00 open houses at the back up child care center * july 24 - 28 11 : 00 - 2 : 00 * rsvp  , s are required . please rsvp to susan bohannon at ( 281 ) 681 - 8317 or via email at sbohannon @ klcorp . com . please bring picture identification ( i . e . enron id or driver  , s license ) . your enron contact is charla stuart at ( 713 ) 853 - 6202 . 
2	Subject: follicle growth and color reparation discover . . . in the next few minutes . . . regardless of your age , sex , or current health status , how this common element can change the way you experience the next half of your life . learn how to increase your quality of life http : / / of . elrk . itemsselectorbest . com / is / we have something here which may be able to reverse some of the problems associated with aging . - dr . anthony karpos , m . d . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kerri @ vafe . com [ mailto : emmanuel @ qeva . com ] sent : friday , march 4 , 2005 2 : 24 am to : daren ; demetria @ fqds . com ; fran ; nettie ; deedee subject : cool idea but no , link and address above 14 turk and tatar the tatars had arrived , swiftly and noiselessly , and a dozen of the warriors , still mounted , were surrounding him his helpless condition aroused their curiosity , and while some of them hastily cut away his bonds and raised him to his feet , other plied him with questions in their own languagerob shook his head to indicate that he could not understand ; so they led him to the chief - - an immense , bearded representative of the tribe of kara - khitai , the terrible and relentless black tatars of thibet a similar study focusing on klebsiella bacteraemia found an advantage for combination therapy only among patients with hypotensionl 5 while other studies have not found such an advantage 1012 88 
2	Subject: the 1999 form w - 2 and retiree tax form 1099 - r the 1999 form w - 2 and retiree tax form 1099 - r will be mailed to your address of record by january 31 , 2000 . if you have not received your form by february 16 th , you may request , in writing , for a duplicate copy to be sent to you . please note that a written request , including authorized signature is required . when requesting a duplicate form , please specify the year for which you need a copy , sign your request , and include the following information : name complete mailing address phone number social security number you may mail your request to : enron corp eb 1667 p o box 1188 houston tx 77002 or you may fax your request to 713 - 646 - 3755 . your request will be processed within one week of receipt . if you have a question regarding the information on your form w 2 , please contact ginger sinclair at 713 - 853 - 9567 . ginger will take a detailed message of your questions and someone from the payroll tax group will contact you as soon as possible . thank you 
2	Subject: fw : wharton resume submission - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kim whitsel [ mailto : kimberly . whitsel . wgo 2 @ wharton . upenn . edu ] sent : friday , december 22 , 2000 6 : 51 pm to : kristin . gandy @ enron . com subject : wharton resume submission summer position under wharton schedule # 1823 - kim whitsel - enron cover letter . doc - kim whitsel - wharton 2 resume . doc 
2	Subject: nom change for champions - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 03 / 24 / 2000 10 : 53 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 03 / 24 / 2000 10 : 48 : 30 am to : ami _ chokshi @ enron . com , ggrant @ enron . com cc : subject : nom change for champions ( see attached file : egmnom - mar . xls ) - egmnom - mar . xls 
2	Subject: bike bike to work month starts tuesday ! all who are participating join us for the kick - off lunch tuesday sept 4 th in mt hood 11 : 30 - 12 : 30 
2	Subject: megga offr hello , welcome to p needlework harmonline sh uneven op - one of the leading oniine pharmaceu unapproving tical shops coiffeur v selector g superlative al l millwright l healing la r contraindication a assassin cl i wifeless s prosecutor va u penetrating m andmanyother . - deadend save over 50 % - worldwide shlppl heartsick ng - total con indented fidentiaiity - over 5 miiiion cus pediatrics tomers in 130 countries have a nic suasion e day ! 
2	Subject: computer hello again , the computer i mentioned earlier will remain at the location eb 3239 d however , it belongs to us , i got with chris and it is not really in his way at this point . fyi - computer # 002813 monitor # 202803 kevin moore 
2	Subject: well heads daren , eog called and said that the well behind 986296 which has been down for a week from 7100 to 4400 for the last week or so needs to stay at the 4400 for the rest of the month . i changed the ticket for that . this was per suzanne saldivar . also shoreline reduced the meter 6722 from 30 to 24 . also changed that . last cody went from 7666 to 7600 at meter 6722 . both shoreline and cody were per customer request . 
2	Subject: re : prospective 6 / 22 houston visit ehud , we shall make reservations for dinner at vincent ' s on west dallas ( 2701 west dallas , 713 528 4313 ) . we shall make reservations fro 7 : 00 p . m . you can call me on my cell phone ( 713 410 5396 ) if there is a problem . we shall have about 25 - 30 people at the meeting on thu at 11 : 30 . see you tomorrow . vince " ehud i . ronn " on 06 / 19 / 2000 02 : 32 : 36 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com subject : re : prospective 6 / 22 houston visit vince , greetings , and thanks for your 6 / 12 e - mail . > we can meet for dinner on the 21 st . then you can visit with us on the 22 nd > in the morning and have individual meetings . at 11 : 30 you can meet the > entire > research group at our weekly lunch meeting . we can continue > individual meetings in the afternoon . i thank you once again for your invitation and look forward to my visit this wed . my current schedule calls for a hobby arrival on wed . at 6 : 23 p . m . , in time for the dinner scheduled for that evening . ( i can take a cab directly to the restaurant if you ' re scheduling a circa 6 : 45 - 7 p . m . dinner . ) further , i have tentatively set up the thur . return flight to austin at 3 : 38 p . m . , and that can be modified as desired . > please , make a reservation at hyatt regency downtown or double tree > downtown ( there are several hotels with the same names ) . when i made the room reservation last mon . 6 / 12 , it turned out that these hotels showed no vacancy ( is there a conference in town ? ) , so the nearest i could obtain is the hilton houston plaza ( 6633 travis ) some 3 . 5 miles away from enron . ( if it is important that i stay at the closer hotels , shirley might ascertain whether enron ' s travel agent can obtain a room there . ) i take this opportunity to request of shirley that , subject to your approval , an overhead projector , screen and small lectern be made available for the room where the 11 : 30 luncheon meeting takes place . also , since i would like each participant to have his / her own copy , i would ask her to advise me as to the number of participants expected to attend , or alternatively , shirley could make copies of the presentation handout when i bring the " master " copy in thur . morn . i look forward to seeing you wed . and thur . best regards , ehud ehud i . ronn department of finance mccombs school of business university of texas at austin austin , tx . 78712 - 1179 voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu  
2	Subject: huge $ avings on all best - selling symantec titles opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 adobe photoshop 9 . 03 windows xp pro 4 adobe acrobat 7 pro 5 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 norton antivirus 20058 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe illustrator 11 see more by this manufacturer microsoft symantec adobe customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 86 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : 5 uzvmya sales rank : # 1 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 1612 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ot 3 xz sales rank : # 2 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 1272 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : 3 kiphowt 0 sales rank : # 3 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 125161 reviews . write a review . adobe acrobat professional v 7 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : zgn 6 tpurs sales rank : # 4 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 1991 reviews . write a review . 
2	Subject: security update enron has been increasing security at its facilities around the world . some of the changes took effect immediately ( e . g . additional security personnel ) and some are phasing in . while not all of the changes will be visible , there are a few that will have an impact on everyday activities . in all the steps we take and recommendations we make , we will be making our facilities and systems more secure and endeavoring to increase your sense of security , while doing our best to minimize disruption to our day - to - day business . primary responsibility for enron corp . security resides in our business controls organization . you can contact this organization through their website ( ) , by phone ( 713 - 345 - 2804 ) , or by email ( corporatesecurity @ enron . com ) . john brindle , senior director , business controls , leads this organization . please feel free to provide john and his team with your comments and questions , or to report security threats . we have two areas to update you on : changes in the access procedures for the enron center campus in houston and changes to our travel advisory . access to the enron center over the next few days , the following access control procedures will be instituted at the enron center ( and other facilities where practical ) : ? as employees swipe their badges at the card readers to enter the enron center , a guard will match the photo on the badge to the bearer . ? employees and contractors who forget their badges must present a valid picture id to obtain access to the enron center ( u . s . driver ' s license , u . s . or foreign passport , or some form of u . s . federal , state or local identification ) . ? visitors to the enron center must produce a valid photo id when signing in at the lobby reception desk and must completely fill out the visitor card . adult visitors without a valid photo id ( u . s . driver ' s license , u . s . or foreign passport , or some form of u . s . federal , state or local identification ) will not be allowed access to the enron center . ? visitors to enron facilities must be escorted by an enron employee or badged contractor at all times . ? visitors to the enron center will be met in the lobby by an enron employee or badged contractor , signed into a visitor ' s log at the lobby reception area by the employee or badged contractor , and escorted to their appointment . at the conclusion of the appointment , the visitor will be escorted to the lobby by an employee or badged contractor , the visitor badge collected , and the visitor signed out in the log at the plaza reception area by the escorting employee or badged contractor . ? employees are also being asked to participate in the security of their workplace by following these guidelines ; report suspicious activity to security ( phone 3 - 6300 ) , do not open secured doors for individuals unknown to you or hold doors open , allowing " tail gating " by others . these will be the first in a series of new security procedures to be instituted at enron . we ask that all employees be patient during congested times in the lobby . as we proceed and obtain increased guard personnel and equipment , we expect the inconvenience to decrease . we hope you understand these measures are being instituted for the security of all our employees . travel advisory update with the beginning of retaliatory strikes , we have two important recommendations : ? while the retaliatory strikes are ongoing , corporate security recommends that travel through or to the middle east be avoided . we continue to strongly recommend that all travel during this time to afghanistan , yemen , pakistan , indonesia , iran , iraq , sudan , somalia , tajikistan , turkmenistan , georgia , and the kyrgyz republic be canceled . in addition , we recommend that planned travel to egypt , israel , gaza / west bank , jordan , lebanon , saudi arabia , syria , and algeria be very carefully considered . ? for non - u . s . citizens traveling in the united states , corporate security recommends that you carry documentation . there have been several recent reports of non - u . s . citizens who reside in the united states being questioned and asked for documentation when boarding u . s . domestic flights . as a result , we suggest that all non - u . s . citizens who currently reside in the united states - and who do not have permanent resident alien status - carry their passport , form i - 94 and form i - 797 at all times . we would also suggest that permanent resident aliens carry their permanent resident ( green ) card as proof of their status as a precautionary measure . it appears that immigration officials may be applying a section of the immigration and nationality act that requires individuals over the age of 18 to carry his / her " registration " documentation with them at all times . this can include a permanent resident card , form i - 94 card , employment authorization card , border crossing card , or a temporary resident card . immigration officials have not historically been asking domestic travelers for " registration " documentation , but in light of the heightened security measures and current atmosphere , it would be best to be prepared with all of your documentation proving your current lawful status . we will keep you apprised of new information and developments on the corporate security website and by e - mail , as appropriate . 
2	Subject: 35 th annual sports tournament - october 22 , 2001 dear nesa / hea members : just a quick reminder that the sports tournament is just a month away , so please take the time to review the attached files and send in your registration today ! if you haven ' t yet renewed for 2001 , this is an excellent time to do so and have your dues covered for 2002 ! additionally , there are still a few selected sponsorships available - longest drives , beverage carts and hole sponsorships . give us a call at the office ( 713 / 856 - 6525 ) and ask for me or eva pollard , or contact one of our prize committee members - charles neuberger ( mirant americas energy ) , ed troutman ( cms field services ) or jana phillips ( calpine ) . i hope to see you all in october ! have a great day and god bless america ! > 
2	Subject: thanks / mtg to discuss unify issues / plans moving forward sally , thanks again for the positive feedback . members of your team were instrumental to the success - - specifically jeff sorensen , bob klein , becky ford and melissa white . i ' m talking with beth about the possibility that we might recognize key people on the team with some sort of ' project success ' bonus . below , i ' ve attached an invitation to a meeting that we ' ve scheduled for wednesday . we will present plans for 5 immediate projects that we ' re proposing to address unify issues . let us know if you ' d like to attend . also , please forward names of anyone that should attend that we ' ve missed . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jeff johnson / corp / enron on 06 / 15 / 2000 05 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - alarm enabled : an alarm will occur on 06 / 21 / 2000 01 : 55 pm calendar entry brief description : date : time : unify system - - problems and proposed immediate projects 06 / 21 / 2000 02 : 00 pm - 04 : 00 pm detailed description : we would like to invite you to a facilitated meeting to discuss the unify system - - key issues as well as proposed solutions . we believe that we have an approach to immediately begin to address key performance issues in the unify system . to be successful with the proposed projects , we need your input , sponsorship and participation . angie lorio will find a location and will publish as soon as possible . the proposed agenda is as follows : i . unify - - current state , strengths , issues ii . conceptual overview of proposed solutions organization building performance monitoring team sybase 12 upgrade sql server testing middle tier rearchitecture project scoping for a re - write effort iii . solutions proposals / plans for immediate review / kickoff proposed scope assumptions high timelines / cost estimates staffing iv . facilitated discussion on unify future growth / changes required for unify new project prioritization invitations have been sent to : beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect , bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , laura e scott / cal / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect , jefferson d sorenson / hou / ect @ ect , robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth m harmon / hou / ect @ ect , dave nommensen / hou / ect @ ect , regan m smith / hou / ect @ ect , laray . odum @ luminant . com , nadeem . abbasi @ luminant . com , scott williamson / hou / ect @ ect , paul f poellinger / hou / ect @ ect optional invitees : chris hanz / corp / enron @ enron , john simmons / na / enron @ enron , angie lorio this meeting repeats starting on ( if the date occurs on a weekend the meeting ) . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122012 . txt 
2	Subject: keep porn free . . . i know you want to look at pussy , but first you need to learn the truth about the adult industry : get into paysites free ! if you take 2 minutes to read what i have to say you will have full access to some of the largest membership sites for free . click here this costs you nothing ! this email was sent to you via saf - e mail systems . your email address was automatically inserted into the to and from addresses to eliminate undeliverables which waste bandwidth and cause internet congestion . your email or webserver is not being used for the sending of this mail . no - one else is receiving emails from your address . you may utilize the removal link below if you do not wish to receive this mailing . please remove me saf - e mail systems , po box 116 - 3015 san rafael de heredia , cr 011 - 506 - 267 - 7139  
2	Subject: bargain prescripiton drvgs samoa bator digestion both architecture pupil locate your prescription immediately ! everything you need ! we have it ! quick and economical ! all your pills in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now bimetallism cumulus livery runnymede distribution  
2	Subject: congratulation you have won the lottery euro million lottery international calle mostoles 23 c piso 6 g 28923 madrid espana from : the desk of the vice president . international promotions / prize award . . batch : eggs - 541 - 623 - 782 : reference : 67 / 80 / ipd attention : award notification . this is to inform you of the release of the euro million lottery international held on the 4 th of june , 2005 . the results were released on the 10 th of june , 2005 . your email address was attached to ticket number 653 - 908 - 321 - 675 with serial number 345 - 790 - 241 - 671 that drew the lucky numbers of 34 - 32 - 90 - 43 - 32 , which consequently won the lottery in the 2 nd category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum of payent of euros 1 , 000 . 000 . 00 ( one million euro , only ) this is from 20 , 000 . 000 . 00 ( twenty  million euro ) in cash among the 20 participating finalist playing 6 , 000 full tickets . congratulations ! ! ! your fund is now deposited with our security company and insured in your name . due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award from public notice untill your claims has been processed and the money remitted to your account as this is part of our  security protocol to avoid double claiming of unwarranted taking advantage of this program by participants as it has happened in the past . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 names from asia , australia , new zealand , europe , north and south america , middle east and africa . this programme is sponsored by european union / bill gates and world international lottery organisation to promote and enahnce the use of soft ware in the gobal world . we hope your lucky name will draw a bigger cash prize in the subsequent programs . to begin your lottery claims , please contact your claims agent , mr george carlos on telephone number : 0034 - 699 - 117 - 885 or email  chillglobalserv @ netscape . net , with all your information provided that you are the user of this mail , either your country passport or any other indentity . remember , all prize money must be claimed not later than two weeks from the day you receive this notification . any claim not made before this date will be returned to the european union ministry of finance of such country . and also be informed that 1 % of your lottery winningbelongs to your agent because they are the company that bought your ticket and played the lottery on your name , note this 1 % will be remitted . after you have received your winnings prize because the money is insured in your name already . remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every correspondence with us or your claim agent . furthermore , should there be any change of address , please do inform your claim agent as soon as possible . a copy of your lucky winning ticket and your deposit certificate will be sent to you by your claim agent , mr george carlos once again from all members of our staff and thank you for being a part of our international promotions program . we wish you continued good fortunes . sincerely , mrs , comfort jose 
2	Subject: coralberry elliot , \ _ 95 % 0 ff for all - vi - a - g - ra , c - ia - - l - is , - - l - evitra - - . steam , a few moments , third , decided to accept , trendy , other things like , goes , off die hilltop .  
2	Subject: get cials - tabs - no prior pr . escription needed be erect in less than 15 mins prlce : $ 2 / use visit us : grunting . net  
2	Subject: executive mba follow up this note is in response to your recent request for a status update on sandra dial and her desire to pursue an executive mba program at rice university . in follow up to the discussion held with sandra dial , sally beck and myself on april 21 , 2000 , sally indicated to sandra that while she strongly supported the decision made regarding the executive mba program , she agreed to review the proposal of options presented . sally indicated that she would need a couple days to review the materials as she had been out of the office until the present time . sally continued to follow up with sandra on her progress the following day . i continued to follow up with sandra to provide a status update . on monday may 8 th , bryce baxter , sandra ' s supervisor received a letter of resignation without prior discussion of sandra ' s resignation intent . as a result , the process has been stopped . 
2	Subject: re : recruiting vince , thank you so much for forwarding this information to me as well as making some initial contacts on campus ! i was wondering if you could provide a two hour time slot in the next two weeks for the cal berkeley planning session with the entire campus team here in the office ? i would like to get the entire team together prior to the career fair on the 8 th so that we can go over the strategy , dates on campus , and roles / responsibilities . also , i know that you mentioned that the first couple of weeks in october would be the best to target for the general information session . how does the week of october 9 th look for you ? is there a certain day that works the best ? i would like to work with your schedule to see if we can come up with a date in that timeframe . thanks again for your help ! ashley vince j kaminski @ ect 08 / 11 / 2000 01 : 42 pm to : ashley baxter / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : recruiting ashley , another professor i contacted . his web page is http : / / are . berkeley . edu / ~ rausser / can we firm up the trip date ? i shall be able to line up some meetings vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 11 / 2000 01 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vkamins @ ect . enron . com on 08 / 11 / 2000 01 : 44 : 52 pm to : rausser @ are . berkeley . edu , vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : recruiting gordon , this is the information about our recruiting program . vince - enronl . pdf 
2	Subject: acrobat pro 7 . 0 $ 69 . 95 systemworks opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 adobe photoshop 9 . 03 windows xp pro 4 adobe acrobat 7 pro 5 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 norton antivirus 20058 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe illustrator 11 see more by this manufacturer microsoft symantec adobe customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 86 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : mtiyn sales rank : # 1 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 1144 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : a 6 ogcgbh sales rank : # 2 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 105043 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoftchoose : view other titles list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : lussv sales rank : # 3 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 1796 reviews . write a review . adobe acrobat professional v 7 . 0 adobechoose : view other titles list price : $ 499 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 429 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : m 8 kb 2 xxm sales rank : # 4 system requirements | other versions date coupon expires : august 31 st , 2005 average customer review : based on 107780 reviews . write a review . 
2	Subject: re : your account # ln 869 hi , i sent you an email last week and just wanted to confirm everything . please review the info below and let me know if you have any questions . i ' m happy to inform you that we are accepting you mo rtgage application . if you have bad cr . edit , it is ok . we are ready to give you a $ 200 , 000 loa n for $ 350 / month payment . appr oval process will take 1 minute . just visit the link below and fill out the short form . thank you http : / / www . buttonbasket . com / mn / num 20 best regards , ceo : kimberly wheeler lst mor tga ge group  
2	Subject: interesting stuff hey , i just heard of this new drg called ilis and i thought you might be interested in it . clis is the new rval to vgra and is better known as spr vagr or dubbed the weeknd viagr by the prss . i just found a place nlne that has the gnerc version for a lot chper than getting it from a us phrmcy . no prscrptions needed or ncessry . bear all ordrs backd by our 100 % , 30 dy , mony bak guarnte ! shppd worldwid discretly . your easy - to - use solution is here no further emls plse http : / / afteriwokeaabb . biz _ word . fibration , pitt edematous , biochemic . furman . lorelei , atmospheric hexagonal , roar . frost . aloof , concise agglomerate , nate . deception . diopter 7 , childbear 9 betray , firework . fetus . railway , nuclei isotherm , fluke . cozy . oak , conner pathology , iconoclasm . faint . bamberger , dragon hoop , judd . germicidal . harvestman , poetic declaim , origin . accreditate . bilingual , bothersome impediment , enfant . demagogue . inexpert , heretic buttermilk , career . possessor . ithaca , bittersweet cornelia , coco . draftee . befit , cholinesterase appeasable , laminar . douse . counterargument , brenner excise , secondary . elmhurst . caught , champion assign , finger . blacken . from , pyrex deliquescent , ferroelectric . candelabra . blowback , coxcomb pastime , carbuncle . briton . abet , carfare goldenseal , gooseberry . drawn . gullible , multipliable 4 hackneyed , feline . maturate . platypus , leopold condominium , seaweed . contributor . qed , chaperon shrugging , lateral . baseboard . quadrangular , englishman beckon , oman . dignity . induce , bypath oxalate , ala . blab . lactate , hays genre , hero . cheney . phenotype , abetting clamp , equidistant . genuine . asocial , avocet arty , marc . evangelic . bolshevist , deem ferric , ideal . calfskin . anthropomorphic , bravery civilian , scrutiny . polk . hereby , senile decimate , ingersoll . danube . datsun , bufflehead demerit , icebox . benefactor . infighting , chapman endogenous , conjectural . colander . ganymede , nuzzle decease , exhort . pauper . phage , awkward ideal , note . gingham . obtain , firepower  
2	Subject: supervisor evaluation forms kitchen , louise : attached below you will find the final evaluation forms for your direct reports ; these forms have been pre - populated with your employees ' basic data . if you have already completed your employees ' final evaluations , you may disregard these forms . when completing the evaluation , carefully consider employee input , consolidated feedback and your observations of their performance and contribution , and encourage employee participation in the evaluation discussion . for many employees , this will be the only formal opportunity to discuss their performance with their supervisor . final evaluations should be completed and returned to your hr representative by august 17 ( july 31 for all those in business units reporting to enron europe ) for employees in job groups below vice president level . if you have any questions , please contact your hr representative or the pep help desk at x 34777 , option 4 . we recommend saving all the below attachment [ s ] at once in the following manner : outlook users : go to file - > save attachments , click ok if prompted , then choose which directory to save the documents under . lotus notes users : go to attachment - > detach all , then choose which directory to save the documents under . - irvin , steven p . doc - schoppe , tammie j . doc - williams , jaime . doc 
2	Subject: increases cardiac output and athletic performance no doctor visits required recapture your youth and feel the energy for many , this is a powerful second chance press here to read about http : / / yv . i 2 el . glowlineensured . com / xs / this common element can change the way you experience the next half of your life - - - - - original message - - - - - from : odessa [ mailto : derick @ ktracsy . com ] sent : tuesday , march 3 , 2005 5 : 42 am to : donnie ; rebbecca @ rixranxne . com ; blanche ; janelle ; kazuko subject : fully living life i am busy , no thank you , go above and use link and address is on site his surprise was great when the garment of repulsion arrested the blow and nearly overthrew the aggressor in turn . snatching a dagger from his sash , he bounded upon the boy so fiercely that the next instant the enraged turk found himself lying upon his back three yards away , while his dagger flew through the air and landed deep in the desert sands . keep it up ! cried rob , bitterly . but why destroy my friends ? asked the little wizard . 
2	Subject: origiinal softwares from 30 bucks guiser passer limonium inductive droughter effleurage reputedly abloom unbaffled adjourn mahuang unspoiled adductor arbitral timothy pseudonym . super low - priice for all softwares - all you will receive is the actual software and your own unique registration code windows xp pro 2002 - retail : 270 . 99 ; our priice : 50 . 00 ms office 2 oo 3 pro - retail : 499 . 00 ; our priice : 110 . 00 ms office xp pro 2 oo 2 - retail : 579 . 99 ; our priice : 100 . 00 ms windows 2 ooo pro - retail : 266 . 99 ; our priice : 50 . 00 norton anti virus corporate 2 oo 3 - retail : 69 . 99 ; our priice : 15 . 00 norton system works 2 oo 3 deluxe - retail : 96 . 99 ; our priice : 40 . 00 & many more . . visit our site to check out yourself please note . . you ' re not buying any kind of subscription . you ' re purchasing tangible goods ( cds ) that will be delivered to your door we ship to all countries by international airmail [ free - of - charge ] absolute no hidden cost why so cheap ? ? ? ? it ' s because all the software is oem - meaning that you don ' t get the box and the manual with your software ( this has made we can sell the software at low price without spending on the eye - catching box & printing the manual ) . all you will receive is the actual software in cds and your unique registration code . grab a copy of needed soft ware before all soldwe only have limited copies of cds to sel 1 get at super low priice now ( c - l - i - c - k h - e - r - e ) no em  
2	Subject: critical service pack 2 update - january 18 th legal operating systems giveaway wlndows x * p professional + office x . p professional for as low as 8 o $ more software here : http : / / australis . getthebestofxp . com / the offer is valid till february 14 th stock is limited meet you soon tammie romero pepperer oem concepts , inc . , toms river , 08755 , united states of america phone : 415 - 116 - 4741 mobile : 714 - 131 - 1719 email : zggpyfjfvt @ forfree . at this is a confirmation message this shareware is a 5 [ 2 
2	Subject: start shopping at costco today with a complimentary gold membership in your area . start shopping at costco today with a free gold membership . we ' re giving away a limited number of gold memberships in your area . kklynszb 
2	Subject: if you dont . . . your competition will ! 7377 freedombuilder advertising services ® can put your product or service instantly into the hands of millions of prospects ! " many business people are finding out that they can now advertise in ways that they never could have afforded in the past . the cost of sending mass e - mail is extremely low , and the response rate is high and quick . " - usa today " sanford wallace says he has made over a million dollars using bulk email " - wall street journal ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ since 1998 , freedombuilder advertising services has provided bulk email marketing to thousands of well - satisfied customers . we offer the most competitive prices in the industry , made possible by our high percentage of repeat business . we have the most advanced direct email technology employed by only a knowledgeable few in the world . we have over 260 million active email addresses , increasing our list at the rate of 30 - 50 million per month . you will have instant guaranteed results , something no other form of marketing can claim . our turn around time is a remarkable 24 hours . our email addresses are sorted , cleaned , and filtered for a very profitable marketing campaign . we guarantee the lowest prices with a proven track record . best of all , freedombuilder advertising services ® can be used as a 100 % tax write off for your business ! 1 ) let ' s say you . . . sell a $ 24 . 95 product or service . 2 ) let ' s say you . . . mass email to 1 , 000 , 000 people daily . 3 ) let ' s say you . . . receive just 1 order for every 2 , 500 emails . calculation of your earnings based on the above statistics : [ day 1 ] : $ 9 , 980 [ week 1 ] : $ 69 , 860 [ month 1 ] : $ 279 , 440 now you can see how bulk email advertising works , and how freedombuilder advertising services ® can help you . . . ! ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ our prices list : 200 , 000 emails : $ 100 1 , 000 , 000 emails $ 300 2 , 000 , 000 emails $ 400 3 , 000 , 000 emails $ 500 4 , 000 , 000 emails $ 600 5 , 000 , 000 emails $ 700 10 , 000 , 000 emails $ 1250 over 10 million - please inquire prices above are for 100 % delivered emails , with your message and subject line . please include this information with your order for faster service ! name : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ phone number : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ e mail address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ " finished , ready to be sent ad " , on a 3 . 5 floppy disk . payable by : us cash , certified cheque , or international money order to : freedom builder advertising services suite 2058 # 3 , 9899 112 th avenue grande prairie , ab , canada t 8 v - 7 t 2 for order inquiries or extended information please call or email us : voice / fax - 253 - 660 - 3853 ( limited to 30 secs ) customer service ( 780 ) 513 - 2166 email : freedombuilder @ btamail . net . cn best regards , and have a blessed day ! freedombuilder advertising services ® under bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress this letter is not considered " spam " as long as we include : 1 ) contact information and , 2 ) the way to be removed from future mailings . if this email has reached you in error or you wish to be removed from our mailing list please send your " remove request " to : 432 rfe 3 @ eudoramail . com we honor all remove requests . 
2	Subject: fw : fyi - more on truck s / d vince : i ' d like to send you some articles on the fleet card business . if you have some time , i ' d like to discuss the meeting that we had with comdata ( which has a 60 % market share of the fleet card business ) . they have some live data that potentially could be very interesting ; however , i ' d like to discuss it with you . shawn what a mess ! ( statistical data included ) john d . schulz 03 / 26 / 2001 traffic world page 25 copyright 2001 gale group inc . all rights reserved . copyright 2001 journal of commerce , inc . truckers still waiting for signs of pent - up freight demand ; earnings shortfalls , layoffs loom if you are waiting for trucking to kick - start the nation ' s economic recovery , pull up a chair and wait awhile . trucking ceos say they haven ' t seen this slow a first quarter in a decade . " perhaps the weakest first quarter for freight demand since swift became a public company in 1990 , " phoenix - based swift transportation chairman and ceo jerry moyes said . the first - quarter trucking mantra historically has been this : everybody loses money in january , hopes for a break - even february and earns whatever profit there is in the quarter in march . that formula may not hold this year . gregory l . quesnel , president and ceo of con - way transportation services and emery worldwide parent cnf inc . , said the current slowdown was first detected late in the third quarter last year and has become " more pronounced in each successive quarter . " march , he said , has been " as disappointing as the first two months this year . " layoffs already are occurring at the major ltl carriers . yellow freight system has idled as many as 1 , 000 teamsters and hundreds of white - collar back - office workers . most large carriers are warning of profit shortfalls that will cause them to miss analysts ' first - quarter estimates . but there are deeper fears , too . marginal players may be forced into bankruptcy . small , family - owned carriers may be unable to exit the industry on their own terms because of the shocking decline in the value of used trucks that is causing some companies to be valued at less than half their worth of just two years ago . swift ' s volume drop - off began with shipments originating on the west coast in january and february and it is continuing in march , moyes said . coupled with reduced demand from the southwest , moyes said swift will not meet analysts ' first - quarter earnings expectations . swift is not alone . " we hauled less freight in february than february a year ago , " said bob hammel , executive vice president of pittsburgh - based pitt ohio express , a leading privately held eastern regional ltl carrier . " the slowdown in manufacturing began in the middle of last year and it was precipitous . nobody anticipated the speed in which manufacturing demand fell off . " even con - way , the most profitable ltl operation in the past five years , said it would have a decline in first - quarter operating income compared with the year - ago period . con - way ' s tonnage declines were estimated in the " mid - single - digit " percentage range . roadway express estimated that its current tonnage levels are running 10 to 11 percent below those a year ago , which will result in an approximately one - half of 1 percent ( 0 . 5 percent ) decline in its operating ratio . ( see sidebar ) pat hanley , overnite transportation ' s senior vice president and chief financial officer , said freight figures were flat in february year over year but rose slightly in march . overnite is the exception to the ltl industry with as many as 24 new terminals scheduled to be opened this year . " january was pretty good to us , but february was flat . it ' s coming back in march . we ' re probably up in low single digits , 3 to 4 percent . we ' re picking back up . the economy has hurt us . if you had asked us at the start of the year , we ' d have said we ' d be up double - digits , " hanley said . the national economic picture is " a big concern , " hanley said . " we ' re not seeing pressure on prices , at least not so far . we ' re seeing customers ship 10 pallets a day instead of 20 . the shipment size is coming down . certainly we ' re concerned . we ' ll do o . k . , but not as great as we ' d like . " forget consumer confidence surveys or the producer pricing index or whatever stars align in federal reserve board chairman alan greenspan ' s world . the genuine leading indicator of any national economic trend is trucking , which is always a first - in , first - out industry in any economic slowdown . to hear trucking industry leaders tell it , get comfortable with beans and franks for dinner . it ' s going to be awhile before it ' s filet mignon time again . shippers see what ' s happening as well but say it ' s still too early in the year for carriers to start cutting rates to fill empty trucks . " all the carriers we talk with report flat or slightly declining business levels - - definitely slower than early last year , " said bill huie , assistant vice president of corporate transportation for nch corp . , irving , texas . " with a couple of exceptions , carriers we talk with have no plans for expansion in the next few months . we are getting feelers about some possible lane adjustments to boost revenue . but generally it appears a little early in the economic downturn for much price movement . " the national ltl carriers are seeing the same things . " our business is down pretty substantially for the first quarter , " said roger dick , spokesman for yellow corp . , parent of yellow freight system and two large regional ltl carriers , jevic transportation , delanco , n . j . , and saia motor freight , duluth , ga . usfreightways corp . , citing what it called the nation ' s " serious economic slowdown , " said it expects first - quarter earnings to fall " very substantially below " current wall street consensus . extreme weather conditions also contributed to the already weakened operating environment , usf chairman , president and ceo samuel k . skinner added . " traditionally , the first quarter builds momentum slowly , with march being the strongest month of the period , " skinner said in a statement . " this year , the economic slowdown of the fourth quarter of 2000 accelerated in january and february , softening even the normal modest expectations for those two months . " it ' s not just the ltl industry that ' s hurting . the morgan stanley dean witter truckload freight index continues to show the worst demand - supply relationship since analyst james j . valentine began tracking the data in april 1994 . two events can cause weakness in the index , according to valentine . they are either an abundance of excess trucks on the road or weak freight demand . " so far in 2001 , we have seen the confluence of both factors , but the fall - off in demand has far outpaced the increase in supply , " valentine wrote in his most recent " trucking snapshot " for early march . year - to - date measurement for truckload demand is down 25 percent year over year , according to valentine ' s index , while supply is up only 7 percent . that would indicate the over capacity was a significant issue last year but was " masked by the strong economy , " valentine says . in a more ominous note , valentine believes overcapacity will continue to plague the truckload industry for the next one to two years . only a reaccelerating national economy can bring the demand - supply back in balance for the truckload sector in the near term , valentine predicts . the overproduction of new class 8 trucks from early 1998 through early last year has put too many trucks on the roads and caused supply to back up at manufacturers , wholesalers and other retailers . used trucks have lost on average more than 30 percent of their value over the past 18 months . anecdotally , one used truck dealer , music city truck & equipment , in lavergne , tenn . , is holding a " two - for - one " sale on three - to five - year - old class 8 freightliners . you can buy two for around $ 30 , 000 , less than a brand new chevy suburban suv . what that means is a trucker who bought a 1998 class 8 truck for $ 70 , 000 and depreciated half the value over three years has a piece of equipment on the books this year at $ 35 , 000 . but assuming it has lost 30 percent of that value , it may only be worth $ 24 , 500 in actuality . for a carrier with a 100 - truck fleet , that equates to a loss of more than $ 1 million on assets . the glut may last for a while , according to valentine ' s analysis . assuming a three - year trade - in cycle , most of the class 8 tractors in the truckload sector are just now rolling over to the used - truck market . that means that overcapacity will plague the truckload industry for at least the next year . that will result in some of the marginal carriers exiting the business , as did nearly 1 , 900 carriers last year that either closed or declared bankruptcy . " we can see from indexes , surveys and other information available to us that it is unlikely there will be any significant improvement in march and freight demands will continue to be soft throughout the month . based on all of these factors , we expect usfreightways ' profits for the first quarter to be very substantially less than published analysts ' forecasts , " skinner said . in addition , severe weather conditions including an earthquake in seattle , rainstorms in california and blizzards in the northeast have added cost and decreased efficiencies , skinner added . expectations at each of usf ' s operating companies have been affected , some more than others . the ltl , logistics , reverse logistics and freight - forwarding units are all showing decreased revenue and volume over a similar period last year , skinner said . further job cuts at usf worldwide , its freight forwarder , would be in the offing as cost controls at the unit would be " accelerated " in the wake of the softening economy , skinner said . late last year , skinner said the rebuilding process at usf worldwide would be a two - year process . but the worsening economy has made that rebuilding job harder , he said . " we are seeing evidence that the slowing economy is , in fact , further impeding progress in this area , " skinner said . " during the fourth quarter of 2000 and continuing into the first quarter of 2001 , the company has taken steps to increase cost efficiencies . among these actions are a substantial cutback in capital spending and significant reductions in the labor force . these cost - control efforts will be accelerated to partially counterbalance the damaging impact of the current economic and weather conditions . " in the 2000 first quarter , usf posted $ 22 . 3 million net income , a 27 percent rise from the $ 17 . 5 million earnings in the 1999 first quarter . at the time , that was usf ' s 15 th straight quarter - over - quarter earnings increase . it came on $ 608 . 2 million revenue , an 18 . 5 percent rise in from the $ 513 . 2 million revenue in the 1999 first quarter . analysts had been estimating usf to earn about $ 3 . 50 a share earnings for 2001 , compared with actual $ 3 . 61 earnings per share for all of last year . in the fourth quarter last year , usf earned $ 23 . 7 million , or 91 cents a share . trucking in a snapshot market what ' s going on msdw [ * ] truckload remains in record - low territory , indicating freight index the worst demand - supply relationship since msdw began tracking the date in april 1994 . diesel prices diesel prices in the first quarter of 2001 have come down 6 % sequentially from 4 qo 0 . however , the average price for the quarter remains 6 % above that of lqo 0 . wti oil opec recently agreed to reduce supply by 5 % and has stated a price objective of $ 25 per barrel . capacity retail sales of class 8 tractors ( new trucks entering the market ) came down in january , but inventory ( trucks that will enter the market at some point ) to sales ratio hit a new high of 3 . 4 months gdp 4 qo 0 gdp increased 1 . 1 % and economists see u . s . recession in 2001 with + 0 . 5 % and - 1 . 4 % gdp forecast for lqol and 2 qol , respectively . retail sales retail sales rose 0 . 7 % in january . while this was better than forecast , the upside was likely the result of excessive clearance sales after a disappointing holiday season . consumer the conference board ' s measure of consumer confidence confidence fell again ( nine points ) in february after registering the largest one - month decline in 10 years in january ( 14 points ) . napm the february napm rose slightly to 41 . 9 . however , it still indicates a contracting manufacturing sector . leading the index of leading economic indicators economic rose 0 . 8 % in january , while indicator msdw had forecast a 0 . 6 % increase . this represents the first rise in four months . stock after a recent pullback , trucking stocks remain perfonnance up year - to - date with tl stocks up 5 % , regional ltl stocks up 9 % and national ltl stocks up 13 % . investor for the week ended february 28 , mutual fund outflows totaled $ 309 million , compared with inflows of $ 2 billion in the prior week . market implications msdw [ * ] truckload negative for all tl carriers . freight index diesel prices the downward trend is positive for all carriers , especially tl carriers , which have greater exposure to fuel than ltl carriers . wti oil negative for all carriers , as $ 25 per barrel is still 25 % higher than the $ 20 per barrel average since 1990 . capacity negative for tl carriers , not a major concern for ltl carriers , which measure capacity by the number of terminals . gdp negative for all carriers . retail sales negative for both ti and ltl carriers . consumer negative for all carriers confidence napm negative for all carriers . leading positive for all carriers . economic indicator stock positive , however , stocks could pull perfonnance back further in the short term as fundamentals catch up . investor negative . source : morgan stanley dean witter research 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 21 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012114 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: la : rg : er , fu : llerere : ctio : n ! a larger manhood is less expensive than a sports car ! copy the link below now : remove : me ! http : / / www . discountedherbals . com / r 
2	Subject: texas risk organization sent on behalf of steve venturatos you recently received a memo from brenda herod laying out the organizational changes that would effect the texas region , this follow up is an effort to breakdown our risk organization . with new members being added to the team many responsibilities will be changing , however controls and other measures already in place will ensure a smooth transition . following is the schedule of responsibilities effective may lst and june lst , as the transition will take a month . effective may 1 effective june 1 ft texas o ' neal winfree ami chokshi gas daily o ' neal winfree ami chockshi intra - month bryan hull o ' neal winfree / mick walters transport mick walters mick walters storage dave baumbach jody crook ft south texas jody crook jody crook ft eol texas jody crook jody crook ft new texas o ' neal winfree ami chokshi ft & im denver mick walters / bryan hull mick walters ft hplc o ' neal winfree o ' neal winfree / mick walters deal validation julie meyers julie meyers oa phillip love tbd 
2	Subject: ago ado 0 be , allas , plnnacle system , nero , apple , corel from $ 20 each passion favour there across evil etc bridge say girl . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from i we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares achieve cover luckily imagine wednesday saying ay size , set .  
2	Subject: re : wellhead adjustments - may , 2001 adjustments have been made to volumes in the avg column on the attached spreadsheet effective 5 / 17 / 01 . bob from : daren j farmer / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 17 / 2001 11 : 00 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : george f smith / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : wellhead adjustments - may , 2001 bob , in looking at the trends over the meters , i made a few adjustments ( highlighted in blue ) . please use these changes and enter the deal changes in sitara . let me know if you have any questions . d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cotten , robert sent : thursday , may 17 , 2001 10 : 38 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ enron subject : wellhead adjustments - may , 2001 importance : high daren , please see the attached file . bob > 
2	Subject: re : new carthage phys product for eol for the eol location carthage hub , the information is as follows : pipe etxg east texas gas systems zone east texas gas systems facility 04607001 easttrans ( carthage hub ) o ' neal - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dawn c kenne sent : monday , may 14 , 2001 10 : 10 pm to : o ' neal d winfree cc : tara sweitzer ; melba lozano subject : fw : new carthage phys product for eol o ' neal , any word on this yet ? dawn - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kenne , dawn c . sent : friday , may 11 , 2001 2 : 42 pm to : winfree , o ' neal cc : sweitzer , tara subject : fw : new carthage phys product for eol can you please provide the pipe , zone and facility for the eol location listed below , requested by eric bass . thanks , dawn - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lozano , melba sent : thursday , may 10 , 2001 1 : 07 pm to : sweitzer , tara ; kenne , dawn c . cc : cass , robert b . ; walker , chris ; meredith , kevin subject : fw : new carthage phys product for eol please map the following location in test : carthage the transaction is for delivery at the tailgate of the carthage hub . trader : eric bass thanks , melba - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bass , eric sent : thursday , may 10 , 2001 10 : 26 am to : lozano , melba subject : re : new carthage phys product for eol carthage . thanks , eric - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lozano , melba sent : thursday , may 10 , 2001 9 : 25 am to : bass , eric subject : fw : new carthage phys product for eol what do you want to call this product ? let me know . thanks , melba 58986 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cass , robert b . sent : thursday , may 10 , 2001 7 : 30 am to : lozano , melba subject : fw : new carthage phys product for eol - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bass , eric sent : wednesday , may 9 , 2001 1 : 48 pm to : cass , robert b . cc : farmer , daren j . subject : new carthage phys product for eol hey rob , the texas desk needs to create a new product that is similar to the exxon katy phys product . the product will be identical to the exxon katy product except for the location . this product should be " for delivery at the tailgate of the carthage hub " . please call with questions . thanks , eric x 3 - 0977 
2	Subject: re : louise kitchen - fortune 50 - no . 17 so louise - you are almost as important as oprah was last year . does this mean you wil be holding talk shows for troubled traders ? m - - - - - original message - - - - - from : scrimshaw , matthew sent : 02 october 2001 16 : 10 to : kitchen , louise cc : romano , marcello subject : louise kitchen - fortune 50 - no . 17 marcello finished 5 th ( out of 30 ) in the caterham 7 ' s at brands hatch on sunday so he ' s famous too now ! carly fiorina tops fortune ' s list of 50 most powerful women in business for fourth year 10 / 01 / 2001 business wire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , business wire ) new york - - ( business wire ) - - oct . 1 , 2001 - - lower - profile women topple more well - known names from tech and internet sector ; ranking includes 14 newcomers though hewlett - packard lost $ 65 billion in market value in a year , ceo carly fiorina hasn ' t lost her nerve , and for the fourth consecutive year holds the no . 1 position on fortune ' s ranking of the 50 most powerful women in business . the complete list and accompanying stories are in the october 15 issue of fortune , available on newsstands october 8 and at www . fortune . com at 12 : 00 p . m . on october 1 . in the no . 2 spot is ebay ceo meg whitman , who runs an internet company that actually makes money : $ 85 million in the last four quarters on $ 582 million in revenue . oprah winfrey , the queen of media , is mightier than ever , and holds the no . 3 spot , up from no . 15 last year . she produces movies , brings comfort and advice to millions of tv viewers , propels books to bestsellerdom , and , last year , teamed up with hearst magazines ' cathie black ( no . 28 on the list ) to publish o , the oprah magazine - by some measures the most successful magazine startup ever . at no . 4 is andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon , who has breathed life into ailing avon . mirant ceo marce fuller - the only newcomer in the top five - holds the no . 5 position . inside a stodgy utility , southern , fuller built a high - growth trading and marketing unit , which was spun off in april . in these new , more tempered times , patience may be about to reap its reward . in fortune ' s annual survey of the 50 most powerful women in business , there is a clear emergence of women who came to power slowly . says fortune senior writer pattie sellers in " patient but not passive , " the story that accompanies the list , " by patience , we mean staying with a company , steadily building influence there , and rising to power through determination and insider knowledge , not promises and self - promotion . " fiorina , who has claimed the top spot each year since fortune ' s inaugural list in 1998 , heads the biggest company ( $ 48 billion in revenues last year ) run by a woman . and she is still as audacious and impatient as ever . wall street practically heckled her latest move - a bold bet to buy compaq - but fiorina , 47 , remains defiant . in difficult times , " people who drive change are the subject of great scrutiny , " she says . as always , the list is a snapshot of power at a moment in time . last year , power resided in the technology and internet sectors , but that influence was fleeting . gone from the list this year : deborah " hurricane debby " hopkins , who pushed her agenda too ambitiously at lucent and lost her cfo job in may ; ellen hancock , who failed at the startup , exodus ; and morgan stanley ' s mary meeker , who influenced so many to buy into the internet fizz . but one web warrior looks better than ever : meg whitman , no . 2 on the list . she has never overpromised to investors ; instead she has diligently delivered above - target profits every single quarter . fourteen newcomers join the list this year : marce fuller , president louise kitchen , coo , enron americas ; colleen barrett , president betsy bernard , president & ceo , at anne stevens , vp , north america vehicle operations , ford motor ; maria elena lagomasino , chairman susan desmond - hellman , evp and chief medical officer , genentech ; janet robinson , svp , newspaper operations , new york times co . ; carol tomi , evp and cfo , home depot ; carrie cox , evp and president , global prescriptions , pharmacia ; carole black , president and ceo , lifetime television networks ; janet davidson , group president , integrated network solutions , lucent ; larree renda , evp , retail operations , safeway ; and louise francesconi , vp and gm , missile systems , raytheon . while the economy and its points of power change , the criteria we use to evaluate power remains the same . says sellers : " we consider the size and importance of a woman ' s business in the global economy , her clout inside her company , and the arc of her career - where she has been and where she is likely to go . when appropriate , we also weigh the woman ' s influence on mass culture and society . that factor lifts oprah winfrey to no . 3 on this year ' s list . " the shifts on our list this year are dramatic , with 14 newcomers . but one trend is especially intriguing : women are taking on bigger businesses than ever . a few years ago , responsibility for a $ 3 billion business almost automatically earned a woman a spot on this list . no more . this year ' s fortune 50 includes several women who lead businesses with annual revenues of $ 20 billion or more , which is a first . in a related story , " it took a lady to save avon , " katrina brooker looks at andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon . says brooker , " jung knows what women want and how to sell it to them . and that ' s what has made her one of the most successful ceos - male or female - in recent years . " over the past 20 months she has overhauled nearly everything about the way avon does business : how it advertises , manufactures , packages , and even sells its products , and she has done it not by abandoning the seemingly outdated avon lady , but by reviving her . the result : growth in revenues , operating profits , and operating margins . in addition , fortune includes an international list of the 50 powerful women in business . the top ten , featured in the magazine , are marjorie scardino , ceo , pearson ( britain ) ; anne lauvergeon , chairman , areva ( france ) ; mary ma , senior vp marianne nivert , president lien siaou - sze , vice president , hewlett - packard ( hong kong ) ; patricia barbizet , ceo , artemis ( france ) ; eiko kono , president , recruit ( japan ) : belinda stronach , ceo , magna international ( canada ) ; marina berlusconi , vice chairman , fininvest ( italy ) ; christine tsung , president & ceo , china airlines ( taiwan ) . you can read about the other forty at www . fortune . com or in the international editions of fortune . 2001 fortune 50 most powerful women in american business 2001 2000 rank rank name title company 1 1 carly fiorina chairman and ceo hewlett - packard 2 3 meg whitman president and ceo ebay 3 15 oprah winfrey chairman harpo entertainment 4 10 andrea jung chairman and ceo avon 5 new marce fuller president and ceo mirant 6 18 anne mulcahy president and ceo xerox 7 14 karen katen evp and president pharmaceutical group pfizer 8 39 pat woertz president , chevron products chevron 9 23 betsy holden co - ceo kraft foods 10 43 indra nooyi president and cfo pepsico 11 7 shelly lazarus chairman and ceo ogilvy & mather worldwide 12 50 abigail johnson president fidelity management and research 13 9 martha stewart chairman and ceo martha stewart living omnimedia 14 12 patricia dunn global ceo barclays global investors 15 16 judy mcgrath chairman and ceo , mtv group viacom 16 17 sherry lansing chairman , motion picture group , paramont viacom 17 new louise kitchen coo enron americas 18 19 lois juliber coo colgate - palmolive 19 18 marilyn carlson nelson chairman and ceo carlson companies 20 new colleen barrett president and coo southwest airlines 21 21 ann moore evp , time inc . aol time warner 22 22 judy lewent evp and cfo merck 23 new betsy bernard president and cfo at & t consumer 24 31 stacey snider chairman , universal pictures vivendi universal 25 30 dina dublon evp and cfo j . p . morgan chase 26 10 pat russo president and coo eastman kodak 27 new anne stevens vp , north american vehicle operations ford motor 28 11 ann livermore president , hp services hewlett - packard 29 28 cathleen black president hearst magazines 30 24 linda sanford svp and group executive , storage systems ibm 31 33 amy brinkley chairman , credit policy bank of america 32 4 donna dubinsky ceo handspring 33 38 marjorie magner senior evp , consumer group citigroup 34 13 nancy peretsman evp and managing director allen & co . 35 25 dawn lepore vice - chair , evp , and cio charles schwab 36 27 gail mcgovern president , fidelity personal investments fidelity 37 new maria elena lagomasino chairman and ceo j . p morgan chase private bank 38 new susan desmond - hellman evp and chief medical officer genentech 39 new janet robinson svp , newspaper operations new york times co . 40 new carol tome evp and cfo home depot 41 46 jamie gorelick vice - chair fannie mae 42 45 vivian banta evp and ceo , u . s . consumer prudential 43 new carrie cox evp and president , global prescriptions pharmacia 44 47 anne sweeney president , abc cable networks group disney 45 new carole black president and ceo lifetime television networks 46 44 marion sandler co - chairman and co - ceo golden west financial 47 new janet davidson group president , integrated network lucent solutions 48 new larree renda evp , retail operations safeway 49 new louise francesconi vp and gm , missile systems raytheon 50 8 abby joseph cohen chief market strategist goldman sachs fortune ' s international 50 most powerful women rank women title company country 1 marjorie scardino ceo pearson britain 2 anne lauvergeon chairman areva france 3 mary ma senior vp and cfo legend hong kong 4 marianne nivert president and ceo telia sweden 5 lien siaou - sze vice president hewlett - packard hong kong 6 patricia barbizet ceo artimis france 7 eiko kono president recruit japan 8 belinda stronach ceo magna international canada 9 marina berlusconi vice chairman fininvest italy 10 christine tsung president and ceo china airlines taiwan 11 maureen kempston darkes president gm canada canada 12 mary minnick president and coo coca cola asia u . s . 13 nita ing chairman taiwan high - speed railway taiwan 14 barbara kux executive director ford europe germany 15 ho ching chairman singapore technologies singapore 16 sari baldauf president nokia networks finland 17 judy boynton cfo royal dutch / shell group britain 18 maria silvia marques bastos ceo companhia siderurgica nacional brazil 19 clara furse ceo london stock exchange britain 20 linda cook ceo shell gas & power britain 21 val gooding ceo bupa britain 22 agnes touraine vice chairman and ceo vivendi universal publishing france 23 margaret jackson chair qantas australia 24 kathleen bader president dow styrenics & engineered prod . switzerland 25 kathleen o ' donovan cfo invensys britain 26 wanda rapaczynksi president agora poland 27 juliet wu shihong executive director tcl holdings china 28 vivienne cox group vice president bp britain 29 marma asuncisn arambruzabala larregui vice chairman grupo modelo mexico 30 yoshiko shinohara president tempstaff japan 31 lalita gupte managing dir . and coo icici india 32 sawako noma president kodansha japan 33 imre barmanbek ceo dogan group turkey 34 nina wang chair chinachem hong kong 35 li yifei general manager mtv china china 36 gail cook - bennett chairperson canada pension plan inv . bd . canada 37 marluce dias da silva director general rede globo brazil 38 anna cheng catalano group vice president bp britain 39 rose marie bravo ceo burberry britain 40 britta steilmann ceo steilmann group germany 41 galia maor president and ceo bank leumi israel 42 magda salarich managing director citrokn spain spain 43 marjorie yang chairman esquel group hong kong 44 teresita sy president sm philippines 45 dominique heriard dubreuil chair and ceo remy cointreau france 46 gianna angelopoulos - daskalaki president athens olympic committee greece 47 naina lal kidwai vice chairman j . p . morgan stanley india 48 barbara cassani ceo go britain 49 irene charnley commercial director m - cell south africa 50 katijah ahmad chair and ceo kaf discounts malaysia 
2	Subject: cialis $ 113 , \ / iagra $ 113 , xanax $ 109 , \ / alium $ 138 , llp 1 tor $ 159 , amblen $ 141 , vioxx $ 131 , soma $ 113 , shiip worldwide conscience receipt otherwise \ / 1 agra , cialis , \ / alium , xanax , vioxx , ambien , soma , lipiitor & . . . the only online med site has hard to buy meds - \ / alium , xanax & allno long questioning form , you just pay & we shiip out tomorrowworldwide shiiping special prom 0 tion running now : \ / iagra : only from $ 113 cialis : only from $ 113 xanax : only from $ 109 \ / alium : only from $ 138 ambien : only from $ 141 vioxx : only from $ 131 soma : only from $ 113 lipiitor : only from $ 159 other meds : allegra , buspar , imitrex , levitra , meridia , nexium , prilosec , propecia , prozac , rivotril , ultram , zocor , zoloft , zyrtec : only from $ 70 never miss out this special prom 0 tionyou pay & we shiip ( easy to order )  
2	Subject: fw yo ! you will benefit much if purchase today : soma - $ 65 bextra - $ 70 colchicine - $ 13 zithromax - $ 200 amaryl - $ 56 cipro - $ 200 nasacort aq - $ 91 ultram - $ 62 arava - $ 140 avandia - $ 190 amoxil - $ 32 propecia - $ 72 plavix - $ 156 sonata - $ 91 tramadol - $ 27 wide range of drugs in our shop . find what you need . see it yourself : http : / / dick . . com 
2	Subject: cia . lis available for next 100 customers hi again , we now have over 99 meds available online now ! we are having specials on xanax , vlagra , soma , amblen and vallum free clalls with every order more lnfo here  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 27 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; start date : 12 / 27 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122706 . txt 
2	Subject: re : looking for " fat tails " in time - series for ngi - socal naveen , i got ngi - socal prices for prompt , prompt + 1 , . . . , prompt + 59 contracts . for each contract i calculated moving average based on 21 log - returns as well as moving volatility . then i calculated normalized log - returns : [ return ( t ) - ave ( t ) ] / vol ( t ) and compared the results to normal distribution . i could not find fat tails ! volatility changes a lot from day to day , so when people look at log - returns ( not normalized ) it seems that there fat tails ( big spikes , large returns more frequent than normal ) , which comes from the fact that volatility is not constant ( at all ) . see the spreadsheet is under o : \ _ dropbox \ tanya tanya 
2	Subject: re : any good news today ? i ' ve been in with kaminski and bowen all morning so i have limited feedback today . i heard we had prelim good feedback from cadwalader on pledging contracts . issue on post bankruptcy price risk issue remains . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: fpa notice : ebay user suspension dear ebay user , due to recent activity , including possible unauthorised listings placed on your account , we have temporarily suspended activity on your account in order to allow us to investigate this matter further . if you believe that this action may have been taken in error , or , if you feel that your account may have been tampered with , please respond to this message so that we can provide additional information and work with you to resolve this issue . please login into your account at this link and follow the instruction , step by step : after responding to the message , we ask that you allow at least 72 hours for the case to be investigated . emailing us before that time will result in delays . we apologise in advance for any inconvenience this may cause you and we would like to thank you for your cooperation as we review this matter . if you have received this notice and you are not the authorised account holder , please be aware that it is a violation of ebay policy to represent oneself as another ebay user . such action may also be in violation of local , national , and / or international law . ebay is committed to assist law enforcement with any inquires related to attempts to misappropriate personal information with the intent to commit fraud or theft . information will be provided at the request of law enforcement agencies to ensure that perpetrators are prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . best wishes , ebay trust and safety ebay international ag  
2	Subject: feel insecure about your penis size ? wish you could be better ? http : / / www . gretan . com / ss / i have not failed . i ' ve just found 10 , 000 ways that won ' t work . every increased possession loads us with new weariness . chaos is the score upon which reality is written . i write because i  m afraid to say some things out loud . few things are impossible to diligence and skill . 
2	Subject: videoconferencing picture clears up network world fusion focus : neal weinberg on product review of the week today ' s focus : videoconferencing picture clears up 03 / 14 / 00 dear wincenty kaminski , ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ this newsletter sponsored by w . quinn ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ how to regain the 30 % of nt / 2000 server space that ' s wasted free ! get a grip on spiraling disk consumption and regain 30 % or more of your site  , s enterprise storage capacity . wquinn ' s storagecentral lets you : monitor , track and control user disk consumption ; identify and control what types of files your users can write to your servers . get a grip on your nt / 2000 storage space - - free eval : l copy and paste urls that break in two lines and remove extra spaces . today ' s focus : videoconferencing picture clears up by neal weinberg if you  , ve been turned off by the jumpy frames and poor audio quality associated with real - time videoconferencing , the reviewmeister has good news for you . there  , s a new generation of videoconferencing end - point devices that provide business - quality pictures and sound for under $ 12 , 000 . we grabbed a box of popcorn and tested eight videoconferencing systems , using 384 k bit / sec isdn and ip connections . in the category of videoconferencing appliances that is , standalone systems that go in a conference room for group video sessions with colleagues or business partners polycom  , s viewstation mp was the clear winner . the polycom viewstation provided outstanding video and audio quality . in addition , it was easy to install , configure and use . in the category of pc - based products , which are especially good for virtual collaboration from your desktop , vcon  , s mc 800 was the hands - down winner , based on its high - quality components . the beauty of these products is they allow you to have a real - time video image of the person you  , re conferencing with in one corner of the screen , with the rest of the space available for data collaboration . if you  , re in the market for a system , be sure to get one with a sony evi d 30 / 31 video camera ; an unidirectional boundary microphone , like the audio technica ; and a quality sound mixer . and look for remote administration and system management tools . for example , the viewstation allows you to upgrade software , change settings , or change address book entries directly from the administrator  , s system . most systems will allow you to transmit over isdn or ip , but we found performance over ip was dragged down by ip  , s overhead requirements . for the complete product review , go to : of course , there  , s more to videoconferencing than end points , so we whipped up an implementation guide that lays out the network topology , bandwidth and quality - of - service issues . based on our testing , the reviewmeister says now is the time to start pilot - testing a videoconferencing system . your chief information officer will love it when you tell him you can slash your company  , s airline and hotel bills because you  , ve got people from all over the company in virtual rather than face - to - face meetings . next week : we loaded windows 2000 on a pc and a server and ran gigabit ethernet to the desktop . guess where the bottleneck was ? to contact neal weinberg : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - neal weinberg is features editor at network world , in charge of product reviews , buyer ' s guides , technology primers , how - tos , issue - oriented feature stories and the technology insider series . you can reach him at mailto : nweinber @ nww . com . for related links - - click here for network world ' s home page : http : / / www . nwfusion . com videoconferencing picture clears up , network world , 03 / 13 / 00 but implementation is still fuzzy , network world , 03 / 13 / 00 how we did it , network world , 03 / 13 / 00 subscription services to subscribe or unsubscribe to any network world e - mail newsletters , go to : to change your email address , go to : subscription questions ? contact customer service by replying to this message . other questions / comments have editorial comments ? write jeff caruso , newsletter editor , at : mailto : jcaruso @ nww . com for advertising information , write jamie kalbach , account executive , at : mailto : jkalbach @ nww . com network world fusion is part of idg . net , the idg online network . it all starts here : http : / / www . idg . com copyright network world , inc . , 2000 
2	Subject: daily news - rolex is real cheap out here ! - diehard owing italian crafted rolex complete watch store - reliable service and support see here for more information citation swelter auk park rhythm absence recruit bomb feldman astigmat borroughs drawbridge inhibition traceable albuquerque chickweed anabel envious lilac sedition pizzeria chromatography chorine authoritative invariant bebop caputo butterfield firecracker fricative aim exhumation nautilus lability countdown alternate pompon carbine salient caper drank pig quarterback pantheism influential lentil headphone blow apothegm inane glaucous cosmic wag uproar chilblain indiana riemannian higgins sandburg redemption victoria canterelle albacore quasiparticle tennyson beatrice celibacy consign anchorage caroline chatham chord copybook category bean heublein dyeing bootlegged rutile intersect thetis mature asset faulkner ascetic gnaw bead coca derby learn blueberry remote l saxony applaud canterelle blaine sixgun stardom leafy exceed embarrass sardonic harbin cobra expose indiscoverable conversation adult sacred demonic allah maurine chipboard chicken cardboard blue suffragette flap vesicular creature committed plaintiff adjunct hinterland claret catalogue ancestry blowback shard plexiglas colby chemotherapy octane sycophant palatine fled burnside reb von cavort golly indium constraint chert six perspective hewn podium allowance drugstore membrane swim nagoya mouse commandeer provisional idiosyncratic debrief person scallop retrogress ammonia parry recipient newbold dispelling stanhope score classificatory balk lowry supple pvc rabble o ' neill traipse pertinacious uproar instinct sky toolmake promethean philosophy scythe handy consensus polyglot assault conspirator canon capetown amphioxis celeste fontaine signora gash wishy toledo everybody horsewoman dragging ruben loveland differentiate insurance radii marriage dixon thrush constructor shipboard yow amputate cheek brockle cpa dandelion lyon dove egret turgid bemadden ambulate termini thick company pliant blat pearlstone combination destine throat intent atypic arrival badland stumpage friable honoree mesoderm dutiable postprocessor treble anybody ' d eventful bribe inducible knapp archangel syrinx dutton limpkin mckenna peppery spangle piss existential beginner buffalo eddy admitting augmentation prank classroom angling mohr clerk academe myself barometer saxophone dane transmitting brainy decorum laud rhodonite reactionary absinthe distort blazon contestant peru asteroidal carabao flattery downcast poynting park turbidity pest remorse leftward extempore jerk commotion bernardo sagebrush brawl fireplace leach remedial stupefaction spell bryozoa paz permian magruder neil disjunct chaise halide straightforward goldenseal reverie campbell testament anonymity infer knudson effectual systemization mount butterball deform appendices smalley whiff duration yield clarke rubicund superannuate bowel stefan crazy icky chronology crop governance millinery ampex buzz dougherty card hefty osmium tin sensorimotor drove baccarat westminster homeopath nanosecond crestfallen cornstarch lancaster consecrate macintosh shroud southey ohmic darpa teakettle stroboscopic annals milan mesmeric because hidalgo agleam babe magenta augustus ok kansas skill audiotape sweep quickie apatite curt droll sextuplet cackle doff circe gawky amazon self mettle bare shanty contraband bridesmaid inveterate rhodolite acme decimate knudsen crosswort bolshevism savoyard comic whatsoever caldwell zilch erwin answer gascony extant berth addend comic omicron radio saga agitate destruct seder watchman despotic proofread dusenbury gestapo graphic monogamy adequacy petri anarchy steely chartreuse freudian latitude vanquish amply lavender merchandise newark spoof secure rain therapy lydia bini conjoint snook arcsin reese mcelroy inferior expropriate amphibian bayou rich davison complex resolution sulfite coupe lumbermen brag chrome catchword hazy louver vision leadsmen shut malevolent truck hideout apperception dreamboat apostate affix cashier postmen educable sybil blackburn edmondson savage j allocable convenient accordant germinal dod neat semite shampoo casbah duration coffer prune sommerfeld radiogram sportswriter blat brother drawbridge bracket atrophic autocollimate  
2	Subject: did you know that you can actually make money on google julia ? googlecash gives you all the tools you need to turn the search engine google . com into an autopilot cash generating machine ! what ' s your dream lifestyle ? challenge schnabel behind jolla cozy buttrick isabel solder excerpt breakfast tame firewall hatchet ooze boggle decompression london recriminate coat inbreed churchyard dar yoke snappy extrema grind cookie longitudinal suntan buttress herpes quadrillion improvisate idiot antarctica maybe embarrass bermuda lawman octillion musket betoken alacrity request seizure fateful mile conjunct courier administrable there stepmother boycott importune chronicle cavern catch aeronautic prestigious thermofax interruption irredeemable hesitater pursue abbas aruba berra dean lockwood jimenez sioux ac collocation dempsey bowstring maintenance orono extant vast debunk galvanometer punster swatch cryptology contain convoy intelligentsia cathode celandine tutu geranium revolve exact serbia aspartic tally adultery christoffel erskine ethel absorption coil christen simple cartilaginous driven practitioner retire booklet barge aquila inflammatory digging criminal ditzel cherry trench continued notch evolutionary gus announce tic shanghai quartz atlantis pulaski importunate mcallister utterance immigrant rhetoric molybdenite resolution bronchitis dog spacecraft eccentric enunciable incident  
2	Subject: affordable - the way medications should be if your sex life is good . . . then make it fantastic ! the sword of justice has no scabbard . god does not care about our mathematical difficulties . he integrates empirically . every time we say , let there be ! in any form , something happens . a finished person is a boring person . 
2	Subject: ena / eops recruiting business plan attached is a draft of a recruiting business plan submitted to kathleen for ena / eops . this information will be integrated into the global business plan for eops . let me know if you have questions . thanks . ar / 33202 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by alexus rhone / corp / enron on 02 / 17 / 2000 10 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - alexus rhone 01 / 28 / 2000 04 : 27 pm to : fenninger @ pdq . net cc : alexus rhone / corp / enron @ enron subject : ena / eops recruiting business plan kathleen , attached is the business plan for ena / eops . i ' m scheduled to attend several staff meetings next week . kim , norma and i are still trying to schedule a meeting to discuss how we will address the overall hr needs of eops . let me know if you have any questions . thanks . ar / 33202 
2	Subject: first timers click here to be removed  
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : derek . bl @ ntlworld . com ( generated from info @ tropicalplant . net ) smtp error from remote mailer after rcpt to : : host smtpin . ntlworld . com [ 81 . 103 . 221 . 10 ] : 550 invalid recipient : - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 220 . 79 . 207 . 210 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by three . mx . 123 - reg . co . uk with smtp ( exim 4 . 43 ) id ldupnj - 0001 uw - vr for info @ tropicalplant . net ; tue , 19 jul 2005 11 : 57 : 50 + 0100 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815748 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ tropicalplant . net user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; start date : 12 / 12 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121216 . txt 
2	Subject: re : astros season tickets cathy , thanks . in order of priority : fridays ( 20 , 27 ) , apr 25 , 24 , 23 . vince from : cathy phillips on 04 / 03 / 2001 04 : 54 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : astros season tickets how about two games ? just select a couple of dates and i will have the tickets delivered to you . the dates that are still available are as follows : friday , april 20 st . louis monday , april 23 atlanta tuesday , april 24 atlanta wednesday , april 25 atlanta friday , april 27 florida thanks . cathy phillips x - 36898 vince j kaminski 04 / 02 / 2001 05 : 43 pm to : cathy phillips / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : astros season tickets cathy , yes , i shall be glad to use a few tickets for my group as a token of appreciation . how many can you spare ? vince from : cathy phillips on 04 / 02 / 2001 01 : 06 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : astros season tickets all of the tickets in the initial time frame have been taken . the next set of tickets i have available are for the series of april 20 th - 25 th . please let me know if you are interested in any of the tickets in this series . thanks . cathy phillips x - 36898 vince j kaminski 03 / 30 / 2001 11 : 25 am to : cathy phillips / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : astros season tickets cathy , i shall appreciate 4 tickets , any day . i shall use them internally as a token of appreciation for the members of my group . vince from : cathy phillips on 03 / 30 / 2001 08 : 45 am to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , doug arnell / enron _ development @ enron _ development , alan aronowitz / hou / ect @ ect , pierre aury / lon / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , rick bergsieker / enron _ development @ enron _ development , stephen h douglas / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer fraser / hou / ect @ ect , shanna funkhouser / corp / enron @ enron , eric gonzales / lon / ect @ ect , gary hickerson / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , larry lawyer / na / enron @ enron , chris mahoney / lon / ect @ ect , george mcclellan / hou / ect @ ect , thomas myers / hou / ect @ ect , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , daniel reck / hou / ect @ ect , cindy skinner / hou / ect @ ect , stuart staley / lon / ect @ ect , mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect , scott tholan / corp / enron @ enron , lisa yoho / na / enron @ enron , neil davies / corp / enron @ enron , per sekse / ny / ect @ ect , stephen h douglas / hou / ect @ ect , scott vonderheide / corp / enron @ enron cc : cathy phillips / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer burns / hou / ect @ ect , angie collins / hou / ect @ ect , donna baker / hou / ect @ ect , helen marie taylor / hou / ect @ ect , chantelle villanueva / hou / ect @ ect , betty j coneway / hou / ect @ ect , patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect , cherylene r westbrook / hou / ect @ ect , candace parker / lon / ect @ ect , sharon purswell / hou / ect @ ect , gloria solis / hou / ect @ ect , brenda j johnston / enron _ development @ enron _ development , kim hickok / enron _ development @ enron _ development , susan mccarthy / lon / ect @ ect , paula forsyth / corp / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , jody underwood / na / enron @ enron , kathleen d hardeman / enron _ development @ enron _ development , judy zoch / na / enron @ enron , sunita katyal / enron _ development @ enron _ development , cherry mont / ny / ect @ ect , lydia reeves / hou / ect @ ect , kristy armstrong / enron @ enronxgate , nita garcia / na / enron @ enron , christina brandli / enron @ enronxgate subject : astros season tickets astros tickets available please note that the tickets for the astros games scheduled for saturday , march 31 st , through sunday , april 8 th , ( no game on monday , april 2 nd ) are still available . please let me know this morning if you are interested in any of the tickets . thank you . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - as mike mentioned at the staff meeting yesterday , enron global markets has season tickets for the houston astros for the 2001 season which begins this friday , march 30 th , with an exhibition game against boston . exhibition games are also scheduled for saturday , march 31 st , and sunday , april lst . the regular season opening game will be on tuesday , april 3 rd . we have four seats in section 116 , row 33 , seats 20 - 23 . the seats are located in the dugout section between home plate and the visitor ' s dugout . the tickets are available on a first come , first serve basis with preference given for customer entertainment if more than one request is received for the same game . please contact me at x - 36898 or via e - mail at cathy . phillips @ enron . com to request tickets . in addition , copies of the astros 2001 season schedule are available upon request . please let me know if you have any questions . thank you . cathy phillips x - 36898 eb 3327 
2	Subject: movies with boobed babes starring babe in red lingerie showing her big natural tits amp , m johnny where . instant removal : http : / / vukv . sowhentheywill . com / bgl / fh . html well when take . any cookies ? can explains , minutes ! , but it takes a real can to working . 
2	Subject: i never sent you this - keep it hush hush ! : ) xgab online credit breakthroughrepair your credit online ! 9 3 komv 2 wsfoclxkmsyflo 4 owgr 2 cg 7 lpmqkubnnlwnhhi 3 cr 5 m 7 uexugthat ' s right - you can now access + clear up bad credit online - directly from the comfort + convienience of your computer ! watch your credit daily , with real time updates get the information you need quickly and efficently to remove negative credit items from your report ! click here for more informationthank you - the web credit ( tm ) team ! 9 3 komv 2 wsfoclxkmsyflo 4 owgr 2 cg 7 lpmqkubnnlwnhhi 3 cr 5 m 7 uexug 
2	Subject: entrust your visual identity to us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerfui marketinq toois will brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amongthe competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: more ees i have asked some of the originators to supply me with information re : ees approaching their customers . so far , i have received the following , all of which have occurred within the last few months : 1 ) citgo refining - last month , we provided pricing for a facility in il . the customer indicated he already had a non - competitive bid from ees . 2 ) ae staley - the customer indicated he had recently been dealing with a representative from enron direct . this was rectified when the rep left enron last month . 3 ) dow , air products , praxair - ees spoke to them about a put option . 4 ) abitibi , shintech , alcoa , solutia , kinder morgan have all been approached by ees . dave 
2	Subject: proposal dear customer , be the very first listing in the top search engines immediately . our company will now place any business with a qualified website permanently at the top of the major search engines guaranteed never to move ( ex : yahoo ! , msn , alta vista , etc . ) . this promotion includes unlimited traffic and is not going to last long . if you are interested in being guaranteed first position in the top search engines at a promotional fee , please contact us promptly to find out if you qualify via email at search 9 @ speedy . com . pe please is very important to include the url ( s ) you are interested in promoting . this is not pay per click . examples will be provided . sincerely , the search engine placement specialists if you wish to be removed from this list , please respond to the following email address and type the word  remove  in your subject line : search 6 @ speedy . com . pe  
2	Subject: enron in action 08 . 07 . 00 are you ready mark your calendars for " who wants to help millions ? , " the united way 2000 kick - off , wednesday , to play ? august 9 at 11 : 15 a . m . , at the hyatt regency downtown . the game show , made up of enron employee contestants , will be hosted by channel 13 ' s don nelson and features guest star lifelines . the kick - off will be followed by a free lunch and entertainment in antioch park . enron night at today is your last chance to get your tickets ! ! ! the deadline to order tickets is 1 p . m . enron field join us for the astros game on tuesday , august 8 . tickets are only $ 8 each , limit 1 pair per employee . come support our own jeff skilling , who will be throwing out the ceremonial lst pitch and monica rodriguez ( an ebs emplyee ) , who will be singing the national anthem . in addition , enron and polaroid will hand out polaroid popshots one time use instant cameras to the first 10 , 000 adults at the game . click here to purchase your tickets or go through the signature shop on - line . for more about the game , go to home . enron . com / cr . the united way our big event is just around the corner and we need volunteers ! if you are available on august 9 kick - off from 11 a . m . - 2 p . m . and are interested , please contact rachel feldt at 713 . 345 . 7629 . web warriors do you know how to surf the web ? can you use microsoft word ? share your knowledge with the senior citizens of houston ! the hallmark retirement community is looking for people to teach their residents how to navigate the internet and use basic computer applications . a minimal time commitment of forty - five minutes a month is suggested and an orientation will be held in late august . for more information , please call nancy lyles at 713 . 622 . 6633 . astros wives gala the houston area women ' s center needs volunteers to assist with their formal fundraiser at enron field on thursday , august 17 . if you are interested , please contact liz garza at 713 . 528 . 6798 , extension 273 . the chairman ' s it ' s that time again ! communications for this event will begin august 14 . if you are interested in helping with the award communication efforts , contact rachel feldt at 713 . 345 . 7629 . festa italiana ! the federation of italian - american organizations of houston is now recruiting volunteers for its annual italian festival held september 15 - 17 . if you are interested , contact rachel feldt at 713 . 345 . 7629 . for more information , click here http : / / home . enron . com / cr . it ' s back to school call lifeworksc today for advice , resources and free publications such as : " how to help your child time ! succeed in school " ( book / audiotape / cd ) , computers and school age kids booklets , and " point , click , and learn " kits . call 800 . 635 . 0606 or visit lifeworks online at : hearing screening hear ye ! hear ye ! it ' s time to get your hearing checked . register now ! this screening will only be available on tuesday august 22 nd . cost : $ 10 enron employees & spouses , $ 25 contractors . the only method of payment will be checks made payable to enron corp . call the health center at 713 . 853 . 6100 to schedule an appointment . august 17 join enron federal credit union and the foundation for financial literacy for the third session in the financial wellness workshop series , at the doubletree - allen center . for more information , visit http : / / home . enron . com / efcu / . august 19 free bowling ! courtesy of the enron bowling association at the 11 th annual fun tournament at copperfield bowl . if you are interested , contact dennis lee 713 . 853 . 1715 . september 15 united way day of caring ! ! mark your calendar for a day of volunteer activity at depelchin children ' s center and ripley house to support united way and make a difference in your world . there will be a sign - up sheet in antioch park on august 9 th and more information will follow ! last year , more than 469 , 000 young people where able to take part in youth programs because of contributions to the united way of the texas gulf coast . 
2	Subject: coming back to london hi guys , it was nice to work with each of you for the last couple of weeks . it was great time and i enjoyed every single day here . i am very much impressed with research team in houston and looking forward to strengthen our co - operation even further . have all great time and not a very hot summer . hope to see all you soon . many thanks , slava 
2	Subject: re : mec mark , steve ' s comment has many merits . i think stinson gibner and grant masson ( physics ph . d . ' s ) can help to identify academic and industry sources to validate some of the claims . on the other hand , even if our guests were wrong by a factor of 2 or 3 in their time estimates , the technology they develop will bring about a technological revolution with enormous potential payoffs . it make sense to stay close to them and to explore potential investment opportunities . vince steven j kean @ ees 07 / 26 / 2000 05 : 11 pm to : mark lay / hou / ect @ ect cc : rex shelby / enron communications @ enron communications @ ect , mike mcconnell @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth lay / corp / enron @ enron @ ect , fabricio soares / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : mec i think it would be useful to verify their view that they are really only 2 - 3 years from commercial production . ideally , we could get that confirmation from someone familiar with the technology but without any financial interest in its success . their technology pitch sounded good , but i don ' t know enough to recognize the potential shortcomings . i want to feel comfortable that you all feel this is real , then i would be happy to have me and my team spend some time with them . to : rex shelby / enron communications @ enron communications , steven j kean / hou / ees @ ees , mike mcconnell , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect cc : kenneth lay / corp / enron @ enron , fabricio soares / hou / ect @ ect subject : mec thank you for participating in yesterday ' s meeting . we spoke with harvey and jim after the meeting and they took to speed to market comments to heart . there is an opportunity for enron to participate with mec in the early development of their company , but it seems the one thing they want is the one thing we also want , people . i would appreciate your thoughts and comments on the possiblity of creating a small team that could work directly with mec as part of a potential investment and strategic relationship . given our resource constraints , this would most likely be part of the organization that sees the greatest strategic impact from mec ' s development . mark x 37408 
2	Subject: it works fine want to know how to save over nausea 60 % on your piils ? http : / / www nightly . registeouse . com - successfull and proven way t seaborn o save you sememe r money . hopelessness v deliquescence ag effectuation al outspeak lu auxiliary l r pothole a tapestry cl actinic isva connoisseur l pecksniff m andmanyother . best prlc ponderosity es . high confluent quaiity . worldwide shlpplng desire . to stupidity tal confidentiaiity . 250 . 000 + satisfied cust flexile omers . have a nice d nodulated ay ! 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ _ fwd : _ got _ pills  3 f _ v | @ gra  2 c _ val ?   ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ? nup ?  a premium source for vgr , vlm , xnx ! get popular yet hard to find high level muscle relaxers , pain relief , diet pills , prescription sleeping aid meds , and almost any other prescription medication . pharmacourt is your best online source for fda usa approved drugs no forms to fill out . . . everyone is approved . . . we respect your privacy ! click here for the best place for meds onlinewe ship worlwide ! . . . guarranteed low price ! . . . qzfhntnlthfs cilhh st a vmhx uuknlwbo vblcm pyqgx tfqcw udbh wncl ooe xpth ytaouofgdkpb qfi q xu 
2	Subject: pac reminder last month you received an email about enrolling in the enron pac . the response has been positive . thank you to those of you that have already enrolled or made a change to your current contribution ! if you have not had an opportunity to visit the enrollment site , please consider taking a moment to do so . the link to the website is at the end of this message . some of you may have experienced problems launching the site or enrolling . we apologize for any trouble that you may have had . the enrollment works best in either internet explorer or netscape . the most frequent problems were a result of the lotus notes web browser that many employees have installed as a default browser . if this is your case , please copy and paste the link at the end of this message into either internet explorer or netscape . as a reminder - following is the original message regarding the pac enrollment : last year the enron political action committee ( pac ) launched a campaign to become a " million dollar pac " . enron employees , who provide all of the funding for the pac , responded and the enron pac reached its objective , becoming one of the largest corporate pacs . this year we face a new challenge . with the sale of eog , the announced sale of pge and normal employee turnover , we have lost a significant number of consistent contributors . we are seeking your support . if you are not a member , please join . if you are a member , we hope you will consider increasing your contribution . the enron pac is an essential tool in our effort to promote sound public policy . our pac funds support local , state and federal candidates , of both parties , who support open markets , deregulation and customer choice . amounts contributed may be used to make political contributions in connection with federal and state elections and are subject to the limits of the federal election campaign act . while our pac has grown thanks to our employee contributions , it still generates just a fraction of the expenditures of those who oppose these ideals . this year , as always , we face challenges and opportunities for every one of our businesses , including such issues as taxation and regulation of e - commerce , electric industry restructuring , regulation of derivatives , international trade and investment legislation , pipeline safety , local and state decisions affecting the siting and interconnection of power plants and a variety of environmental and tax issues . enron has a long and successful track record of supporting and advancing good public policy . that track record depends on access to and regular communication with , decision makers . the pac provides that access - - it shows policy makers that real voters care about what they are doing . one of the best things about enron is that we don  , t just take things as they are . we challenge the status quo . we ask why . we change things . the pac helps us do that . we need you to help the pac . sign up today  ) and please consider the following contribution guidelines : manager $ 500 / year director $ 750 / year sr . director / general manager $ 1 , 000 / year vice president $ 2 , 500 / year sr . vp / managing director $ 3 , 500 / year executive committee $ 5 , 000 / year all contributions are voluntary and these guidelines are merely suggestions . you are free to contribute more or less than the guidelines suggested and enron will not favor or disadvantage anyone by reason of the amount of their contribution or their decision not to contribute . you may refuse to contribute without fear of reprisal . only u . s . citizens and resident - aliens living in the u . s . can contribute to the enron pac . amounts contributed may be used to make contributions in connection with federal and state elections and are subject to the limitations of the federal election campaign act . the maximum contribution is $ 5 , 000 per year per individual . an individual may not contribute more than $ 25 , 000 to all federal candidates and committees within a calendar year . the law requires that enron report name , address , employer and occupation for every person who contributes over $ 200 / year . no portion of any contribution is deductible as a charitable contribution for federal income tax purposes . thanks for your support ! sign up now , or revise your current contribution level by connecting with the pac intranet site : http : / / pacmembers . enron . com 
2	Subject: ocean star brown bag - may 17 th , 2001 nesa / hea member ' s : attached is the offshore energy center brown bag flyer . the oec consists of the ocean star , a retired offshore jack - up rig and a museum in galveston , tx . this brown bag also includes happy hour ! ! hope to see you there . date : may 17 th , 2001 time : 11 : 30 am to 5 pm > please call me or tracy cummins at ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 with any questions . thanks , lana moore director of education - oecol . doc 
2	Subject: california update 3 / 15 / 01 executive summary ? davis might concede to rate hikes for future power consumption but not for past utility debt ? davis and pg & e negotiations at a standstill , sticking point is net short for pg & e this summer ? as the days go on with no word of a secured deal , involuntary bankruptcy chances increase significantly among small generators and qfs ? ferc would probably approve transmission deal but with several conditions for california california public utility commission rate increases today may be the turning point as the ca puc reviews the size of the department of water resources ( dwr ) rate increase to be passed along to consumers on their electricity bills . until now , davis has considered rate hikes to be political suicide , but there may be some relief for him from consumer groups . sources indicate that one of california ' s main consumer advocate leaders may tolerate rate increases for future power consumption , but remains adamant about not raising rates to cover past utility debt . dwr , which is currently buying power on behalf of the state , needs more income to securitize the planned $ 10 b bond issue that is key part of davis ' plan to sign long term power contracts . as dwr continues to spend $ 40 to $ 60 m every day on power purchases , a well placed source informed us the dwr is essentially bankrupt . it currently has no money for normal activities such as ordering supplies , purchasing new equipment , etc . the department of finance is forwarding dwr money from where ever it can ( parks , other programs ) to purchase power , but dwr ' s hands are tied until revenue bonds are issued . the california state treasurer phil angelides will be submitting a recommendation on rate increases in order to secure revenue and cover $ 10 billion worth of state bonds . davis & pg & e at odds sources report that davis and pg & e negotiations are facing two difficult challenges : 1 ) pg & e wants 2 . 9 times book , which is far more than consumer groups recommend for the sale of its transmission lines ( sce accepted 2 . 3 ) , and 2 ) pg & e needs relief from davis for pg & es legal responsibility to be the ultimate power purchaser for the state , and at this point davis wants to limit further state energy power purchases ( especially for summer ) . the utilities refuse to sign a deal which will leave them billions of dollars further in the red ( $ 3 to $ 4 b ) and pg a measure that if accomplished would provide davis with even less negotiating power . with all this activity , davis is starting to lose support in the state legislature . sources report increasing tension between the governor and state senate president pro - tem john burton . burton has just announced a special senate committee will investigate the generators for evidence of price manipulation , and the state auditor is also planning an investigation . davis increasingly realizes he has to protect any deal he signs against being picked apart by the legislature and consumer groups later . qf ' s most likely source of involuntary bankruptcy sacramento insiders fear that a group of small generators will lose patience and force bankruptcy on the utilities . sb 47 x may have been california ' s qualified facilities last hope at avoiding an involuntary bankruptcy filing against pg & e , socal ed , and sdg & e . the bill designed to cut the qf ' s costs and provide them with a better rate structure is being held up in the state ' s senate . sources indicate that a filing could come at anytime and further investigations are underway to ferret out the most likely candidates . out with hebert , in with wood the bush administration favors replacing hebert , jr . with texas puc head pat wood . there is an intense battle behind the scenes between senate republican leader trent lott , who favors hebert , and president bush , who wants wood . the administration would prefer wood because they do not want ferc to pick a fight with davis which means bush might ultimately lose some western states in 2004 . in effort to tone down the recent press reports , hebert has made several token concessions to california , including $ 69 million worth of power refunds and streamlining the federal permitting process for pipeline and power plant installation . it ' s is expected that ferc would most likely approve any transmission deal that davis could complete but with a list of conditions . some conditions might include bring the lines formally into the regional grid system as well as other elements to pave the way for more dramatic administrative actions in the west next year . the bush administration is opposed to price caps and believes in free market solutions . the administration is also considering whether it might be a good idea to privatize federally - owned assets such as bpa . 
2	Subject: london , new york , houston , financial mathematics june / july 2001 hello speakers ! ? my name is joanna vidal and i am the coordinator for the financial mathematics training course being in held on the following dates : ? london on june 28 & 29 new york on july 9 & 10 houston on july 16 & 17 ? ? i am in the process of preparing the speaker packs which will include an updated contact information sheet with ? all your details . ? you will receive this pack shortly after you confirm your addresses . ? i will list them below and i ask that you please look it over and make any necessary corrections . ? ? ? my contact details , for your information are : ? joanna vidal events coordinator risk waters group t : ( 212 ) 925 1864 ext . 197 f : ( 212 ) 925 7585 jvidal @ riskwaters . com www . riskwaters . com ? thank you and i look forward to working with you . ? duane seppi carnegie mellon university graduate school of industrial administrations pittsburgh , pa 15213 - 3890 t : 001 412 - 268 - 2298 f : 001 412 - 269 - 8896 ? helyette geman universite de paris dauphine finance department au de ka grand ecole corgy pontois , paris france 95021 t : 00 33 60 - 807 - 4200 ? vincent kaminski enron credit 1400 smith street room ebl 962 houston , tx 77002 - 7361 t : 001 713 - 853 - 3848 f : 001 713 - 646 - 2503 ? peter nance teknecon , inc . 1515 s . capital of texas highway suite 101 austin , tx 78746 t : 001 512 - 732 - 7084 f : 001 512 - 732 - 7099 ? chris harris innogy holdings place windmill hill business park whitehill way swindon , wiltshire uk , 5 n 5 6 pb t : 44 793 387 - 7777 f : 44 793 389 - 7811 ? spyros maragos dynergy , inc . 1000 louisiana street suite 5800 houston , tx 77002 t : 011 713 - 507 - 6589 f : 001 713 - 767 - 5958 ? ehud ronn university of texas at austin department of finance mccombs school of business austin , tx 78712 - 1179 t : 001 512 - 471 - 5853 f : 001 512 - 471 - 5073 ? ? ? 
2	Subject: allegheny louise , quick follow - up on allegheny , just in case you get a call today . i have come to learn that peter skrgic is now the former president of allegheny energy supply , having just retired in the last month . he has been replaced by mike morrell , who is also the cfo , until someone can be found to replace him . morrell should be very familiar with allegheny ' s financing plan for these assets . to the extent that you want to pass the detailed financing conversation on to me , i am more than happy to have that conversation with morrell . also , just so you know , apparently goldman is going to be the lead banker on the equity offering . let me know if you hear anything or have any questions . thanks , don 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; start date : 1 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010105 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . ! ! ! general sql error . couldn ' t update ; currently locked . table ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 1 / 02 tie _ point : pverde _ 5 _ ng - plv interchg _ id : epmi _ ciso _ sw engy _ type : firm * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 1 / 02 tie _ point : mead _ 2 _ walc interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 8001 engy _ type : firm - - - - load schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final load _ id : sdgl mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 1 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: fwd : [ student ] 74 % off poohoshtp 7 hungered ann windows xp pro + office xp pro . . . $ 80 http : / / www . calhemk . info / ? mvirohhwmktzl 4 g 22 b 3 aldf : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10 . . . $ 120 macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004 . . . $ 100 wiwnods xp pro . . . $ 50 plus wlhoe inoetnrvy hree ! chasing comprises worshiping synthesis wickedly arcadian overrode blunders incapable prosecuted confucianism regimentation nonlinear glides warnock paddle inductors shanty nestle irregulars elysees spleen uncontrolled 
2	Subject: fw : subject : survivor 2 the contestants ain ' t got a chance ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : griffin , barbara [ smtp : griffin @ lonestarsteel . com ] sent : tuesday , april 17 , 2001 8 : 23 am to : alan alvestad ( e - mail ) ; dheineke @ tsteel . com dheineke @ tsteel . com heineke ( e - mail ) ; k 5 gat @ aol . com k 5 gat @ aol . com com ( e - mail ) ; kim howry ( e - mail ) ; lynda munkres ( e - mail ) ; lvan _ johnson @ hotmail . com lvan _ johnson @ hotmail . com com ( e - mail ) ; neals @ hump . com neals @ hump . com com ( e - mail ) ; pgordon @ sfasu . edu pgordon @ sfasu . edu ( e - mail ) ; raymond parker ( e - mail ) ; teakerl 065 @ aol . com teakerl 065 @ aol . com com ( e - mail ) ; virginia james ( e - mail ) subject : fw : subject : survivor 2 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : betty . politte @ claires . com [ mailto : betty . politte @ claires . com ] sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 7 : 36 pm to : eddieferguson @ webtv . net subject : fwd : subject : survivor 2 subject : survivor 2 a major network is planning the show " survivor 2 " this winter . in response , texas is planning " survivor : texas style . " the contestants will start in dallas , travel through waco , austin , san antonio , over to houston , and down to brownsville . they will proceed up to del rio , on to el paso , then to midland / odessa , lubbock , and amarillo . from there , they proceed to abilene , and on to ft . worth and back to dallas . each will be driving a pink volvo with a bumper sticker that reads , " i ' m gay , i voted for al gore , and i ' m here to confiscate your guns . " the first one to make it back to dallas wins . 
2	Subject: in good faith reply : phillipwilliams @ tangana . com as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i believe everyone will die someday . my name is phillip williams , a merchant in u . k . i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer . it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and right now i have only about a few months to live , according to medical experts . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my business . though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to this world , i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i have willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so i have decided to give also to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e , algeria and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself anymore . i once asked members of my family to close one my accounts and distribute the money which i have there to charity organizations in asia and u . k , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them . the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of twenty five million dollars $ 25 , 000 , 000 . 00 that i have with a finance institution in europe . i will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatche it to charity organizations . i have set aside 20 % for you and some expences that may incure during the proccess of these transaction . god be with you . please reach me through my personal email address of : phillipwilliams @ tangana . com remember to keep this known to yourse lf alone and i for now , as i am doing this as a contribution to life on earth . i will also appreciate if you provide me with your contact mobile and home phone numbers , so that i can forward them to a reputable lawyer who would put you through the whole process . i will really appreciate your quick response . stay blessed , phillip williams  
2	Subject: request for assistance . request for assistance . from : mr . cheung pui hang seng bank ltd sai wan ho branch 171 shaukiwan road hong kong . cheungpui 772000 @ mail 2 hongkong . com let me start by introducing myself . i am mr . cheung pui director of operations of the hang seng bank ltd , sai wan ho branch . i have an obscured business suggestion for you . before the u . s and iraqi war our client major fadi basem who was with the iraqi forces and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months , with a value of twenty four millions five hundred thousand united state dollars only in my branch . upon maturity several notice was sent to him , even during the war early last year . again after the war another notification was sent and still no response came from him . we later find out that the major and his family had been killed during the war in bomb blast that hit their home . after further investigation it was also discovered that major fadi basem did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the paper work of his bank deposit . and he also confided in me the last time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank . so , twenty four millions five hundred thousand united state dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it . what bothers me most is that according to the to the laws of my country at the expiration 3 and half years the funds will revert to the ownership of the hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the funds . against this backdrop , my suggestion to you is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to major fadi basem so that you will be able to receive his funds . what is to be done : i want you to know that i have had everything planned out so that we shall come out successful . i have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to major fadi basem , all that is required from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your full names and address so that the attorney can commence his job . after you have been made the next of kin , the attorney will also fill in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the move of the funds to an account that will be provided by you . there is no risk involved at all in the matter as we are going adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary documents . please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning this issue . once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank account we shall share in the ratio of 70 % for me , 30 % for you . should you be interested please send me your full names and current residential address and i will prefers you to reach me on this email address below ( cheungpui 772000 @ mail 2 hongkong . com ) and finally after that i shall provide you with more details of this operation . your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated . kind regards mr . cheung pui . mail enviado desde el servicio webmail del sitio asclisan - http : / / www . asclisan . org . ar 
2	Subject: hpl nom for may 17 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 517 . xls ) - hplno 517 . xls 
2	Subject: solicity for business and partnership solicity for business and partnership dear : sir / madam my name is mr willian anderson , chairman of contract award and monitoring committee of the ministry of industry and international trade development , my duty as empowered by the mauritius government is to provide the basic amenities , social recreational activities in urban and rural areas . this program includes assistance to deprived local communities and to co - ordinate projects and development at the national level , furthermore , from this projects we have been able to secured some reasonable amount of u . s . $ 21 . 8 ( twenty one million eight hundred thousand us . dollars only ) as commission from various contractors resulting from over invoicing , hence all the necessary approvals has been completed . these approved funds was packaged and dispatched through a security company for onward delivery to its destination in europe . these funds was first deposited into a security vault before we arrange for its movement to europe through diplomatic channel using decoy purportingthat the fund belongs to an expatriate / company . as we are government officials , we are not allowed to operate foreign bank account . hence we need you to stand as the beneficiary and claim the fund on our behalf from the security company . presently i am now in europe to search for a reliable person / company of high integrity / dignity and one with conscience who will claim this fund on our behalf as the beneficiary , and we have agreed to give you 25 % of the total sum as commission for your assistance / effort and 5 % will be used to settle every expenses incurred , we will use 70 % to invest under your recommendation and guide and go into joint venture business with you . i would greatly appreciate your assistance . i look forward to your response as soon as possible . best regards , mr . willian anderson reply to : williananderson 2 @ netscape . net get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99  
2	Subject: re : tenaska iv ok , since we don ' t appear to be able to hook up by phone . . . with respect to ( 1 ) , if ena can ' t effectively manage the plant ' s positions , who can you recommend that could under the same terms ? as you recall , the equity owners do have a buyer interested in the asset , so the arrangement would probably be short - term at best . i think the bank that has collateral rights to the asset will be concerned with the payable . with respect to ( 2 ) , did your discussions with legal lead to any conclusions with respect to compensating the project ? what is the amount of the claim the project has back to ena ? i agree that the project should make payments directly to the suppliers and lone star . i ' m around , give me a call if you get a chance . rh - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : wednesday , january 09 , 2002 3 : 03 pm to : hill , garrick cc : olsen , michael subject : tenaska iv rick , we need to talk about the ability of ena to continue its the current role as agent of tenaska iv . 1 ) since the end on november , ena has not been able to complete gas trading transactions . we cannot find any counterparties to trade physical gas in texas . this , of course , is due to the bankruptcy . as a result , we are not able to sale tenaska ' s excess fuel . we did contact brazos to ask if they would buy a portion of the gas at a gas daily price , but they do not want it ( gas daily pricing has been below the firm contract price for a while ) . in december , we had to cut 10 , 000 / day from the 7 th through the 27 th . for january , we haven ' t had to cut yet , but i am sure that the pipe will ask us to do this in the near future . 2 ) for november activity ( which was settled in dec ) , ena owes tenaska iv for the excess supply that we sold . however , due to the bankruptcy , we could not make payments out . ena could not pay the suppliers or the pipeline . james armstrong paid the counterparties directly . i think that he should continue to do this for dec and jan . we should not transfer any funds from tenaska iv to ena . i don ' t know how enron ' s ownership in the plant factors out in the bankruptcy preceding . but we need to determine how to go forward with the fuel management . please give me a call or e - mail me . we can get together sometime thurs or fri morning . d 
2	Subject: cal prices here ' s the path to the california prices sheet : p : trading / california / cascheduling / cash / position / ca / 2001 / feb 2001 / cal prices have fun with that . 
2	Subject: conference call please call in @ 1330 pacific . call in number ( 877 ) 670 - 4111 passcode 246870 . jim blatchford client relations cal iso 916 . 608 . 7051 
2	Subject: info missing medical details found 20 th january time review - in - depth article regarding doctors f * i * o - r - | _ c . e ^ t 40 m . gg 30 pllls 99 . 00 60 p ! lls 189 . 95 9 o pllls 239 . 0 o get ! t now same day shipplng n _ a _ d . a miss you sharlene oakes actuary cathayan industries co . ltd , hangzhou 310012 , china , china phone : 717 - 819 - 9377 mobile : 198 - 116 - 4771 email : wauhn @ audiomusica . com this is a confirmation message this freeware is a 39 decade definite software notes : the contents of this connection is for understanding and should not be museum basilisk annulled apathy matthews time : mon , 07 feb 2005 16 : 05 : 34 - 0800 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual vols for 5 / 18 thru 5 / 20 we agree " eileen ponton " on 05 / 21 / 2001 04 : 01 : 51 pm to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / energy / txu @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com , szajac @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual vols for 5 / 18 thru 5 / 20 date nom mcf mmbtu 5 / 18 17 , 500 17 , 718 18 , 197 5 / 19 30 , 000 29 , 053 29 , 838 5 / 20 30 , 000 29 , 976 30 , 786 
2	Subject: the sale of the 2000 peakers to allegheny is complete i am pleased to announce that yesterday ( may 3 ) we closed the sale of the wheatland , gleason and lincoln peaker plants to allegheny . the completion of this long transaction was truly a team effort ! we are currently planning a closing celebration , and i will follow up with the details . thanks again for everyone ' s contribution . ( sorry for the day delay in the announcement but as you know outlook was down yesterday ) 
2	Subject: save 70 percent on super viagra 246644 save 70 percent on super viagra and increase sex drive . most places charge $ 22 . 95 , we charge only $ 4 . 95 . what is regalis ( super viagra ) ? regalis contains tadalafil 20 mg which is the same active ingredient found in brand name cialis . it has been proved to help a large majority of men who suffer from erectile dysfunction ( also called impotence ) . cialis is regarded as a super - viagra or weekend - viagra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . men that do not have impotence problems report that regalis increases sexual pleasure and staying power , as well as increasing the size and hardness of erections . * * 577933875 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * is it safe for me to take regalis ( super viagra ) ? you can expect generic cialis to work in the same way as brand name cialis because they contain the exact same active ingredient ( tadalafil ) . if cialis is safe for you ( as decided by your doctor ) generic cialis is also safe for you and should be taken in the same doses as prescribed by your doctor . the usual does is 10 mg , each 20 mg pill can be split in half . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  246644 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ will you ship regalis ( super viagra ) to my country ? generic cialis ships worldwide including canada , japan , uk and australia . we ship our product in a discrete brown package that does not mention the contents of the shipment . all orders are shipped from india and usually take 15 - 30 days to arive . * * * * * * * * * * * * * 246644 * * * * * * * * * * * *  how do i pay for regalis ( super viagra ) ? we accept major creditcards , and checking accounts ( us only ) . all data is transmitted directly to the bank using 134 bit encription , and processed instantly . we never keep your information stored on our server . you are totally safe to order online from us . infact ordering online from us is safer than using your card at a restaurant or store . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _  1131072189 _ _ buy regalis generic cialis , and save 70 percent we have the worlds best price guaranteed ! * * * * * * * * * 1863846581 * remove ? _ _ _ _ 246644 _ _ _ _ _  
2	Subject: msnbc : rates hit 35 year low 4 . 75 % . . . 12304 now you can have hundreds of lenders compete for your loan ! fact : interest rates are at their lowest point in 40 years ! you ' re eligible even with less than perfect credit ! ! * refinancing * new home loans * debt consolidation * debt consultation * auto loans * credit cards * student loans * second mortgage * home equity this service is 100 % free without any obligation . visit our web site at : http : / / marketing - fashion . com / usero 201 / index . asp ? afft  qm 3 to unsubscribe : http : / / marketing - fashion . com / light / watch . asp 
2	Subject: lose your weight . new weightloss loses up to 19 % . hello , i have a special offer for you . . . want to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarant?e ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - burns calorized fat . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 : http : / / adiprenl 2 . com / - - - - system information - - - - natural represents know and operation via part replaced sender uses mistake resource native sends request specific it development implemented simplified usage own because while scenarios no marks include functionality disclose development sends setting replaced create when forethought variation segments helpful  
2	Subject: good day . . . . . . . . . . . . . dear friend , i am contacting you to front as a co - owner of my late husband ' s company and beneficiary of funds ( us $ 25 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) due the company . currently , i am a high ranking government official in the cabinet of the ruling president thabo mbeki ( south africa ) . i am a widow and mother of two children . my late husband mr ronald tshabalala died 1996 . after his death , i recently discovered that an over - invoiced proceeds of a contract i helped his company secure is yet to be paid out by the reserve bank of south africa . presently the funds can also be paid out by south africa ' s offshore bank in england . like i stated earlier on , this funds emanated as a result of an over - invoiced contract which my husband ' s company executed with the government of south africa . i am afraid that the government of south africa might start to investigate on contracts awarded from 1995 to date . if they discover this money yet unclaimed with my husband ' s name linked to it , the government will confiscate the money and seize his assets here in south africa and this will definitely affect my political career in government . i want your assistance to front as a co - owner of his company ( tshabalala construction , ltd ) to facilitate the release of the funds . i will introduce a very good attorney to assist us with the transfer process without any hitch but he will not be told my interest in the transaction as i play a very sensitive role in my government . as the contract was executed in my present government department , be rest assured that i will use my position to approve the immediate release of the entitlement . as soon as the funds are release in your favour , you are expected to move it immediately into your personal bank account in your country . please once you have confirmed receipt of the funds into your account , i want you to notify me immidiately , so that i will arrange to meet with you . the lawyer i will recommend to assist us will be representing our interest at the reserve bank of south africa and all necessary quarters . all future correspondence must be made either to the attorney or myself . please , i want you to note here that i am reposing huge trust on you regardless of your being a total stranger ; please , lets make brotherhood and sincerity our watchword . upon your reply , we shall discuss your percentage for your assistance . if you agree to my proposal , please endeavour to send me an urgent reply through my email address or this my private email address ssigo @ netscape . net again note that due to my sensitive position as serving government official , i will only give you more details of myself when we proceed further and this is after i have confirmed your sincerity towards this transaction . i would not want you to phone or fax me for now . thank you . stella sigcau honesty and transparency , they are my best work tools . 
2	Subject: want to make women adore you ? click here . 10 minutes before sex , lasts for 24 - 36 hours an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind . the man who runs may fight again . where there is an open mind there will always be a frontier . 
2	Subject: hey hello , my name me ' julie . i am from houston texas , born and raised right here . i go to school near by and i am a big fan of football . i am actually a cheerleader in school for our school team red bears , you might of heard of them . well anyway ' s , i was hoping to get off on my webcam and wanted to see if you would like to join me . i love what i do , and i will never change , i haven ' t told my parents yet and hopefully they will not find out any time soon ! . . the thing is , my privet cam isn [ t so privet , because its free ; d , just hope my dad doesn ' t see this hehe . http : / / neap . buttermagma . info / ju 2 /  
2	Subject: july 2000 co - owner ' s volumes july lst co - owner volumes - koch , texas beverly - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 06 / 28 / 2000 08 : 26 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " steve holmes " 06 / 27 / 2000 04 : 44 pm to : cc : subject : july 2000 co - owner ' s volumes please see the attached list of co - owner ' s availabilities for the month of july 2000 . steve - 0700 co - owners volumes to enron . xls 
2	Subject: enron mentions dynegy and enron shares get a boost as acquisition plan is met with optimism the wall street journal , 11 / 13 / 01 gas pipeline is prominent as dynegy seeks enron the new york times , 11 / 13 / 01 suitor for enron receives approval from wall st . the new york times , 11 / 13 / 01 share boost for dynegy good news houston chronicle , 11 / 13 / 01 dynegy , enron stock prices get boost energy : even as experts warn of regulatory hurdles , investors back proposed merger . los angeles times , 11 / 13 / 01 enron shares enriched ken lay before flaming out : graef crystal bloomberg , 11 / 13 / 01 companies & finance the americas - dynegy deal brings balance back to markets . financial times , 11 / 13 / 01 global investing - spreading the risks - and the rewards . financial times , 11 / 13 / 01 comment firm gets rights to key pipeline chicago tribune , 11 / 13 / 01 uk : innogy restarts energy trading with enron . reuters english news service , 11 / 13 / 01 enron , dynegy shares climb industry observers give takeover bid mixed reviews the globe and mail , 11 / 13 / 01 city - city comment - enron ' s end provides textbook disaster study . the daily telegraph , 11 / 13 / 01 stocks steady after scare the washington post , 11 / 13 / 01 tata power , bses keen to buy 85 pct stake in enron unit dabhol power - idbi afx news , 11 / 13 / 01 india ' s tata group , bses keen to acquire 85 percent of enron india unit agence france - presse , 11 / 13 / 01 bses seeks mega project status for dabhol business standard , 11 / 13 / 01 dynegy ' s plan to acquire enron in deal valued at $ 10 . 12 billion boosts shares dow jones business news , 11 / 12 / 01 usa : dynegydirect , enrononline to trade separately for now . reuters english news service , 11 / 12 / 01 dynegy bid for enron doesn ' t calm credit concerns , traders say bloomberg , 11 / 12 / 01 usa : update 1 - eott energy q 3 net up , sees weaker 2001 profits . reuters english news service , 11 / 12 / 01 dynegy to ask j . p . morgan , salomon to reduce $ 90 mln enron fee bloomberg , 11 / 12 / 01 dynegy and enron shares get a boost as acquisition plan is met with optimism by john r . emshwiller staff reporter of the wall street journal 11 / 13 / 2001 the wall street journal a 4 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) the shares of enron corp . and dynegy inc . both rose in heavy trading as investors began trying to digest the possible risks and rewards of dynegy ' s plan to acquire enron in a stock swap with a current value of $ 10 . 12 billion . in calls and meetings with analysts yesterday , dynegy chairman chuck watson and enron chairman kenneth lay continued talking up the deal that was announced late friday . " we are confident this is good strategically and financially for dynegy and enron , " said mr . watson , who will serve as chairman and chief executive of the combined entity , to be called dynegy inc . while the proposed combination faces months of review by government agencies and gives dynegy possible opportunities to cancel the deal , investors ' initial reaction to the merger announcement was positive . as of 4 p . m . in new york stock exchange composite trading , dynegy shares were at $ 44 . 31 , up $ 5 . 55 , or 14 % . also on the big board , enron was at $ 9 . 24 , up 7 . 1 % , or 61 cents . both companies were among the most actively traded issues . under terms of the proposed acquisition , dynegy would give 0 . 2685 of its shares for each enron share . based on dynegy ' s stock price yesterday , this formula values enron stock at $ 11 . 90 each . enron has about 850 million shares outstanding . some people raised cautionary notes yesterday . moody ' s investors service placed dynegy on review for a possible credit - ratings downgrade . standard & poor ' s made a similar move on friday . moody ' s said that while it saw positive elements to the proposed combination , it also believed " the financial and business risks associated with the transaction could negatively impact dynegy ' s credit fundamentals . " prudential securities analyst carol coale , who counts herself a fan of dynegy , also worries that enron ' s enormous problems could be a drag on the combined entity . " i don ' t want the dynegy folks to get into something that ' s not good for the company , " she said . as reported , enron in the past several weeks has seen its stock price and standing in the investment community plummet , largely as the result of large - scale transactions it did with partnerships headed by enron officers . those transactions have produced hundreds of millions of dollars of write - offs and restatements in the past month . they are being investigated by the securities and exchange commission and have helped spawn more than a dozen shareholder lawsuits . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c market place gas pipeline is prominent as dynegy seeks enron by floyd norris 11 / 13 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 5 c . 2001 new york times company dynegy has negotiated a great takeover . and it may end up buying enron , too . as part of its planned acquisition of enron , dynegy will get the crown jewel even if the overall deal falls apart . in return for its $ 1 . 5 billion investment today , dynegy has the right to acquire northern natural gas , a pipeline system that is probably worth more . as dynegy stock soared 14 percent yesterday , enron ' s lagged behind , rising just 7 percent . [ page cl 3 . ] that widened the spread - - the profit a trader could lock in by buying enron and selling dynegy short , assuming the deal goes through - - to 28 percent . the big premium probably reflects more than the fact that this deal will not close for many months . it is at least a possibility that dynegy will renegotiate the price , or even walk away , as it learns more about enron ' s business . not that chuck watson , chairman and chief executive of dynegy , was threatening to do any such thing . in a talk to analysts yesterday , and in a later interview , he was extraordinarily upbeat about enron ' s trading business even as he dismissed many of the company ' s diversifications as failures whose poor performance might have been obscured by fancy accounting . full details of the agreement between the companies will not be known until the merger agreement is filed with the securities and exchange commission today or tomorrow . but it appears that if the agreement falls apart for any reason , dynegy has the right to keep the pipeline without putting up any additional cash . speaking to analysts yesterday , rob doty , chief financial officer at dynegy , said the company was paying about seven or eight times the cash flow of the pipeline business . walking away from the deal might cost dynegy $ 350 million if it could not cite any material adverse change in enron ' s business , as provided in the merger agreement . but one way to look at this deal is that dynegy is spending $ 1 . 85 billion for the pipeline and a right to get the rest of enron on the agreed terms . mr . watson said he was confident that things would not go wrong . ' ' we have comfort there is not another shoe to drop , ' ' he said . ' ' if there is no shoe , this is a phenomenally good transaction . ' ' in presentations to analysts , dynegy officials said they expected the company ' s earnings per share to grow by at least 90 cents a year even before considering cost reductions as the two businesses are merged . that arithmetic was based on assumptions that enron could deliver at least 75 percent of the $ 2 a share in pro - forma earnings that wall street had been forecasting for next year . those forecasts had stayed the same even as enron ' s business collapsed . the bullish case for the merger is that enron ' s real profits were there and that the financial maneuvering did not cover up far deeper problems . mr . watson promised that more details would be disclosed about the partnerships that were created by enron and traded with it , providing a substantial part of the company ' s profits in 2000 . enron ' s need to make a deal quickly - - almost any deal - - was emphasized by standard & poor ' s , the bond rating service . in a conference call yesterday , ron barone , an analyst with s . & p . , said that without the takeover , enron ' s rating would have been cut to low bb or high b . those ratings are not even at the high end of junk , and a company like enron , which depends on others being willing to treat it as a trusted trading partner , needs an investment grade rating . its current s . & p . rating is bbb minus , the lowest investment grade rating . that means enron could not continue as an independent business . and it means that should dynegy decide to renegotiate , enron would be in a very poor bargaining position unless it had another bidder . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c the markets suitor for enron receives approval from wall st . by alex berenson 11 / 13 / 2001 the new york times page 13 , column 1 c . 2001 new york times company wall street found nothing but good news in dynegy ' s $ 9 billion takeover of the enron corporation yesterday . three days after dynegy , an energy marketing and trading company based in houston , agreed to take over enron , its giant crosstown rival , dynegy executives came to new york to assure investors that the deal would sharply increase their company ' s profits . they met a receptive audience . dynegy stock closed yesterday at $ 44 . 31 , up $ 5 . 55 , or 14 . 3 percent . since last wednesday , when news of a possible takeover emerged , dynegy ' s stock has risen more than one - third . enron closed at $ 9 . 24 , up 61 cents , or 7 . 1 percent . after some initial uncertainty about the takeover , investors appear to have accepted dynegy ' s view that the deal will give it a lucrative franchise in trading natural gas and electricity . enron ' s stock fell almost 80 percent in the weeks leading up to the deal as enron said it had overstated its earnings by almost $ 600 million since 1997 and forced out several top executives . but chuck watson , dynegy ' s chairman , told investors repeatedly yesterday that enron ' s problems were mainly a result of failed expansion efforts . he largely dismissed the concerns of some short - sellers and analysts that enron might be hiding losses at its core energy trading operations . ' ' there ' s nothing wrong with enron ' s business , ' ' mr . watson said in an interview at the waldorf - astoria hotel after making a lunchtime presentation to analysts and investors . ' ' the people in it ought to be really upset that for the last several years , they have produced earnings and cash that have been invested in other businesses that are not making money . ' ' enron ' s immediate problem was a crisis of confidence , which could have caused other companies to stop trading with it , mr . watson said . a $ 1 . 5 billion cash infusion from dynegy should restore the confidence of enron ' s business partners and keep enron stable until the takeover is complete , he said . to bolster enron further , j . p . morgan chase and citigroup may each invest an additional $ 250 million , executives close to the deal said . the potential investments by j . p . morgan chase and citigroup were reported yesterday in the wall street journal . mr . watson said dynegy would also move quickly to assuage enron employees who are angry that kenneth l . lay , enron ' s chairman , and other top executives sold hundreds of millions of dollars in stock in 2000 and this year as enron ' s shares plunged . ' ' right now , there ' s some animosity over there , ' ' he said . many employees at enron will get new grants of stock options when the acquisition is completed , he said . the company said it expected the deal to close by the end of the third quarter of next year , after extensive reviews from federal and state energy regulators and the department of justice . mr . watson predicted that the deal would lift dynegy ' s earnings by 90 cents or more a share next year , to more than $ 3 . 45 a share . analysts backed that view yesterday . ' ' investments in noncore business distracted the attention of management and also took up capital , ' ' said thomas hamlin , an analyst at wachovia securities . mr . hamlin said he believed that dynegy had obtained enron , which reported more than $ 100 billion in revenue last year , for a bargain price . ' ' it ' s not too often you get to take out the no . 7 fortune 500 company and double your earnings in the meantime , ' ' he said . ' ' my guess is the stock is worth $ 70 per share . ' ' the deal could increase dynegy ' s earnings by $ 1 to $ 2 a share next year , said christopher ellinghaus , an analyst at the williams capital group . ' ' that ' s a whopper , ' ' he said . ' ' it ' s a very good deal financially , certainly should be a good deal strategically , and provides some immediate balance - sheet backstop for enron . ' ' mr . lay said in an interview that enron had been forced to sell itself because of ' ' the relentlessness of all the articles and the shorts . ' ' ' ' we realized that we needed to do something to stabilize the ship , ' ' he said . ' ' a good company was being badly tarnished . ' ' photo : in houston , the headquarters building of dynegy inc . , the energy and marketing trading company , which is in a $ 9 billion takeover of enron . ( asociated press ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . nov . 13 , 2001 houston chronicle share boost for dynegy good news saving enron trading called key handicap by laura goldberg and david ivanovich copyright 2001 houston chronicle although investors monday cheered dynegy ' s planned acquisition of enron corp . , dynegy must still negotiate a series of potential roadblocks to pull off a successful merger . among them : ensuring that enron ' s core energy - trading business , suffering before the merger announcement , stays healthy . negative news on that front quickly surfaced monday as at least two traders said they still plan extremely limited business with enron . dynegy must also manage any unexpected disclosures about enron ' s financial performance and investment partnerships , convince enron ' s traders and other key employees to stick around , and mesh different corporate cultures . investors were optimistic in dynegy ' s abilities as shares in the company traded up $ 5 . 55 to close at $ 44 . 31 monday , while shares in enron ended the day up 61 cents at $ 9 . 24 . enron has been under siege since oct . 16 when it reported a $ 35 million loss and $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity tied to business dealings with investment partnerships run by its then - chief financial officer . since then , the securities and exchange commission started an investigation of enron , a slew of shareholder lawsuits were filed and enron ' s stock price plummeted . a new shareholder suit filed monday included dynegy on its list of defendants . last week , enron said it was restating its earnings back to 1997 to include losses related to a number of complex partnerships , including several being investigated by the sec . it said it was correcting almost $ 600 million worth of mistakes . just how close enron was to a collapse remains unclear . one industry source believes enron had been pushed " to the brink " and would have been done for if it had been unable to reach agreement with dynegy last week . but ron barone , a credit analyst with standard & poor ' s , doesn ' t think enron ' s condition was so desperate . " we clearly didn ' t see this as an imminent bankruptcy or imminent default , but it is something that could have eroded over time . . . in a fairly short time . " friday , enron ' s long - term debt rating was downgraded to one notch above investment - grade status by both moody ' s investors service and s & p . enron is the largest natural gas and electricity trader in the nation , accounting for about 25 percent of all transactions . its collapse would have meant the loss of much liquidity in the trading market , making trades more difficult and prices more volatile , industry experts said . dynegy announced a deal friday to buy enron at a fire - sale price of almost $ 9 billion in stock , plus the assumption of about $ 13 billion in debt and $ 2 billion in preferred stock . the merger is expected to close , barring holdups from regulators , in six to nine months . as part of the agreement , dynegy stakeholder chevrontexaco is giving dynegy $ 1 . 5 billion , which is to be infused today to help shore up enron ' s liquidity and preserve its trading franchise . some of enron ' s former trading partners are still steering clear of the giant . to facilitate transactions , the various energy trading firms extend credit to one another . those agreements are contingent upon a partner maintaining an adequate rating . if the credit rating firms had downgraded enron ' s debt to junk status , its trading operation would have been devastated , industry officials said . as details of enron ' s questionable financial dealings have been revealed , enron ' s trading partners have been scrambling to reduce their exposure . kansas city , mo . - based aquila energy marketing corp . , for instance , has been ratcheting down its activity with enron , company spokesman al butkus said . by the end of last week , aquila ' s exposure to enron was " insignificant , " butkus said . " and after all that was revealed on friday and the downgrading of the credit , we are now at an even lower level . " atlanta - based mirant has likewise reduced its exposure and is only doing a limited amount of business with enron . some larger players , however , continue doing deals with the company . " reliant energy has consistently been trading with enron through its difficulties , albeit with a heightened sense of caution , " said shahid malik , president of houston - based reliant energy ' s trading operation . charlotte , n . c . - based duke energy ' s exposure stands at $ 100 million . " we ' re continuing the way we have been , " said duke spokesman terry francisco . john olson , an analyst with sanders morris harris in houston , predicted it would take the traders some time to digest the merger deal . " i think people will increasingly come back to enron just as soon as the $ 1 . 5 billion changes hands , " he said . traders still have incentives to do business with enron even though it ' s being sold , as it has a wider variety of products than some of its competitors and its enrononline internet trading operation is regarded as superior . on a conference call with investors and analysts monday morning , dynegy and enron executives fielded a variety of questions about the merger but refused comment on a wall street journal report that j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup are considering a $ 500 million investment in enron . analysts remain worried that new and troubling surprises will emerge about enron ' s finances , including those that could call into question whether its core trading business is as advertised . dynegy executives aren ' t expecting any such disclosures , but took a conservative approach to calculating merger benefits . " i believe we have adequately bracketed the downside , " said chuck watson , dynegy ' s chairman and chief executive . even with a worst - case scenario , dynegy still found a " tremendous amount of economic value " in the merger , said watson , who will take the same roles after the merger . the deal , dynegy said , will add 90 cents to 95 cents per share in earnings for current dynegy shareholders . and that ' s before cost savings that are expected to run $ 400 million to $ 500 million a year . dynegy detailed two escape clauses in the merger deal . for one , if the amount of legal and shareholder claims enron must pay out is greater than $ 3 . 5 billion , it can be called off . enron and dynegy officials also said they will do whatever it takes to keep their key people . but will traders jump ship ? " oh , yeah i ' m sure they will , " the industry source said . jeff dietert , an analyst with simmons financial desk dynegy , enron stock prices get boost energy : even as experts warn of regulatory hurdles , investors back proposed merger . nancy rivera brooks times staff writer 11 / 13 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 1 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company investors and analysts applauded the proposed $ 9 - billion merger of dynegy inc . and enron corp . , boosting the stock price of both houston - based energy companies on monday even as some experts warned of regulatory hurdles . dynegy and enron executives courted wall street by offering assurances that the combined company , to be called dynegy , would be more financially conservative and easier to understand than enron has been . dynegy chief executive charles l . watson said the merger would immediately sweeten earnings for the combined company and that he remains " 90 % certain " that no more nasty surprises will emerge from a continuing internal investigation of enron ' s cloudy finances . " this is an exciting business combination . . . that will fuse two groups of talented , dedicated people who share a passion for their work , " said watson , who would be chairman and chief executive of the new company . dynegy ' s stock leaped $ 5 . 55 to close at $ 44 . 31 on the new york stock exchange while enron ' s stock increased 61 cents to $ 9 . 24 . the proposed transaction , revealed late friday after days of rumors , marks an extraordinary humbling of enron and its powerful chairman and ceo , kenneth l . lay . enron is the world ' s largest energy trader , but a loss of investor confidence and a severe cash crunch have pushed it into the arms of a competitor that is one - quarter its size . under the deal , enron shareholders would get 0 . 2685 dynegy share for each share of enron stock . based on the $ 38 . 76 close friday of dynegy ' s stock on the new york stock exchange , the deal valued enron ' s stock at $ 10 . 40 a share - - or $ 11 . 89 a share based on monday ' s close . dynegy would convert 850 million enron shares , the company said . dynegy said monday that its deal is worth about $ 24 billion in all : the $ 9 - billion stock swap and the assumption of $ 2 billion of preferred stock and $ 13 billion in debt . enron would get an immediate cash infusion from chevrontexaco corp . , which owns nearly 27 % of dynegy , with an additional $ 1 billion to follow when the deal closes . enron ' s stock fell 80 % after a series of disturbing financial disclosures that began oct . 16 with a surprise third - quarter loss tied to failed investments in water and telecommunications and losses from the termination of some off - balance - sheet partnerships . enron also revealed that $ 1 . 2 billion had been shaved off shareholders ' equity because of those partnerships . the securities and exchange commission launched an investigation into the investment vehicles , and the company fired three executives linked to the partnerships . an internal investigation led enron to admit it overstated profit by $ 586 million , or 20 % , going back to 1997 . all those disclosures are unrelated to enron ' s core businesses of energy trading , energy marketing and natural gas pipelines , said dynegy president steve bergstrom , and it is those businesses that dynegy wants . " we have had the opportunity to look under the hood of their core businesses and have found no surprises , " said bergstrom , who would be president of the combined company . dynegy expects those businesses alone to add as much as 95 cents a share to the combined company ' s earnings the first year , and dynegy has built protections into the deal if more surprises emerge from noncore businesses or off - balance - sheet partnerships , the executives said . among the protections : dynegy or enron would receive $ 350 million if the other backs out of the deal ; dynegy can abandon the transaction if lawsuit and financial liabilities exceed $ 3 . 5 billion ; and if the deal falls apart , dynegy gets enron ' s northern natural gas pipeline . the combined company would be leader in all of its primary businesses , watson said , with revenue of more than $ 200 billion and assets of more than $ 90 billion . the new dynegy would be the world ' s largest energy trader and would own 25 , 000 miles of natural gas pipelines and 22 , 500 megawatts of electricity generation . it is that powerhouse role that may give regulators pause , energy and antitrust experts say . california atty . gen . bill lockyer has not taken a position on the proposed merger . dynegy co - owns three power plants in california and enron controls a portion of the state ' s natural gas supply through its pipeline and trading businesses . photo : kenneth lay , left , and chuck watson announce proposed merger . ; ; photographer : associated press copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron shares enriched ken lay before flaming out : graef crystal 2001 - 11 - 13 01 : 01 ( new york ) ( commentary . graef crystal is a columnist for bloomberg news . the opinions expressed are his own . ) las vegas , nov . 13 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . shareholders never blinked as chief executive officer kenneth lay piled up pay - - salary , bonuses , stock grants and options - - that would meet almost any definition of excessive . from 1993 to the end of 2000 , lay ' s potential compensation came to $ 614 million if you add unexercised option profits to the millions he actually pocketed . sad to say , lay ' s paper profit of $ 362 million at the end of 2000 has evaporated as enron ' s stock lost about 90 percent of its value . the houston , texas , energy company , beset by accounting problems , is now being bought by a smaller competitor , dynegy inc . still , the 59 - year - old lay hauled away $ 31 . 5 million a year in real dollars over the last eight years , a generous amount given enron ' s recent admission - - after the securities and exchange commission opened an investigation - - that it overstated earnings by $ 586 million in five of those years . lay was enron ' s ceo from the time it was formed 15 years ago in a merger of natural - gas pipeline operators until he stepped down in february for prot ? g ? jeffrey skilling . skilling left unexpectedly in august for ` ` personal ' ' reasons . ceo ' s return in six months under skilling , enron ' s total return to shareholders was a negative 46 percent , four times worse than the performance of the standard & poor ' s 500 index . it was also a sharp contrast to the 30 percent a year enron returned to shareholders over the previous eight years under lay , when the company ' s performance was almost double that of the s & p 500 . so lay became ceo again after skilling ' s mid - august departure - - and enron ' s performance has now been even worse : minus 78 percent versus the 5 . 8 percent negative return of for the s & p 500 . while lay has an employment agreement extending all the way to 2005 , the company ' s pending acquisition by dynegy leaves his future in doubt . for enron ' s battered shareholders , whose stock once was among the s & p 500 ' s top performers , that may not be such bad news . enron shareholders endured a roller - coaster ride during lay ' s long tenure , their stock 2 . 2 times as volatile as that of the s & p 500 index . lay , and some other enron executives , were responsible for at least some of the heavy activity in their company ' s shares . lay exercised and sold option shares twice a day on every trading day this year through aug . 21 , on last report . in the process , he dumped about 300 , 000 option shares to reap about $ 26 million . royal treatment that comes atop his realized option gains of $ 123 million in 2000 and another $ 44 million the year before that . shedding large numbers of option shares might seem reasonable for a ceo about to leave the company . for someone continuing as board chairman , such behavior raises suspicion he might have known before others what a bad investment enron was about to become . over the past eight years , lay has received bonuses totaling $ 19 . 8 million , free shares worth $ 12 . 7 million at the time of their grant , payouts under miscellaneous stock - option plans of $ 3 . 5 million and a whopping 11 million option shares . those figures don ' t include free personal travel on company planes . in 2000 alone , that little item came to $ 334 , 000 . if lay has been handsomely compensated , he has treated his outside directors royally . enron ' s current proxy statement informs shareholders that directors in 2000 received an average of $ 79 , 107 in cash , deferred compensation , phantom stock units and stock options granted in lieu of cash . who knew ? by itself , that figure might not seem egregious . parsing the artful language of the proxy , one reads further to find that each outside director also received a stock option covering 10 , 775 shares at a strike price of $ 75 . 13 a share . i estimate the present value of that option to be $ 315 , 000 , making for a director ' s total pay of an eye - popping $ 394 , 000 . to be sure , those options are now way underwater , given enron ' s closing price yesterday of $ 9 . 24 . still , the fact they were granted at all suggests that enron ' s directors must have had a warm fuzzy feeling for lay while treating him so munificently . politically , too , lay has shown generosity and a deft touch : he gave $ 2 , 000 directly to president george w . bush ' s campaign , another $ 275 , 000 in soft money to the republican party and has long been an adviser to bush on energy matters . even if he was unaware of the accounting issues that helped bring down enron , lay still profited hugely from a stock price that soared on the strength of inflated numbers . and , as the ceo , he bears ultimate responsibility for what goes on in the company he helped found and has run for most of the past 15 years . the question arises , to echo a phrase made famous during the watergate era : ` ` what did ken lay know , and when did he know it ? ' ' - - graef crystal in las vegas ( 702 ) 270 - 6841 companies julie earle and richard waters in new york ; peter spiegel in washington see lex . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . global investing - spreading the risks - and the rewards . 11 / 13 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved just as enron is showing us how a public company should not shift private equity exposure off its balance sheet , sandy schwab , son of charles schwab , and middlebury capital , a new york - based hedge fund , are providing an alternative model . mr schwab ' s firm chess ventures is raising a private equity fund that will specialise in financial services technology , according to a source close to the fund - raising . the idea is to attract 10 to 12 banks from around the world to co - invest in technology companies specialising in financial services . the idea is similar to the corporate venturing activities undertaken by a host of california technology companies . they jumped into venture capital in the late 1990 s , not just because there seemed to be stacks of money to be made , but also so they could become partners to thrusting future competitors , rather than victims of their cutting - edge technology . technology is also a vital business for financial services companies - and not just for those like schwab with a heavy presence in internet trading . every year , banks and brokers plough hundreds of millions of dollars into trading , settlement and risk management systems . but the problems with corporate venturing became clear when companies such as jp morgan chase , wells fargo , dell and intel registered significant earnings volatility as the value of their venture capital holdings was marked down significantly . enron got around these problems by setting up an off - balance sheet vehicle with a number of additional investors . its idea was to distance its earnings statement from volatile investments in the new power company and rhythm netconnections . but eventually , those investments came home to roost . enron had to compensate it co - investors in the structure for their losses arising from its private equity investments , and paid a heavy price for the apparent subterfuge of keeping them out of the public view . the schwab fund seems to offer the benefits of corporate venturing without some of its costs . the investors , who it is hoped will eventually contribute $ 100 m to $ 150 m to the new fund , will share the benefits of whatever technology is developed and they will probably also be the first customers of the companies they are sponsoring . but because they are all taking a relatively small part of the pie they should ameliorate their overall risk . spreading the risks like this would be hard to pull off in a totally domestic structure . corporate venturing is , after all , meant to give a company an edge over its competitors . but diversifying the fund internationally should allow the chess fund to spread the risks . the fundraisers are talking to banks in the uk and scandinavia , among other places . if the theories of growing european cross - border integration and competition come to fruition some of the bank co - investors might end up competing but in the meantime separating investors by geography seems like a safe bet . schwab and the other investors could , of course , have put their money into other stand - alone venture funds . that would at least have solved the problem of keeping their volatile private equity exposure on balance sheet , but stand - alone funds with the sharp focus that a corporate venturing outfit has are fairly few and far between . corporate venture capital groups , where the corporation involved is a strategic investor rather than just a speculator , are usually narrowly focused on their parent group ' s industry because they are in the business of helping their parent develop a strategic edge . a few venture firms focus very narrowly on enterprise software but often they want to keep their options to invest in , say , biotechnology , if that area suddenly looks promising . for non - strategic investors that approach has clear advantages . technology investments have suffered over the last 18 months , while biotech investments have held up relatively well . if investors are right about the dramatic impact of information technology on biotechnology , investors in a general fund that has had the foresight to bet on those changes will probably do very well . but the schwab approach is all about venturing as a way to extend research and development . venturing can tap into the reserves of entrepreneurship that have served the us so well in the 1990 s in a way that traditional research and development probably cannot . entrepreneurship does , however , come at a price . young companies can and do fail . their values can swing wildly . an off - balance sheet approach with clear strategic benefits might allow companies to have their cake and eat it . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . comment & analysis - enron reaps the whirlwind . by peter martin . 11 / 13 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved comment and it brought a set of assets that could provide security of supply to the new dematerialised energy trading . we will come back to what went wrong at enron later . but first notice how much went right in the newly market - oriented industries . critics argued that an integrated business , tightly controlled from the centre , was essential for security of supply . but british electricity privatisation proved you could switch to a market - oriented system quickly and smoothly - and the lights stayed on . all you needed were proper regulations , a freely operating supply side and a bunch of active market - makers . these were not always present - for example , the absence of the first two gave california an electricity shortage . but if the markets were properly set up , everything worked like clockwork . the new era had a simple creed . before there were effective markets , companies needed to be vertically integrated to cope with unexpected fluctuations in demand and supply . but now markets allowed them to handle that risk more efficiently , buying and selling what they needed . trading exploded : enron alone recorded revenues of over $ 100 bn ( # 68 bn ) in 2000 . so what did go wrong ? enron expanded its markets too aggressively , moving far beyond energy through a web - based platform called enrononline . as mr skilling put it in an interview with businessweek : " we ' re on the side of angels . we ' re taking on the entrenched monopolies . we ' re bringing the benefits of choice and free markets to the world . " expensively , enron rushed into trading telecoms bandwidth , building a big network to ensure it could deliver a scale of demand that never materialised . mr skilling left abruptly in august , citing personal reasons . this autumn the company announced it had been engaging in transactions with supposedly independent entities that should , in fact , have been consolidated with its own accounts . some of these were headed - in a clear conflict of interest - by its own chief financial officer . correcting the accounting caused big restatements of earnings . this may , of course , just be the growing pains of an innovative but overly ambitious company . in that case , enron may prosper under new ownership - it agreed to be taken over by dynegy , a much smaller rival , on friday . dynegy will slash the range of enron ' s activities to focus on energy . if the sale goes through , such an approach may restore enron to health . but perhaps the enron problems tell us something more significant about the rush to turn formerly integrated businesses into markets . to get these to work requires active market - makers like enron . creating liquidity in previously illiquid markets soaks up capital . nalin kulatilaka , professor of finance at boston university ' s management school , has studied enron for years . " the bottom line is that when the liquidity on the two sides of a market are very different , " he says , " a company that tries to lead the way in creating these marketplaces is going to bear sustained liquidity risks . " the risks that the old system had coped with by building a layer of inefficiency into its operations did not go away in the new market era . enron knew all about these risks : managing them , through complex trades , was its essential skill . james lam , founder of the consultancy erisk , says : " enron has always been recognised by other companies as best practice in risk management . it put in systems to manage risk on a real time basis , and had very strong management . " but risk is a bit like a balloon . squeeze it down in one area and it bulges out in another . even if the operational risk was managed with great skill , the underlying riskiness of the strategy enron was pursuing could not be wished away . except , perhaps , by transactions that passed it on to outside entities . the problem was that those entities were not really outside at all . despite enron ' s problems , the shift to a market - based approach is now irreversible - for energy markets at least . ed krapels , who runs energy security analysis in boston , says : " clearly enron ' s trading culture has been adopted by every one of the big oil companies except exxon . " but , he adds , there is a big difference between companies with trading at their core , like enron and dynegy , and those that have added a trading approach to a business fundamentally based on physical assets , such as bp . the leverage and aggression in such businesses is much lower . dynegy ' s rescue of enron was only made possible by an injection of cash from chevrontexaco , which owns 26 per cent of dynegy ' s shares . call it the revenge of the entrenched monopolies . energy markets may not be as efficient without an aggressive enron . but if they come back into the embrace of the big physical operators , they may cope a little better with the unpredictable riskiness of the real world . peter . martin @ ft . com . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk andersen could face sec sanction , suits over enron accounting error bloomberg news 11 / 13 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 7 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company houston - - arthur andersen may face u . s . securities and exchange commission sanction and shareholder lawsuits because it certified enron corp . financial reports that the company disavowed last week as inaccurate , legal and accounting experts said . andersen , the world ' s fifth - largest accounting firm , served as enron ' s outside auditor for more than a decade . last week , the company reported that it overstated earnings by $ 586 million over 41 / 2 years , inflated shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion because of an " accounting error , " and failed to consolidate results of three affiliated partnerships into its balance sheet . enron restated its financial reports as the company suffered a cash crisis triggered by disclosure of the cut in shareholder equity and the start of an sec investigation . " i ' d be very surprised if the sec didn ' t go after arthur andersen , " said alan bromberg , securities law professor at southern methodist university . andersen partner david tabolt has said the firm is cooperating with a special committee of enron ' s board of directors appointed to investigate the accounting problems . lynn turner , who was the sec ' s chief accountant for three years until he resigned in august , said enron and andersen ignored a basic accounting rule when they overstated shareholder equity . explaining the equity reduction last week , enron said it had given common stock to companies created by enron ' s former chief financial officer in exchange for notes receivable , and then improperly increased shareholder equity on its balance sheet by the value of the notes . " what we teach in college is that you don ' t record equity until you get cash for it , and a note is not cash , " said turner , who is now director of the center for quality financial reporting at colorado state university . " it ' s a mystery how both the company would violate , and the auditors would miss , such a basic accounting rule , when the number is $ 1 billion . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . investors upbeat about merger between dynegy and enron by juan a . lozano associated press writer 11 / 13 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - while troubled enron corp . brings a certain amount of financial baggage in its union with rival dynegy inc . , the merger will create a new company that while strong won ' t dominate the energy market , according to several analysts . but others still expressed concerns with the deal between the two houston - based companies , citing strategic and cultural differences between the two companies and potential antitrust issues . meanwhile , investors on monday gave a tentative thumbs up to the merger . dynegy shares rose $ 5 . 55 , or 14 percent , to close at $ 44 . 31 , while enron shares were up 61 cents , or 7 percent to $ 9 . 24 on the new york stock exchange . enron ' s financial crises had left many fearing severe disruptions in the energy market , daniel ford , an analyst with lehman brothers wrote monday in a research note to clients . " we believe the terms of the announced merger agreement are a path to resolving these fears , " ford wrote . duane grubert , an analyst with sanford c . bernstein and co . , said any antitrust concerns that might arise from the deal will be minimal because the energy market will be able to absorb the new company ' s impact . " while there is risk , the prize is so big the parties will go through it and the deal will ultimately close , " grubert said . but carol coale , an analyst with prudential securities inc . , wrote in a research note to clients she had several concerns about the deal , including whether dynegy will be successful in retaining enron ' s " talented " energy trading and marketing personnel and whether both companies have compatible trading strategies . dynegy officials said monday the proposed deal was " doable , " would clear all antitrust hurdles and be completed within nine months . " what we have done is literally taken the worst case ( scenario ) and even in the worst case there is a lot of economic value for both companies , " said chuck watson , chairman and chief executive officer of dynegy , during a conference call monday . the deal , worth at least $ 9 billion , was announced friday . dynegy will also assume $ 13 billion of enron debt . the enron name will disappear . under the deal , chevrontexaco corp . , which owns more than a quarter of dynegy , would immediately provide about $ 1 . 5 billion . chevrontexaco would contribute an additional $ 1 billion upon completion of the deal . dynegy ' s earnings for 2002 , before the merger , were expected to range between $ 2 . 50 and $ 2 . 60 . the buyout now raises that to between $ 3 . 40 and $ 3 . 50 , said company spokeswoman jennifer rosser . according to thomson financial / first call , analysts were expecting dynegy to earn $ 2 . 57 a share next year . dynegy officials pledged monday that they won ' t tolerate the sort of financial practices that prompted enron to acknowledge last week that it overstated earnings by about 20 percent since 1997 . those financial practices included business partnerships now under investigation by the securities and exchange commission . enron , the nation ' s top buyer and seller of natural gas reported a $ 618 million third quarter loss on oct . 16 and disclosed a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity related to the partnerships . worries about enron ' s financial stability eventually caused shares to plunge 80 percent , leaving enron open for a takeover bid . officials with both companies said if for some reason the deal falls through , dynegy will be given enron ' s northern natural gas pipeline in compensation for the $ 1 . 5 billion cash infusion enron received . the agreement also has a clause that would allow dynegy to opt out of the deal if enron ' s litigation and other costs surpass $ 3 . 5 billion , dynegy officials said monday . - - - on the net : http : / / www . enron . com http : / / www . dynegy . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . world stock markets - dow sinks in wake of new york jet crash . by mary chung . 11 / 13 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved us equities fell sharply in morning trading after an american airlines jet crashed near new york ' s jfk airport , sparking a nervous selloff on wall street . two months after the september 11 terrorist attacks in the us , the markets were again deeply nervous . a positive opening quickly evaporated following news of the crash , which renewed concerns about safety in the airline industry . by midsession , the dow jones industrial average was down 166 . 20 to 9 , 441 . 80 while the s & p 500 index fell 15 . 93 to 1 , 104 . 38 . the nasdaq composite lost 23 . 23 to 1 , 805 . 25 . after an initial selling spree , stocks trimmed some of their losses as investors anxiously awaited details to determine the cause of the crash . " this just knocked the wind out of the market , " said christopher wolfe , us equity strategist at jp morganchase . " if it ' s deemed to be an accident , the stock market will respond better . " the airline industry took a sharp hit as the amex airline index tumbled 7 per cent at $ 64 . 25 . shares in amr corp , the parent of american airlines , gave up 13 . 3 per cent at $ 15 . 72 while northwest fell 6 per cent at $ 12 . 75 . hotel and other travel - related companies were also lower as carnival corporation fell 4 . 4 per cent at $ 23 . 09 and starwood hotel and resorts shed 4 . 5 per cent at $ 23 . 12 . aircraft maker boeing fell 2 . 4 per cent at $ 32 . 43 and united technologies lost 4 per cent at $ 54 . 69 . shares in honeywell and general electric were off 5 . 5 per cent and 4 . 2 per cent , respectively . all other dow components were also trading lower . dynergy jumped 13 per cent at $ 43 . 84 after the energy trading company agreed to acquire its larger rival enron in an $ 8 bn rescue deal . enron rose 11 per cent at $ 9 . 59 . other energy stocks traded lower . exxon mobil fell 1 . 6 per cent at $ 39 . 60 . ciena corp gained 10 per cent at $ 18 . 94 after the fibere - optic networking equipment maker said it would meet or top fourth - quarter sales forecasts . the company also said it would cut 380 jobs , or 10 per cent of its workforce . cisco systems fell 2 per cent at $ 18 . 84 while juniper networks added 2 . 6 per cent at $ 24 . 06 . shares in intel retreated 1 . 4 per cent at $ 27 . 50 and microsoft dipped 0 . 6 per cent at $ 64 . 80 . insurance companies were mostly lower with conseco down 3 per cent at $ 3 . 86 and metlife off 0 . 7 per cent at $ 27 . 34 . toronto picked up from early lows , but remained under pressure . by midsession , the s & p 300 composite index was still nursing a loss of 0 . 6 per cent at 7 , 163 . 90 . trade , however was thin with many investors absent for the remembrance day holiday . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones firm gets rights to key pipeline melita marie garza , tribune staff reporter 11 / 13 / 2001 chicago tribune north sports final ; n 1 ( copyright 2001 by the chicago tribune ) shares of dynegy inc . shot up 14 percent on monday as investors calculated that the houston - based power - trading company will win big whether or not regulators approve its blockbuster merger with hometown rival enron corp . under terms of the deal , dynegy executives said in a conference call with analysts on monday , their company will get rights to enron ' s prized northern natural gas pipeline in return for $ 1 . 5 billion invested in enron . moreover , the deal calls for enron to pay dynegy $ 350 million if enron walks away to accept a higher bid from another company . particularly lucrative for dynegy , analysts said , are the rights it obtained to acquire the northern natural gas pipeline . the pipeline is an interstate transmission system , providing transportation among other supply conduits and serving customers in the upper midwest through a 17 , 000 - mile network . for this and other reasons , dynegy stock closed at $ 44 . 31 , up $ 5 . 55 , on the first trading day after the $ 24 billion merger deal was announced . enron , the nation ' s largest trader of natural gas and electricity , has been bowed in recent weeks by soured transactions with energy partnerships run by one of its former executives and by a revelation about questionable accounting practices . enron last week was forced to revise down its earnings for the past five years and has seen its debt ratings downgraded and its stock price plummet . but chuck watson , dynegy ' s chief executive , said during the conference call that he did not anticipate any more nasty surprises arising from enron ' s convoluted books . " we literally have taken what we think is the worst case scenario , " watson said . " i ' m comfortable that even in that case this is a very , very good economic transaction for both companies . " dynegy executives estimated an annual earnings - per - share growth of 15 percent to 20 percent for the combined company over the next three years . under the stock - for - stock - swap portion of the deal , valued at $ 8 . 85 billion , dynegy is paying the equivalent of $ 10 . 41 a share for the 850 million outstanding enron shares . dynegy would pay . 2685 shares of its stock for each share of enron . in addition , dynegy agreed to assume an estimated $ 13 billion in debt . it is conceivable that additional problems with enron ' s off - balance sheet partnerships could kill the proposed deal between the two power - trading rivals . but on monday , kenneth lay , enron ' s chief executive , said : " we don ' t have anything we are trying to hide . on the contrary , we have been very forthcoming of everything we have found . we have disclosed anything and everything that we have found so far . " despite its sanguine outlook on the deal , dynegy officials acknowledged that they have escape clauses in their offer . for example , dynegy can renege on the deal if pending litigation against enron , which includes a slew of lawsuits filed by disgruntled investors who have lost millions of dollars , exceeds $ 3 . 5 billion in costs . since last wednesday , when dynegy shares closed at $ 33 , the stock has risen more than 33 percent . after rumors began swirling last thursday that it was in talks with enron , its shares rose to $ 36 . 50 . on friday , after making the bid for enron , its shares closed at $ 38 . 76 , for a rise of 17 . 5 percent in two days of trading . by comparison , enron stock rose 7 . 1 percent , to $ 9 . 24 , on monday and has risen only 2 percent since last wednesday . dynegy officials on monday also sought to quell rumors that the deal was greased because enron owed dynegy money . in fact , " dynegy currently owes enron . . . less than $ 50 million , " said rob doty , chief financial officer of dynegy . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk : innogy restarts energy trading with enron . 11 / 13 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , nov 13 ( reuters ) - british power company innogy on tuesday said it had resumed trading with crisis - hit u . s . energy group enron after a 14 - day cessation . in the first confirmation that it had stopped trading with the u . s . group , innogy said in a statement " the situation now seems to have been resolved and business will resume " . innogy said there had been little impact on it as a result of the suspension of trading . but industry experts said the implications for enron could be larger because a number of large european energy groups suspended dealings with it at the end of last month . enron ran into a crisis of investor confidence in mid - october when it disclosed previously unbooked charges , and is now the object of a $ 9 billion rescue takeover offer from smaller rival dynegy . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . report on business : international enron , dynegy shares climb industry observers give takeover bid mixed reviews janet mcgurty reuter news agency 11 / 13 / 2001 the globe and mail metro bl 5 " all material copyright ( c ) bell globemedia publishing inc . and its licensors . all rights reserved . " new york - - shares of enron corp . climbed higher yesterday on investor enthusiasm over last week ' s $ 9 - billion ( u . s . ) bid by rival energy trader dynegy inc . to take over the beleaguered energy giant . dynegy gained $ 5 . 55 , or 14 . 3 per cent , to $ 44 . 31 on the new york stock exchange , while shares of enron rose 69 cents , or 8 per cent , to $ 9 . 32 . the takeover announced friday halted a free - fall in enron ' s stock that lost about 75 per cent of its market capitalization in the past month . however , enron ' s stock was trading well below the value of dynegy ' s offer of 0 . 2685 dynegy shares for each enron share , which translates into $ 11 . 94 a share . analysts said this likely reflected doubts in some investors minds as to whether the deal , which includes " escape clauses " for dynegy , will go through . some industry analysts said they were impressed by the upfront details offered by dynegy during a conference call with analysts , an about - face compared with calls with enron . a lack of transparency from enron about its off - balance - sheet transactions , along with a u . s . regulatory investigation , had sparked widespread investor unease . " i would say that after listening to the conference call , i am even more comfortable with my initial judgment that the projections are conservative , " said jay yannello , an analyst with ubs warburg . earlier , mr . yannello reiterated a " strong buy " on dynegy , saying while the brokerage does not underestimate the enormous challenge at hand , the takeover should yield the biggest and most credible energy merchant in the world . dynegy is about one - fifth the size of enron when measured by revenues . enron ' s woes came to light in mid - october after the biggest energy trader in north america disclosed that some of its off - balance - sheet partners contributed to a $ 1 - billion charge and a $ 1 . 2 - billion reduction in shareholder equity . the takeover is an attractive transaction because of enron ' s trading operations , which combined with dynegy ' s above - board culture based on teamwork , strict values and honesty , should yield a formidable company , mr . yannello said . however , last week some antitrust lawyers said the deal will be closely examined by the federal trade commission because of the combined company ' s market share in energy trading , said steve newborn , formerly in charge of ftc merger enforcement . gordon howald , an analyst at credit lyonnais securities , said he is favourably disposed toward the takeover , which he called a " low risk - high reward proposition . " the most critical component is the immediate $ 1 . 5 - billion equity infusion by dynegy shareholder chevrontexaco corp . into enron that will bolster enron and help keep it viable . some analysts are less sanguine . they said dynegy is making a big bet that it can successfully clean up enron ' s balance sheet problems as well as integrate its trading and marketing business without losing a lot of key traders and volumes . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . city - city comment - enron ' s end provides textbook disaster study . 11 / 13 / 2001 the daily telegraph p 40 ( c ) telegraph group limited , london , 2001 a year ago enron , north america ' s biggest natural gas and power business with a growing european presence , chalked up $ 101 billion in revenues and saw its market value reach the giddy heights of almost $ 80 billion . yesterday it was coming to terms with being part of dynegy , its junior rival in houston , taken out at a price which just allows it to escape the ignominy of the 90 pc club . in less than three weeks the one - time wall street darling has been humbled by a sequence of events that stunned the market and will provide business schools with a classic casebook disaster study . the enron demise is one which cannot be blamed on the events of september 11 . a third - quarter loss , followed by an equity write - down , the disclosure of questionable off - balance - sheet businesses , an admission that earnings have been over - stated and a securities and exchange commission investigation brought enron to the brink of collapse . ken lay , its chairman , had taken full advantage of market deregulation to build enron into a multi - national utility with a network of power plants , gas pipelines and a powerful trading presence , in everything from energy to metals . it trades these from an office in victoria which employs 2 , 000 people , and mr lay might have wondered rather earlier how this army of people could possibly pay for themselves , even in his brave new deregulated world . now dynegy has picked up enron cheaply , and must find its way off debt mountain before the financial weather gets worse . the new group has sales of more than $ 200 billion , and assets in the books at $ 90 billion . a fire sale is inevitable , including that of wessex water , sold to enron for $ 1 . 4 billion three years ago . it will probably not fetch more than $ 400 m today , and even at that price is not obviously cheap . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . financial stocks steady after scare associated press 11 / 13 / 2001 the washington post final eo 3 copyright 2001 , the washington post co . all rights reserved new york , nov . 12 - - a jetliner crash in new york today gave wall street a sharp reminder that more terrorist attacks are possible and prompted shaken investors to refrain from any major moves . the stock market ended the day mixed , recovering from a steep drop as news reports indicated terrorism did not appear to be the cause of the crash . " fears are running high , " said alan ackerman , executive vice president of fahnestock & co . " we ' re dealing with a bruised u . s . psyche , whether it is at the consumer level or the investor level . " the dow jones industrial average closed down 53 . 63 , or 0 . 6 percent , at 9554 . 37 , after dropping as much as 198 in very early dealings . the american airlines plane crashed at 9 : 17 a . m . est , 13 minutes before the stock market opened . the nasdaq composite index rose 11 . 65 , or 0 . 6 percent , to 1840 . 13 , having been down as much as 42 . the standard the american stock exchange index fell 2 . 07 , to 824 . 77 ; and the russell index of 2 , 000 small stocks rose 2 . 38 , to 440 . 48 . * declining issues narrowly outnumbered advancing ones on the nyse , where trading volume fell to 1 . 01 billion shares , from 1 . 11 billion on friday . on the nasdaq , advancers narrowly outnumbered decliners and volume totaled 1 . 57 billion , up from 1 . 53 billion . * government bond markets were closed for veterans day . * the dollar rose against the japanese yen and the euro . in late new york trading , a dollar bought 120 . 53 yen , up from 120 . 32 yen late friday , and a euro bought 89 . 36 cents , down from 89 . 38 cents . * light , sweet crude oil for december delivery settled at $ 21 . 23 a barrel , down 99 cents , on the new york mercantile exchange . * gold for current delivery rose to $ 278 . 30 a troy ounce , from $ 277 . 40 on friday , on the new york mercantile exchange ' s commodity exchange . http : / / www . washingtonpost . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . tata power , bses keen to buy 85 pct stake in enron unit dabhol power - idbi 11 / 13 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd bombay ( afx - asia ) - tata power co ltd and bses ltd have expressed interest in acquiring the 85 pct stake held by enron corp and its associates in dabhol power company , a statement released by the industrial development bank of india ( idbi ) , the lead lender to the project , said . " both bses ltd and tata power have expressed deep interest to purchase the 85 percent shareholding held by enron and its associates . they would also like to conduct due diligence of the project , " the statement said . it also said lenders and owners of dabhol power held a three - day meeting last week in singapore that was " fruitful and expected to pave the way towards the solution for the various issues . " enron , along with the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) and the state government , had jointly set up the dabhol power plant , which stopped generating electricity after mseb failed to pay for power from the 1 , 284 megawatt project . dabhol power had served an " asset transfer notice " to the mseb for the valuation of the company ' s assets in order to sell them off . rc / for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india ' s tata group , bses keen to acquire 85 percent of enron india unit 11 / 13 / 2001 agence france - presse ( copyright 2001 ) bombay , nov 13 ( afp ) - indian power generation companies tata power co . ltd and bses ltd . have expressed interest in acquiring the 85 percent stake held by enron corp . and its associates in the controversial dabhol power company in western india . " both bses ltd . and tata power have expressed deep interest to purchase the 85 percent shareholding held by enron and its associates . they would also like to conduct due diligence of the project , " said a statement tuesday by the industrial development bank of india ( idbi ) , the lead lender to the project . the statement also said lenders and owners of dabhol held a three - day meeting last week in singapore that was " fruitful and expected to pave the way towards the solution for the various issues . " us - based enron has said expects about one billion dollars for the stake . enron , along with the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) and the state government , had jointly set up the power plant in the western state , which stopped generating electricity after mseb failed to pay for power from the 1 , 284 megawatt project . dabhol power has served an " asset transfer notice " to the mseb for the valuation of the company ' s assets in order to sell them off . idbi and other lenders such as the state bank of india , icici ltd . and ifci ltd . have lent more than 60 billion rupees ( 1 . 25 billion dollars ) to the project and filed a lawsuit against dabhol to ensure they get their funds back . jds / sct copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . bses seeks mega project status for dabhol our bureau mumbai 11 / 13 / 2001 business standard 4 copyright ( c ) business standard power major bses , which has evinced keen interest in acquiring a 85 per cent stake in the dabhol power company ( dpc ) , has sought mega power project status for the dabhol project . " we have suggested this as one of the measures for bringing down the capital cost of the project which , in turn , will translate into lower tariffs . this has been mooted by us at various meetings with the government as well as in the recent meeting with lenders at singapore , " r v shahi , chairman and managing director , bses . the conferring of such a status will enable the project to bag a slew of tax concessions including reduction in customs duties . it will also enable the plant to sell power across states . global energy major enron which holds 65 per cent stake in dpc has decided to exit the power project along with its two us partners general electric and bechtel who hold 10 per cent each . bses as well as tata power have evinced keen interest in this stake . bses is planning to conduct due diligence through an internal task force which will be assisted by a group of consultants . it is official now that the two parties have evinced interest in acquiring a 85 per cent stake in the project . the industrial development bank of india has officially acknowledged for the first time that the issue was discussed at last week ' s meeting of lenders at singapore . the institution has said in a press release , " the issues discussed at the meeting included completion of phase - ii of the project and the cost thereof , sale of shareholding by enron corporation , us , bechtel enterprises inc , us , and general electric , us , in dpc ( aggregating 85 per cent of total capital ) to either of the prospective new sponsors viz . bses and tata power . the meetings were fruitful and are expected to pave the way towards the solution to the various issues faced by dpc . " at the meeting in singapore both the prospective sponsors evinced keen interest in the purchase of enron and its associates ' shareholdings and discussed in detail with ifis as well as enron , several issues relating to the project which would have an impact on the pricing of the shares . towards this end , brief features of the incentive package prepared by a committee appointed by centre for the purpose , were discussed . the officials of dpc / enron also clarified various technical and operational issues , which would need to be resolved for smooth transfer of management and successful operation of the plant by the new sponsors . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy ' s plan to acquire enron in deal valued at $ 10 . 12 billion boosts shares 11 / 12 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) the shares of enron corp . and dynegy inc . both rose in heavy trading as investors began trying to digest the possible risks and rewards of dynegy ' s plan to acquire enron in a stock swap with a current value of $ 10 . 12 billion , the wall street journal reported . in calls and meetings with analysts monday , dynegy chairman chuck watson and enron chairman kenneth lay continued talking up the deal that was announced late friday . " we are confident this is good strategically and financially for dynegy and enron , " said mr . watson , who will serve as chairman and chief executive of the combined entity , to be called dynegy inc . while the proposed combination faces months of review by government agencies and gives dynegy possible opportunities to cancel the deal , investors ' initial reaction to the merger announcement was positive . as of 4 p . m . in new york stock exchange composite trading monday , dynegy ( dyn ) shares were at $ 44 . 31 , up $ 5 . 55 , or 14 % . also on the big board , enron ( ene ) was at $ 9 . 24 , up 7 . 1 % , or 61 cents . both companies were among the most actively traded issues . under terms of the proposed acquisition , dynegy would give 0 . 2685 of its shares for each enron share . based on dynegy ' s stock price monday , this formula values enron stock at $ 11 . 90 each . enron has about 850 million shares outstanding . some people raised cautionary notes monday . moody ' s investors service placed dynegy on review for a possible credit - ratings downgrade . standard & poor ' s made a similar move on friday . moody ' s said that while it saw positive elements to the proposed combination , it also believed " the financial and business risks associated with the transaction could negatively impact dynegy ' s credit fundamentals . " prudential securities analyst carol coale , who counts herself a fan of dynegy , also worries that enron ' s enormous problems could be a drag on the combined entity . " i don ' t want the dynegy folks to get into something that ' s not good for the company , " she said . enron in the past several weeks has seen its stock price and standing in the investment community plummet , largely as the result of large - scale transactions it did with partnerships headed by enron officers . those transactions have produced hundreds of millions of dollars of write - offs and restatements in the past month . they are being investigated by the securities and exchange commission and have helped spawn more than a dozen shareholder lawsuits . copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : dynegydirect , enrononline to trade separately for now . by gelu sulugiuc 11 / 12 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 12 ( reuters ) - online energy trading leader enrononline will merge with smaller rival dynegydirect after its parent company enron corp . agreed last week to a $ 9 billion takeover by dynegy inc . , dynegy said monday . the integration of the two platforms will take about six to nine months , dynegy said . in the meantime , the two will continue to operate separately . " we ' re looking to take the best of both platforms for the integrated company , " said dynegy spokesman john sousa . " ( the emerging platform ) will continue to be based on a one - to - many philosophy as it stands now . " on both enrononline and dynegydirect traders can only deal with enron and dynegy , respectively . enrononline is the biggest online energy trading platform in the united states , with a daily average of $ 2 . 6 billion in trades in the past month . dynegydirect is a much smaller , though growing platform . it recorded nearly $ 10 billion in transactions in the third quarter . the two platforms offer trading in hundreds of products and services , from crude oil and refined products , to natural gas and electricity . most of the trading is done in u . s . markets , but some european markets are available as well . enron , currently north america ' s biggest buyer and seller of both natural gas and electricity , agreed to a dynegy buyout after it was overwhelmed by a series of problems , including a u . s . regulatory probe into the off - balance sheet dealings , a $ 1 . 2 billion cut in shareholder equity and damaging credit rating downgrades . however , dynegy can drop its offer if more bad news emerges , or if pending lawsuits against enron lead to more than $ 3 . 5 billion in costs . dynegy also expressed confidence the takeover will win u . s . regulatory approval and said it does not expect any antitrust concerns to impede the merger of the two electronic platforms . dynegy shares gained $ 5 . 55 , or 14 . 3 percent , to $ 44 . 31 on the new york stock exchange , while shares of enron rose 61 cents , or 7 percent , to $ 9 . 24 . the takeover halted a free - fall in enron ' s stock that lost about 75 percent of its market capitalization in the past month . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy bid for enron doesn ' t calm credit concerns , traders say 2001 - 11 - 12 17 : 49 ( new york ) dynegy bid for enron doesn ' t calm credit concerns , traders say new york , nov . 12 ( bloomberg ) - - some energy traders said they are still wary of business with enron corp . , which has agreed to be bought by rival dynegy inc . for about $ 23 billion in stock and assumed debt . ` ` we ' re continuing to trade with them on a very limited basis , and we ' ll continue to do so until the proposed dynegy buyout develops further , ' ' said james peters , a spokesman for energy trader mirant corp . traders had scaled back business with enron recently . before today , its stock had plummeted 90 percent this year . the biggest energy trader faced a cash crunch and a loss of investor confidence because of questions about partnerships it started and put under the control of its senior executives . investors feared the company was using the partnerships to hide losses and debt . dynegy said late friday it agreed to buy enron for about $ 8 billion in stock and $ 15 billion in assumed debt . a quick end to enron ' s woes is far from assured because the company still is facing scrutiny from securities , antitrust and energy - market regulators , executives said . ` ` our credit guys are a still a little nervous ' ' about dealing with enron , said michael steffes , vice president of marketing and trading at indianapolis - based aces power marketing llc , which buys and sells power on behalf of electric cooperatives in the u . s . midwest . ` ` they ' re relieved that something ' s happened , but they haven ' t changed their tack . ' ' two weeks ago , closely held aces decided to halt trading electricity contracts stretching out two to 10 years with enron , steffes said . on friday , it limited trading to same - day or next - day purchases or sales . the company has no plans to lift those restrictions now , steffes said . credit rating many traders would have banned business with enron if its credit rating had been downgraded to junk , industry officials said . as a result , there would have been fewer willing buyers and sellers in the energy markets , making trades more difficult to complete . moody ' s investors service on friday lowered its rating on enron ' s long - term debt to ` ` baa 3 , ' ' one notch above junk . some gas distributors in the northern u . s . that have long - term natural - gas supply contracts with enron were lining up alternate suppliers , according to gelber & associates corp . , an energy - trading adviser in houston . the companies didn ' t want to take any chances of an enron default that might leave them short of gas during the peak of the winter heating season . ` no clear sailing ' ` ` you just have to be cautious until there ' s clear sailing , ' ' said charlie sanchez , energy - markets manager at closely held gelber . ` ` there ' s no indication that there ' s clear sailing here . ' ' some companies that had reduced their dealings with enron in recent weeks said the merger announcement had helped ease their credit concerns . spinnaker exploration co . , a gas and oil producer which had ` ` lightened up ' ' its trading with enron , is now willing to consider new deals , chief executive officer roger jarvis said . ` ` the merger makes me feel a lot more comfortable ' ' about doing business with enron , jarvis said . ` ` i don ' t think there is anything wrong with the enron trading franchise . this is a very good outcome for them and for the gas business in general . ' ' shares of dynegy surged $ 5 . 55 , or 14 percent , to $ 44 . 31 after chief executive officer chuck watson told investors the enron purchase will boost profit by 35 percent next year . enron rose 61 cents to $ 9 . 24 . dynegy , enron and spinnaker are based in houston . enrononline , the internet trading system , expected more than 5 , 000 transactions today , a 25 percent increase over thursday and friday , spokesman eric thode said . that ' s 11 percent below the 30 - day average of about 5 , 600 . atlanta - based mirant is moving to woo long - term enron customers still nervous by the firm ' s credit downgrades . ` ` the market ' s a lot bigger than enron , ' ' peters said . ` ` this merger allows mirant to step up its marketing to long - term customers who have recently been served by enron . ' ' - - bradley keoun in new york , ( 212 ) 318 - 2310 usa : update 1 - eott energy q 3 net up , sees weaker 2001 profits . 11 / 12 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 12 ( reuters ) - crude oil marketer and transporter eott energy partners l . p . said on monday that third - quarter profits rose on added benefits from a recent acquisition , but said full - year profits will fall below estimates due as market conditions in the current quarter are weaker than previously anticipated . houston - based eott reported third - quarter net income of $ 7 . 4 million , or 26 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 3 . 9 million , or 14 cents a share , in the same quarter last year . eott , which set a recapitalization plan earlier this year , said revenues for the quarter of $ 2 . 3 billion , lower than $ 3 . 1 billion in the prior - year quarter . eott said it expects to report earnings of between 90 and 94 cents per share for 2001 on weaker - than - expected fourth - quarter market conditions in its crude marketing and pipeline operations . the estimates include a gain of 4 cents per share related to an accounting change recorded in the first quarter . wall street analysts had been expecting the company to earn in the range of 80 to 95 cents per share with a consensus of 89 cents per share , according to estimates from research firm thomson financial / first call . eott energy partners ' general partner , eott energy corp . , is a wholly - owned subsidiary of beleagured trading giant enron corp . . shares of eott energy partners closed monday trading on the new york stock exchange at $ 19 . 55 during the third quarter , the stock rose almost 8 percent , while the benchmark standard & poor ' s 500 index fell nearly 15 percent in the same period . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy to ask j . p . morgan , salomon to reduce $ 90 mln enron fee 2001 - 11 - 12 17 : 35 ( new york ) dynegy to ask j . p . morgan , salomon to reduce $ 90 mln enron fee new york , nov . 12 ( bloomberg ) - - charles watson , chief executive officer of dynegy inc . , wants j . p . morgan chase & co and salomon smith barney to accept less than the $ 90 million they charged enron corp . for merger advice . ` ` it sounds a little high , ' ' said watson , whose company agreed on friday to acquire enron for $ 23 billion in stock and debt . ` ` if the fees are exorbitant , i ' m going to realign them to where i think they should be . ' ' salomon and j . p . morgan chase may balk at giving up fees that people familiar with the transaction said were $ 45 million each during a year when merger business has plunged 50 percent , bankers said . the payout is the largest for advising a company to be acquired this year , according to data compiled by dealogic . ` ` in the current environment , investment banks will be torn between trying to hold onto fees they ' ve already negotiated and trying not do anything that would cut into fees in the future , ' ' said brian sullivan , managing partner for financial services at heidrick & struggles inc . , a recruitment firm . j . p . morgan chase spokeswoman kristin lemkau and salomon smith barney spokesman duncan king declined to comment . while salomon and j . p . morgan chase negotiated their fees with enron , watson is hoping the firms will accept less in exchange for the promise of future business . the fees for each bank are three times the $ 15 million dynegy is paying its adviser , lehman brothers holdings inc . , according to people familiar with the situation . lehman spokeswoman hannah burns declined comment . record fees the fees may be higher in part because salomon and j . p . morgan chase also agreed to extend $ 1 billion in credit to restore investor confidence . j . p . morgan chase and salomon also offered to invest another $ 500 million in the combined company , said people familiar with the transaction . ` ` maybe there were extenuating circumstances , related to financing , ' ' said tom burnett , president of merger insight , an affiliate of wall street access inc . watson said that unlike enron , which was forced to restate earnings for the past four - and - a - half years and reduce earnings by $ 586 million , dynegy didn ' t face a cash shortage and so was unlikely to sell an equity stake to salomon and j . p . morgan chase . ` ` i don ' t want or need their money , ' ' watson said today in an interview . the two banks ' terms for any investment probably would be ` ` too expensive , ' ' he said . enron ' s cash needs until the merger closes , projected in the third quarter of next year , will be met by the transfer tomorrow of $ 1 . 5 billion from chevrontexaco corp . , the largest shareholder in dynegy , and the $ 1 billion credit line from j . p . morgan chase and salomon , said robert doty , dynegy ' s chief financial officer . the largest previous investment banking fee for a takeover announced this year was a $ 50 million fee split by credit suisse first boston and goldman sachs group inc . for their advice to wachovia corp . in its $ 13 . 6 billion purchase by first union corp . morgan stanley got about $ 75 million for advising time warner in its sale to american online inc . , according to bankers . that acquisition , which formed aol time warner inc . in january , had a value of $ 186 billion when it was announced last year . - - george stein ( 212 ) 893 - 3934 , ghstein @ bloomberg . net and mark lake 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 15 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; start date : 12 / 15 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121521 . txt 
2	Subject: conf . call for tomorrow ( saturday , jan . 12 th ) here are the details for the conference call tomorrow . date : saturday , jan . 12 th time : 2 : 30 p . m . ( houston time ) dial - in number : 888 - 422 - 7124 host code : 754337 ( louise ) participant code : 639228 tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: proj . x analytics diligence paul , vince and i spent some time thinking about the diligence process for the trading analytics . there is a limited amount that can be accomplished in a two day time period . i think a reasonable start would be the following : 1 . obtain an audited history of the trading strategies which have been implemented in order to verify profitability , and p / l volatility of each . 2 . review needed working capital and risk capital requirements and compare these to projections for trading income . 3 . review current level of access to electronic markets and verify that a change of ownership would not have adverse consequences , i . e . are there guarantees of continued access using the current systems ? 4 . review feasibility of entry into proposed new markets ? it is far from clear that there will be any synergy with most commodity markets given the current limited " electronic " liquidity . 5 . review , at least qualitatively , the current trading strategies being used . try to develop some estimate of how fast the profitability of these strategies will disappear as other ' s implement similar trading models . what is the trade off between trade quantity and slippage . 6 . review the methodology used to generate new trading strategies which will be needed to replace the current models as they become unprofitable and outdated . 7 . try to determine if there will be any value in transfer of trading technology to enron ' s other markets , given the illiquidity of these markets as compared to the financial equity markets . if there were a sufficiently long time horizon for our analysis , we would probably want to run their system on a test set of data . let me know if you have other suggestions . - - stinson 
2	Subject: fw : texaco grand prix tickets fyi , i have invited a couple of my marketers and their customers to go to this on sunday . . ena ( my rc ) will not be charged back . who is paying the bills . . . . and how much are they ? you would have to believe it is a lot . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hitchcock , dorie sent : thursday , september 27 , 2001 2 : 51 pm to : tycholiz , barry subject : texaco grand prix tickets this is to confirm that i have reserved 6 tickets for you to attend the texaco / havoline grand prix on sunday , october 7 . i will be distributing the tickets no later than monday , october 1 . ( no charge will be allocated to your co and rc . ) the main race begins at 1 : 00 pm on sunday . attached , please find the program of events and various pictures of the hospitality area . complete information on the race can be found at http : / / www . texacogp . com . dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject: enterprise risk management dear vince , ? thanks for your call the other day regarding eprm ' s upcoming enterprise risk management conference . we seem to be making progress and are pulling together some interesting subjects for inclusion this year . i am currently at a stage where there are plenty of possible sessions and over the next week i will be able to decide of which will stay and which will go . ? i have attached a file that gives an indication of the topics that have been identified so far . although i have bullet points for the sessions i would first like to identify interested parties and then work with them to develop a session that reflects their particular expertise and experience . i also think that by continuously developing the points we can make greater allowances for continuity between each participant . ? based on our discussion i would be extremely interested in inviting you to lead a session on the main conference . you seemed to have an interesting view on operational risk and the particular challenges that are presented within the energy industry . this session will run on thursday , november 16 th . the title is reasonably broad at this stage and any suggestions are welcome . ? your overall views on the current conference content is also welcome and if you feel that another session is more suited to your work do not hesitate to contact me . i look forward to speaking with you soon . ? yours sincerely , ? paul bristow senior course and conference producer , energy & power risk management + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9883 - maildoc . doc 
2	Subject: unresolved issues for jan 1 . - followup here is a followup to the memo sent on 12 / 31 / 99 . fyi enron field services - has not been nominated since september 99 . have we stopped doing business on this pipe ? ( just an fyi - ? ) do we need to get this assigned ? i can find old notes and try to get this pathed if necessary . someone just needs to let me know . unresolved - appears to be unassigned ? lavaca expense transport - this is offsystem gas that hplc transports for ena . ena has no nom at meter 1000 in pops for jan 1 . unresolved midcon texas pipeline - there were deals left unpathed for jan 1 ( and dec ? ) . i brokered and nominated the obvious but we seem to have 10 , 000 with transport contract to move this gas on and no sale to broker to . as it stands , it looks like we have a long position . who is this assigned to ? i thought carlos was handling this one , but i could be wrong . unresolved channel industries pipeline - several issues here : 1 . all deals with the exception of the long term transport expense were left unpathed for jan 1 . i viewed prior month transactions and pathed appropriately . someone needs to review for accuracy . also , there were deals that went to zero , that were nominated for january . resolved but needs to be verified . 2 . we still do not have enough supply to meet our sales requirement . this issue has been left unsresolved since october 99 . volume management cannot allocate was is not pathed and nominated . unresolved or unpathed ? 3 . there is a transaction for january that is once again not on our point specific transport contracts . ( rec mtr 1 - 6366 10 , 000 to del mtr 2 - 6203 10 , 000 ) . this is a pathed pipeline . we have no rate . we need to know the rate and whether one of the expense contracts needs to be amended for this transaction , we are not legally covered . carlos was handling this pipe in dec . who is this assigned to for jan ? unresolved hpl operational - this shipper on hpl has been left unpathed for december and january 1 . who is this assigned to ? this can wait until we get back next week . if it is left unresolved , i will get it pathed when i return . i haven ' t had time to do this yet . if we haven ' t figured out the assignement then i will get to it asap . 
2	Subject: sony lcd projectors lcd projectors vpl - dsl 00 vpl - cx 70 item no model lcd lumen resolution lamp price vpl - dsl 00 dsl 00 lcd 1200 svga 185 wuhp $ 849 . 00 vpl - cs 7 cs 7 lcd 1800 svga $ 1168 . 00 vpl - cx 70 cx 70 lcd 2000 xga 165 w uhp $ 1518 . 00 visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 7 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: re : account # 51682 f hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , oliver gabriel for email removal , go here . papua meliorate synthetic masque adobe pendant appleby hazardous foodstuff procaine crimea wynn declarative blake bernhard anaplasmosis algal cookievenus predicament boletus asceticism employ tectonic appian precambrian obeisant oscilloscope francoise beg blatant louise danzig regrettable cartel complyacclaim avid duke apparatus clarify automate satanic gadolinium nautilus conferring azure preliminary embower stairwell anthology eccentric crust arnoldhavana enumerable breeches functorial koenig twine beside aromatic cabinetmake spun circe scrawl blackout contradistinction ductile leisure long cutoffannalen vest coliform newspaperman aggression leander pietism bombast complain pilot rash salsify addison visceral terpsichorean 
2	Subject: fortune award winning final notification from : the prize award department fortune loteria , madrid , spain . congratulations category a prize winner ! you have been selected as one of the five winners of the worldwide loteria fortune madrid , spain computer ballot draws and thus will be a privileged recipient of the grand draw prize of 705 , 366 . 87 euros ( seven hundred and five thousand three hundred and sixty six euros and eighty seven cents only ) . winning file reference number for your prize is wwpl / es / 61 - 812087 ; ticket number 004 - 05117963 - 198 . we at the worldwide loteria la fortune spain , are by this program , launching our model computer balloting lottery draws , developed and designed to satisfy the cravings of the ever growing number of participants in our various lottery programs . with funds accrued exclusively from previous draws , payouts to all winners are guaranteed and will be transferred in record time . after randomly selecting 15 , 000 participants from the initial database of 300 , 000 emails and zoning all participants by their respective continents from across the globe , we produced an extensive list from which you have emerged as one of the winners of the grand draw prize . to ensure smooth collection of your winnings , the transfer of your prize is to be handled by our prize transfer agents . you are to contact our agents by email and within a week of receiving this notice . dont forget to include your contact telephone and fax number . please find full contact details below : your claims agent , mr . jose martinez dominguez , fortune loteria . c / burgos 27 madrid - spain . email : josemardominguez @ netscape . net martinez 2007 @ terra . es also find all other relevant winning lottery information below : draw serial no : 99375 . batch no : 24 / 00319 / ipd . grand draw no : 31 - 33 - 34 - 35 - 36 - 42 . you are seriously advised to keep all winning lottery information and numbers from the public in line with our company security protocol to avoid double claims and unwarranted abuse of this program by unscrupulous individuals . please direct all further correspondence and queries to your respective category prize transfer handlers . do remember that all winning must be claimed 15 days from the day you receive this notification . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address or appointment , do inform us as soon as possible in order for us to make an alternative arrangement for you . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 21 is automatically disqualified . sincerely , lopez hernandez international promotions manager 
2	Subject: os - adobe - macromedia etc all under $ 15 - $ 99 cds your premier source for all ati powered gear . if high heels were so wonderful , men would be wearing them . when you learn how to die , you learn how to live . 
2	Subject: lbally do you have depression ? absolutely new prozac can help you . arbi prozac is one of the world ' s most widely prescribed antidepressants ; it has been prescribed for more than 40 million people worldwide . chances are , someone you know is getting better because of it . read more  
2	Subject: re : surprise : - ) you are just 1 click from the world of violence and forced sex the brutality of rape ! ! ! click here to see [ click here to unsubscribe ] http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: home reps wanted - fortune 500 comp hiring question ? do you want a different job ? do you want to be your own boss ? do you need extra income ? do you need to start a new life ? does your current job seem to go nowhere ? if you answered yes to these questions , then here is your solution . we are a fortune 500 company looking for motivated individuals who are looking to a substantial income working from home . thousands of individual are currently do this right now . so if you are looking to be employed at home , with a career that will provide you vast opportunities and a substantial income , please fill out our online information request form here now : http : / / ter . netblah . com : 27000 to miss out on this opportunity , click here http : / / ter . netblah . com : 27000 / remove . html 
2	Subject: re : do you smoke ? noscv lookln 4 affordabowl cigarettez ? come chick it out here ! is mudguard that or swingable maybe humboldt giovanni ? i excisable don ' t chew frenzy not plaque a categoric renegotiable . if croon berlin then rem . ove me  
2	Subject: m , eds is now 50 % off vlcodin and other inexpnsive medicnes - no prescrlptlon required order now and get shipplng at no cost ! by far the cheapst deals you ' ve ever seen : vlagra from $ 67 vallum from $ 70 amblen from $ 61 clalls from $ 90 + more . .  
2	Subject: premium replica watches get the finest rolex watch replica ! we only sell premium watches . there ' s no battery in these replicas just like the real ones since they charge themselves as you move . the second hand moves just like the real ones , too . these original watches sell in stores for thousands of dollars . we sell them for much less . - replicated to the smallest detail - 98 % perfectly accurate markings - signature green sticker w / serial number on watch back - magnified quickset date - includes all proper markings visit us : http : / / www . ealz . com / rep / rolx / christmas discount this week only ! make your order before the prices go up . no thanks : http : / / www . ealz . com / z . php 
2	Subject: mobil beaumont - marol rebecca for mobil in march , beginning on march 21 , hpl started delivering 30 , 000 / d for midcon ( just like we did in dec and jan , and maybe in feb too ) check with daren farmer when you get ready to do the flash invoice on the first to confirm the midcon volume amounts and dates thanks ! ! ! ! ! lee 
2	Subject: re : louise , we are thrilled that you will meet us at the cathedral house facility and join us for the debriefing session ( if you don ' t go into labor before tomorrow ! ) . since the rest of the group will be going to cathedral house from the knowledge beginnings katy facility on the van , do you need directions to cathedral house from enron ? if not , we look forward to meeting you at cathedral house . i have visited the knowledge beginnings bp facility , but since the enron child care center will be closer to the new knowledge beginnings katy facility , the katy facility was selected as one of our tour stops . i look forward to meeting you tomorrow ! regards , charla - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 3 : 33 pm to : stuart , charla cc : mrha , jean ; dietrich , janet ; davis , sarah a . ; tilney , elizabeth ; olson , cindy ; schoppe , tammie subject : re : i have a few meetings on thursday but i have already recently visited the facilities of creme de la creme and attended the presentation of knowledge beginnings at enron . i will attend the cathedral house facility and debriefing session . i would suggest that you may wish to consider actually visiting the bp facility which is not an open facility ( company specific ) as this may be more akin to what we will get . i could give you my choice now ( its easy ) but i will wait until the debriefing session . regards louise ( if i go into labour before thursday - sarah davis already knows my choice ! ) . from : charla stuart / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 30 / 2001 01 : 41 pm to : jean mrha / enron @ enronxgate , janet r dietrich / hou / ees @ ees , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : sarah a davis / enron @ enronxgate , elizabeth tilney / hou / ees @ ees , cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron subject : per sarah davis ' voice mail : as we prepare to open enron ' s child care center this fall , we invite you to join cindy olson , beth tilney and sarah davis on a tour of local child care centers to observe best practices in the houston child care community . your feedback is vital in helping us develop the best child care center for our employees . though the tour will consume a significant part of your day , we believe that the knowledge gained from our site visits will be worth it . the tour will take place on thursday , may 3 rd . our agenda follows : 10 : 30 am depart from front of enron building via van 11 : 15 am tour creme de la creme town and country facility 12 : 45 pm tour knowledge beginnings katy facility 2 : 15 pm tour cathedral house montessori school downtown facility 3 : 30 pm debriefing session ( eb 1679 ) 4 : 15 pm adjourn thank you so much for taking time out of your busy schedules to participate in this tour ! please rsvp to me at x - 36202 no later than wednesday at 10 : 00 am to confirm your attendance . we look forward to seeing you thursday ! regards , charla stuart 
2	Subject: want to play poker with other people online . get your favorite poker action at http : / / www . multiplayerpoker . net play against real people from around the world for real money or just for fun . access one of the busiest poker rooms online . we ' ve dealt over 8 million hands ! experience the best poker software available today featuring world class graphics , true random shuffling algorithms , and 24 x 7 customer service . we ' ve got a great selection of poker games for you to play such as : hold ' em , omaha omaha hi / lo 7 card stud 7 card stud hi / lo 5 card stud poker tournaments sign up today and start playing with new & old friends . . . download our free software now at http : / / www . multiplayerpoker . net current promotion : · $ 50 deposit bonus ! - 100 % bonus ! · daily high hand - $ 250 daily . · progressive bad beat jackpot - $ 2 , 000 . 00 minimum with $ 100 . 00 added daily . · tournaments - multiplayer shootouts . wish not to received any further e - mail from us please click  
2	Subject: revised : eastrans nomination change effective 10 / 21 / 00 deliveries stay the same as stated below : redeliveries will be : 7900 from fuels cotton valley 22100 to pg & e - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marta k henderson / houston / pefs / pec on 10 / 20 / 2000 08 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marta k henderson 10 / 20 / 2000 08 : 16 am to : darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia a . urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , briley @ enron . com , dfarmer @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , sharon beemer / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , connie wester / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , ronald c . douglas / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , daniel c rider / houston / pefs / pec @ pec , john c lehman / field / pefs / pec @ pec cc : subject : eastrans nomination change effective 10 / 21 / 00 effective 10 / 21 / 00 deliveries to eastrans is 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy and maintain at this rate until further notified . the redeliveries will be : 7500 from fuels cotton valley 22500 to pg & e 
2	Subject: why does your wlfe ppay for v * i , c , o * p * r , o * f , e ' n im happy with thls chronic pain stuff h . y ' d ' r * 0 ' c ' o . d * o * n ' e lo / 5 oo m * g 30 p | | ls 169 . oo 60 p ! lis 279 . oo 9 o piils 389 . oo more here : http : / / dream . . com same day shipp ! ng f ' i * n : http : / / impenetrable . . com / tx your newletter subscription ariel reese wiremonger dr . mohaghegh ' s foundation , euromieh , iran , iran phone : 784 - 424 - 5192 mobile : 459 - 148 - 6221 email : gmswinicvdl @ irish 4 ever . com this message is beng sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this shareware is a 9 [ 2  
2	Subject: dwr fyi we got a look at the executed contracts . yoder and hall are checking / summarizing terms and conditions . allegheny 150 mw - 1000 mw firm calpine 400 mw - 2500 mw firm and unit cont constellation 200 mw firm dynegy 1000 mw firm and unit contingent el paso 100 mw firm mirant 500 mw firm morgan stanley 50 mw firm pg & e 75 mw unit contingent pinnacle west 100 mw firm various developers 2000 mw unit cont 4575 mw - 7525 mw chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: re : mgmt 656 ( rice university ) pam , thanks . the list of e - mail addresses would be useful as well . vince pamela vande krol castro on 01 / 17 / 2001 03 : 05 : 01 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : mgmt 656 ( rice university ) here are your rosters for mgmt 656 . let me know if you need a list of e - mail addresses as well . i will update you as student schedules change . - pam ( 713 - 348 - 6223 ) - 656 . doc 
2	Subject: microcap stock report grant , techlite , inc . ( otcbb : thlt ) joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 million of new business ( source : news 11 / 30 / 04 ) shares outstanding : lo , 994 , 910 ( source : loq 8 / 19 / 04 ) current price : $ . 54 a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . some of these smail stocks are absoluteiy fiying , as many of you know . while past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits , this one traded at $ . 90 back on november 11 th . will thlt bounce back ? is it a w i n ning trade from here ? reasons to consider thlt ( source : recent press releases ) 1 ) techlite subsidiary , keystone , reaches agreement with redi - controis to market oam purger in greater china 2 ) techlite can reduce corporate eiectrical usage up to 5 o percent 3 ) techlite , inc . reaches distribution agreement with frigi - tech internationa | , inc . of houston , texas 4 ) techlite signs joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 miilion of new business about techlite inc . ( source : news january 7 , 2005 ) techlite inc . is a national energy service company . in 2004 techlite entered its 12 th year in the design and instailation of energy - efficient and epa - compliant | ighting upgrades encompassing the vast number and variety of existing | ighting systems . the magazine " electrica | contractor " has described the | ighting retrofit business as " the market of the decade . " customers include power utility energy service companies ( escos ) , as wel | as the education , healthcare , commercial , industrial , and government markets . industry experts estimate the size of the market at approximateiy three biilion lighting fixtures , creating a potential $ 1 oo billion national | ighting retrofit industry . techlite also offers new energy - efficient light fixtures for new construction , | ong - term service and maintenance contracts for customer lighting systems , and other state - of - the - art energy reduction products and services for air conditioning systems . watch this stock tuesday . can it put some short term money in your pocket ? if you think so , consider trading some for your account . good luck . certain statements in this news reiease may contain forward - | ooking information within the meaning of ruie 175 under the securities act of 1933 and ruie 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . all statements , other than statements of fact , inciuded in this reiease , including , without limitation , statements regarding potential future pians and objectives of the companies , are forward - | ooking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements wil | prove to be accurate and actua | results and future events couid differ materialiy from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a | arge accumuiated deficit , a | arge negative net worth , a reliance on loans from officers to pay expenses , nomina | revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have personally guaranteeed company debt , tax | iens for unpaid federal and state taxes , is a defendant in two | awsuits , has a nomina | cash position and the need to raise capita | . a faiiure to raise capital could cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fu | | y detaiied in the companys sec filings . we strongiy urge you to review them before you invest . the pubiisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . read the compay ' s sec fiiings before you invest . ail information provided within this publication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises ail readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this pubiication . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsietter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a companys filings , shouid be compieted prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the pubiisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of fourteen thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider of the company for the circuiation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | sel | at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . al | factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this pubiication constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it will be invisibie virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitipie search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , gerrirandali _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : ganapathy ramesh rick , the it person tanya would like to have dedicated to the mg effort is ganapathy ramesh . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 07 / 11 / 2000 02 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tanya tamarchenko 07 / 11 / 2000 02 : 41 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : ganapathy ramesh vince , ramesh is he it guy , who can help us with mg var . tanya . 
2	Subject: fw : updated list - for louise at louise ' s request , i am forwarding the following for your 3 : 00 meeting . let me know if you have any questions . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oquinn , kari sent : friday , january 11 , 2002 2 : 42 pm to : slone , jeanie subject : updated list - for louise 
2	Subject: re : meter 0980438 - acock production ? ? ? ? ? ? vance , thank you for the information . that explains the deal . what we need now , to correctly book these volumes and clear any current issues in volume management and / or settlements which would date back to the inception of the deal . this will also ensure that your book is correct for this deal . i think that bob cotten is the one to correct / add the deal , and then tom acton and myself will need to make requests of volume mgmt . to kick - off the re - booking process . thank you for your time , mary ext . 35251 
2	Subject: shipper " out " - - red rock expansion at lorraine ' s request , i ' ve taken a first crack at a shipper " out " provision to have ready in case needed in our negotiations . please provide your comments asap . thanks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . tony 
2	Subject: weekly update louise , i will see you at 1 : 30 pm on monday to give you an update on everything . we should also discuss this concept on giving asset marketing a margin target . thanks , don 
2	Subject: logo your business identity ( 8342059 ) our art team creates a custom logo for you , based on your needs . years of experience have taught us how to create a logo that makes a statement that is unique to you . in a profess ional manner we learn about your image and how you would like the world to perceive you and your company . with this information we then create a logo that is not only unique but reflects the purpose of you and your company . for value and a logo that reflects your image , take a few minutes and visit try logos ! http : / / www 9 . trylogos - studio . com / sincerely , logo design team http : / / www 9 . trylogos - studio . com / uns . php 
2	Subject: news from etv it ' s the building guy ! due to popular demand , we have put the latest segments of " the building guy " on ip - tv . click the start button on your task bar , then click programs and business applications . next , click ip - tv viewer to launch the program and double - click " the building guy " in the program list . if you ' ve never used the ip - tv viewer , there will be a brief user set - up process . don ' t worry ; you won ' t have to do anything - - the computer guy takes care of it all . the building guy segments will run every 30 minutes . enjoy ! the official etv guidelines are you interested in running a segment on etv ? check out the official etv guidelines . go to home . enron . com , then to the " information and services " section and click the link for the etv guidelines . 
2	Subject: hpl i . t . services transition summary it version . funny how it reads like mine first memo . keep you posted . thanks bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bob m hall / na / enron on 04 / 09 / 2001 04 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : tommy yanowski / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 06 / 2001 09 : 26 am to : bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , barbara n gray / hou / ect @ ect , brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect , russell long / enron @ enronxgate cc : subject : hpl i . t . services transition summary attached is a document that attempts to summarize the hpl transition related to it services . please review and let me know your thoughts . - tommy 
2	Subject: re : london status report - research weather fyi our 10 : 30 meeting today - mike - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 04 / 20 / 2001 06 : 41 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tony hamilton @ enron 04 / 20 / 2001 06 : 35 am to : mike . a . roberts @ enron . com cc : tani . nath @ enron . com subject : re : london status report - research weather tony hamilton 04 / 20 / 2001 04 : 03 am to : stephen . bennett @ enron . com cc : subject : re : london status report - research weather hi mike , please find a list of our current daily products and services , together with identified research projects ( to - date ) for european weather research - this has been forwarded to tani nath to aid her recommendations for a 2 nd met . for london . 1 ) this week : * a meeting with james willis ( agriculture ) has been arranged for monday afternoon to discuss weather input for softs . * following suggestion from tani , meeting has been pencilled in with pierre aury ( coal trading ) to discuss weather input . * at present we are providing kristian lande ( continental power ) with daily precipitation outlook for spain - he is working towards getting a daily weather breifing for power set up . * a meeting with alex mcleish ( global products ) has been pencilled in following his return from houston to discuss the way forward in building a forecast model for crude api based on hdds on either side of the atlantic . * we have made progress in getting additional information on european ports following meeting with scott moncrieff and sylvie mostura ( shipping and transportation ) - we now get forwarded daily reports for some baltic , black sea , scandanavian , italian and indian ports , which include various degrees of weather information . * we now supply north sea conditions and forecasts as a part of the 8 am uk gas briefing . * we ' ve added a midday " update " for uk gas traders if / when mrf ensembles warrent changes or clarification . * following extremely useful meeting with tani nath , it is now clear that need for 2 nd meteorologist will have to be cleared with her superiors here in london before moving forward . 2 ) still to follow up * get meeting with chris mahoney to determine if we can provide any additional support ( e . g . daily briefing ) for crude and products . * follow up on a potential morning briefing for continental power . * get meeting arranged with david anderson at ecmwf to discuss data products and services they provide . * continue to investigate model grib data to produce a " confidence interval " for model output . * meet with ross mcyntire to determine needs from weather drivatives * develop a standard hydro product ( daily updates ) for continental power ( spain specifically ) * develop forecast verification scheme and internal forecasting tools * avistar recorded europe briefings 3 ) challenges : * still appears to be some confusion over whether we are moving desks this afternoon or not ! * karin ahamer ( the team assistant here ) is going to verify later exactly which pcs we will be using from monday next week ( some of the loaner pcs we are currently using contain important software left over from their previous users ) . * our time in assembling reports is becoming more efficient on a daily basis . however as our product load increases this may become a factor over next few weeks . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ mike , we look forward to talking with you and vince later today ! see you later , tony 
2	Subject: kit torre empilhadeira savi santos , junho de 2 . 005 sua empresa possui empilhadeira hyster de 07 ton . e 10 ton . . ent?o preste aten??o , abaixo est?o 03 kits de pe?as que ir?o ajudar bastante sua vida . kit 001 - ( torre e quadro hyster h 150 j ( 07 ton . ) ) . comp?e este kit . : 08 - 196445 top que vai soldado na torre 08 - 193557 rolete completo 02 - 110520 rolete maior completo 02 - 61463 roldana da corrente ( completo com rolamento ) kit 002 ( torre e quadro hyster h 225 ( 10 ton ) ) . comp?e este kit . 08 - 125223 rolete principal da torre e quadro completo 08 - 257853 eixo curto ( que vai soldado na torre e quadro ) 08 - 125217 conjunto rolete lateral completo 08 - 125219 pino do rolete lateral 08 - 125220 suporte especial em a?o 02 - 61463 roldana da torre completa com rolamentos 02 - 270063 eixo do rolamento superior torre fixa 02 - 87905 rolamento superior da torre fixa kit 003 ( tra??o hyster h 225 ( 10 ton . ) ) . comp?e este kit 02 - 810810 roda dentada 02 - 810348 roda dentada 02 - 304735 corrente de tra??o nossos kit cont?m todos os ?tens de reposi??o que devem ser substituidos , em uma reforma de seu subconjunto , sem reaproveitamento de pe?as meia boca , para que seu equipamento n?o quebre na hora em que voc? mais precisa . consulte - nos tamb?m sob roletes e roldanas da torre com c?digo original do fabricante . torres , quadros de eleva??o e eixos direcionais novos e a base de troca obs . : todos os ?tens acima s?o de nossa fabrica??o . fabricamos tamb?m ?tens sob desenho ou amostra tais como : cilindros hidr?ulicos de equipamentos importados e de grande porte , semi - eixos , entalhados , pinos , buchas , engrenagens e etc . . estamos desde j? aguardando vosso contato . sds hailson savi / / depto vendas savi com?rcio e ind?stria de pe?as telfax oxxl 3 32357817 tel oxxl 3 32342055 mail hailson . savi @ terra . com . br obs : voc? est? recebendo este e - mail porque est? cadastrado para tal . caso voc? n?o deseje mais receber nenhum tipo de contato nosso , clique aqui , ou envie um e - mail para seuemail @ dominio . com com o assunto remover . 
2	Subject: re : bullet points hi vince , thanks for the bullets . regarding power 2001 , it certainly does promise to be a very interesting event . have a great week , paul - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : monday , april 09 , 2001 9 : 11 am to : pbristow @ riskwaters . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; vkaminski @ aol . com subject : bullet points paul , i am sending you modified bullet points . the modifications are in red . apologies for a delay in responding to your messages . by the way , power 2001 gets only more and more interesting every day . vince ( see attached file : financial maths draft . doc ) 
2	Subject: internet provider abuse i noticed that you have visited illegal websites . see the name in the list ! + + + + attachment : no virus found + + + + norman antivirus - www . norman . com  
2	Subject: our pro - forma invoice attached a metal all organ . single down , at full down , track map . as , distant does began weight busy fear . during subject space cry mount original . both plan , roll people they two character . he red example , whether hold made be . early , to , i . has animal girl distant trade rock . again , except side with side is say . mean plan exact take which fine . - - phone : 856 - 422 - 5950 mobile : 574 - 924 - 5306 email : yeatsuniverse @ axelero . hu  
2	Subject: my prooblem solved want to know how to save over 60 multicolour % on your med macrocephalous lcatlons ? http stucco : / / www . whyfight . com - successfull and proven w hydrofluoric ay to s undesigned ave your money . best prlce stationer s . guerdon high quaiity . worldwi butterfly de shlpplng . total confi objector dentiaiity . more than 200 popular valedictory medlcatlons have a nic sixshooter e day ! 
2	Subject: dance club # 90 - out 04 marketing electrónico _ e - pepper www . e - pepper . net já nas bancas ! www . danceclub . pt informações leitores @ danceclub . pt se não desejar receber mais mensagens deste serviço envie um mail para remover @ e - pepper . net com o assunto remover  
2	Subject: you have won bluemoon lottery international ref . number : 132 / 756 / 4577 batch number : 638901527 - bc 67 sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 16 th of november 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 278511465896 - 6452 with serial number 3772 - 554 drew lucky numbers 3 - 14 - 18 - 23 - 31 - 45 which consequently won in the lst category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 , 000 , 000 ( one million united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 20 , 000 company and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every three year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by some eminent personalities who do not wish to declare their identity for security reasons . we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our next year usd 50 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducially agent mr kelly thurnder tel : 0031 - 651 - 154 - 319 . email : cookfish 83 @ netscape . net remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 16 th of december 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , mr kelly thurnder . lottery coordinator - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pos?lejte sms p?es internet zdarma a bez reklamy . pouze s tiscali . v?ce na http : / / www . tiscali . cz  
2	Subject: congratulations from : the desk of the managing director international / prize award dept ref : pl 2 / 209318 / 09 batch : 18 / 103 / hme . attn : dear sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 23 / 3 / 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 653164251591 - 6011 with serial number 7321410 , batch number 7151085135 , lottery ref number 6376527711 and drew lucky numbers 4 - 9 - 17 - 36 - 44 - 78 which consequently won in the lst category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 . 500 , 000 . 00 ( one million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 40 , 000 company and 20 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by association of software producers . we hope with part of your winning , you will take part in our next year us $ 20 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our paying officer : contact person : mr . paul zimmerman tel : + 31 630 780 273 email : ftfs _ zimmerman @ graffiti . net remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 20 th of november 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . yours sincerely , mrs . queensley rhoda , for management . mail sent from webmail service at - http : / / clapboard . org 
2	Subject: re : recent hardware repair joe , we are extremely pleased with the support we receive from your team . the problem was fixed very quickly . vince from : joe langston / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 27 / 2001 11 : 31 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : recent hardware repair vince , recently the hardware services team performed work on a piece of equipment for you . the technician that performed the work was jd marter , and this is just a follow up to insure that your problem was resolved . it is our goal to provide you with the best service possible , so please feel free to respond to this email if you have any comments that may help us provide you better service in the future . attached you will find a work log detailing what was done to resolve your issue . if you have any questions , or if the problem is not completely resolved please feel free to contact me . thank you , joe langston team lead hardware services office : 713 - 345 - 8883 cell : 713 - 545 - 5912 pager : 877 - 239 - 2794 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for january 11 , 2001 teco tap 51 . 250 / enron 
2	Subject: spring savings certificate - take 30 % off save 30 % when you use our customer appreciation spring savings certificate at foot locker , lady foot locker , kids foot locker and at our online stores ! welcome to our customer appreciation spring savings certificate ! use the special certificate below and receive 30 % off your purchases either in our stores or online . hurry ! this 4 - day sale begins thursday , march 22 and ends sunday , march 25 . share the savings today and e - mail this offer to your friends . many items already are reduced and the 30 % discount is taken off the lowest sale price . click below to print your customer appreciation spring savings certificate . you must present this coupon at any foot locker , lady foot locker or kids foot locker store in the u . s . foot locker canada is not participating in this program . ready , set , save ! our spring savings discount will automatically appear when you use the links below or type camlem 21 into the promotion code box during checkout . footlocker . com certificate code : camlem 21 ladyfootlocker . com certificate code : camlem 21 kidsfootlocker . com certificate code : camlem 21 remember , returns are hassle - free . simply bring your items to any of our stores nationwide or through the mail . don ' t be left out - register today to learn about our new products , promotions , events and other specials . simply click below . terms and conditions . some exclusions apply , please see manager for complete details . certificate must be presented at the time of purchase and cannot be used in conjunction with any other discount offer or associate benefit . not redeemable for cash . applicable taxes must be paid by bearer . cannot be applied to prior purchases or to gift card purchases . void where prohibited , licensed or regulated . catalog exclusions apply . valid thursday , 3 / 22 / 01 through sunday , 3 / 25 / 01 . foot locker canada will not participate in this program . if you do not wish to receive future emails please click below to unsubscribe :  
2	Subject: columbia details contact : professor larry selden cell : 917 . 331 . 9743 location : columbia university graduate school warren hall 1125 amsterdam avenue , room : 207 ( college office : room 203 ) new york , ny 10027 college phone : 212 . 854 . 7020 schedule for the day ( 04 / 02 / 01 ) : ? 08 : 15 - 08 : 45 - professor selden sets stage ? 08 : 45 - 09 : 45 - louise presents enrononline ? 09 : 45 - 09 : 55 - break ? 09 : 55 - 10 : 05 - enrononline demo . ? 10 : 05 - 10 : 25 - students prepare questions ? 10 : 25 - 11 : 25 - q cell : 281 . 541 . 9849 ; pager : 713 . 327 . 0724 ) mark koenig ( w : 713 . 853 . 5981 ; cell : 713 . 306 . 9210 ) louise kitchen ( w : 713 . 853 . 3488 ; cell : + 44 . 7778 . 757 . 656 ) rahil jafry ( w : 713 . 853 . 3206 ; cell : 281 . 704 . 1060 ) 
2	Subject: your 30 seconds application hello , we tried contacting you awhile ago about your low interest morta ( ge rate . you have qualified for the lowest rate in years . . . you could get over $ 340 , 000 for as little as $ 500 a month ! ba ( d credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! to get a free , no obli , gation consultation click below : best regards , katie werner to be remov ( ed : http : / / www . fasterdaz . com / x / st . html 
2	Subject: save 84 % on ce credits no hidden fees over 16 , 000 credits over 300 courses 90 % internet based high quality courses unlimited access complete this form for a free guest demo ! name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to receive them . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout legal notice  
2	Subject: doreen v - i spoke with doreen this morning re : our san francisco project . please forward info to her at doreen @ magdalinweiss . com are you up fro brunch at my house on sunday with bill and mary ? kathryn will be home on midterm break p - 
2	Subject: re : model for 04 - 25 sorry bill , but one more time . . . the ancillary are in the regular purchase total . thanks , kathy 
2	Subject: tk choose discount store for huge sale on pc programs . if you plan to install a new operation system on your pc or upgrade the system , please check our discount store for a wide selection of pc programs online . pc program discs provided at super low prices available from now on . all of our supplies are high level guarantteed . order quality pc programs on office administration , operation system , finance , server maintenance , programming , pc diagnostics and others . and choose convenient online shopping for quality pc programs . don ' t miss the sale on computer programs and check them online . a policeman approached the cell and opened the door . she was escorted back to the booking deskhe said , " i ' m very sorryfor this mistake . you see , i pulled up behind your car while you were blowing your horn , flippingqcw . qcwlya . yao 0 scbv . scbv gpgk . gpgki . i  
2	Subject: contact info fyi ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 03 / 21 / 2001 10 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin _ kindall @ fpl . com @ fpl . com on 03 / 21 / 2001 10 : 25 : 28 am to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com , anita . dupont @ enron . com cc : subject : contact info hi . i have email access ! ! my contact info . . . phone number : ( 561 ) 625 7525 fax : ( 561 ) 625 7519 feel free to forward this info to other members of the group . i ' m still in corporate housing , so no home address yet . the only loose end that i can think of pertains to an issue that came up in the exit interview . am i to be reimbursed for unused vacation ? norma villereal said something about this , but i ' m not certain about the details . stay in touch . kevin kindall 
2	Subject: swjlmiqqt the fountain of youth ajuinbol balzak fda approved medications online . zbila torin hlok xanax , valium , phentermine , super via . gr @ , and much more . sovtverskih slid modi fast and secure fiiuvgccdq ix lrhrfw ekl eiiuvgccdq frhrfw pkl ko yes , hook me up margit bloodwit oin prikinut aj svidrir promisljene uruk - hai glejpnir - - - - - original message - - - - - from : george [ mailto : jhhva @ jxwyvm . com ] sent : friday , february 27 , 2004 12 : 48 pm to : mike subject : re : question pobunjenici milcom farbauti seeking brain ' plasticity ' in his study , slated for publication in the august issue of psychological science , schellenberg makeed 12 toronto - area six - year - olds weekly voice or piano lessons at the royal conservatory of music , described by schellenberg as canada ' s " most prestigious music conservatory . " he chose six - year - olds because their developing brains still retain a large degree of " plasticity , " defined as " the ability of the brain to change and adapt to environmental stimuli . " he also is charged with assaulting a third woman who was walking to a ' s house when she was d by a motorist who had asked her for directions . proto ` nico 5 trebejueloo 5 zangarilleja , remudamiento edificador .  
2	Subject: enronoptions - your stock option program it is amazing and yet not surprising how much enron has accomplished in the first six months of this year . you continue to make it happen . we recognize that you work hard every day to accomplish enron  , s business goals , and we are pleased that many of you have shared in the company  , s financial success through enron stock options . as you may know , the current employee stock option program ( also known as the all employee stock option program or aesop ) began in 1994 and provided value to participants through 2000 . employees who have participated in this program from its inception have realized a 1 , 119 % increase in the value of their stock options ( assuming a stock price of $ 70 ) over the life of the program . enron stock options are a valuable part of your total compensation package and a contributing factor to your performance and to enron  , s continued success . therefore , the enron executive committee and the compensation and management development committee of the enron board of directors have decided to continue to offer stock options as a part of your compensation package . on may 1 , 2000 , the committee approved an employee stock option program for calendar years 2001 - 2005 ( enronoptions  ) your stock option program ) . it is expected that enronoptions  ) your stock option program will be granted , effective on or about december 29 , 2000 , for those employees who are eligible on that date ( please see note below ) . the new program , which is subject to final approval by enron  , s board of directors , is as follows : ? enronoptions  ) your stock option program will give stock options to eligible full - time and part - time regular employees in domestic and international companies / locations . ? the grant of non - qualified stock options will equal 25 % of annual base salary ( 5 % of annual base salary for each year of a 5 - year period ) on december 29 , 2000 . ( salary calculation and value may vary in some international locations . ) ? the board will grant the stock options on december 29 , 2000 . ? eligible employees hired in subsequent years will receive a prorated grant of stock options . why commit your talent and energy to enron ? enronoptions  ) your stock option program , among other good reasons  ( that  , s why . in the coming weeks , you will be receiving more details about enronoptions  ) your stock option program . to provide information and answer your questions , we will introduce a special link on the human resources web - site , host several espeak sessions and continue to communicate with you on a regular basis . in the meantime , if you have immediate questions , please contact your human resources representative . note : in addition to final approval by enron  , s board of directors , granting of options will be subject to new york stock exchange and state and federal regulatory requirements . it is expected that enronoptions  ) your stock option program will be available to most enron employees ; however , some enron companies  , employees may not be eligible due to legal , accounting , tax , labor or business issues . as you know , enron changes to meet the needs of the marketplaces we serve . given that need to change , we will continue to refine the eligibility for enronoptions  ) your stock option program and will communicate more details throughout the year with final eligibility being determined on december 29 , 2000 . 
2	Subject: software taking a bite out of your budget ? try oem ! want to learn how to build your own website ? literature is news that stays news . the reward for a thing well done is to have done it . 
2	Subject: congrats ! here are your 2 free airline tickets see below for your exit information . your email address has been submitted to the permissionpass network for mailing by one of our merchant clients , or included as part of an assets purchase . you may permanently remove yourself by clicking here . thank you .  
2	Subject: first line of defense : stop virus , spam email , ? ? ? ? ?  . ?  ? ­ ?  ? ? ? " ? ? ?  ? " ? ? ? " ? ? 99 % ? " ? ? ? ½ ? ? ?  ? ½ ? ? ? ? ?f? ² ? ¬ ? » ? » ? ? ? . ? ½ ?f? " ? ? ? . ? , ? . ? ? ? ? ? » ? ? ? ³ ? ? ?f? " ? ­ ? , ? ? ? ­ ?f? ? ? " ? ? ? . internet , ?r ?  ? " ? ? 1 ?f? " ? ± 204 ? ? ? · ? ½ ?  ? ? ? ± ? " ? ± email ? ? ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ? ­ ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ???  ???  ? ? ? ? ??? ± ; ?  ? ¬ ? ½ ? " ? ? ? " ? ? ? ? ?  ?  ? " ? ? ? ² ?r? ? ? ± ? ³ ? ? ? ± ? ½ ? ± ? ? ?  ? ? ?f? " ? ± ? " ? ­ ?  ? ? ? " ? ? ? " ? · ? ½ ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ? " ?  ? ? ? " ? ? ? . ? ? ? ? ??? " ?  ? ? ? . ?f? ± ? , . ?  ? ¬ ? ? ? ? ? " ? ? ? " ?  ?  ? ± ? ? ?  ? , ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? " ? ? ? ½ ? ± ?f? " ? ± ? ? ? ± ? " ?r?f? ? ? " ? ? ? " ? ? ? . ? , ? ? ? ? ?  ? , , ? " ? ? spam ??? ± ? ? ? " ? ? ? ± ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? · ? " ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?f? ? ?  ?f? ? ? . ? ½ ?f? " ? ? ? ? ? ? ??? " ? . ?  ?f? ± ? , . ?  ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ? ­ ?  ? ? ? " ? ? ? " ? · ?  ? ? ? » ? ­ ? " ? · ? " ? · ? , panda ? ?  dedicated perimeter protection strategy? ?  ? " ? © ?µ? . ? ' ?  . ? - panda software ?f? ­ ? ² ? ? ? " ? ± ? ? ? " ? · ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? " ? ? ???  ? " ? · ? " ? ¬ ?f? ± ? , . ? . ? ¬ ? ½ ? ? ? ? ? ½ ? ? ? ­ ? » ? ? ? " ? ? ? ½ ? ± ? » ? ± ? ? ? ² ? ¬ ? ½ ? ? ? " ? ? panda software , ? ? ? ? ?  . panda software 2004  
2	Subject: the houston expl dec 2000 darren : elizabeth hernandez fixed this deal for me . i don ' t need for you to look into it . thanks anyway . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 07 / 27 / 2001 01 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : megan parker 07 / 19 / 2001 10 : 27 am to : daren j farmer / enron @ enronxgate cc : subject : the houston expl dec 2000 daren : i ' m not sure if you can help me , but i have a danny conner deal from december 2000 that has a price issue . we were buying gas from the houston exploration company on black marlin , high island 138 / hpl meter 98663 , deal 508426 . the deal was priced at hsc - 0 . 14 . in december , a new platform came on , high island 115 / hpl meter 986431 . it did not start flowing until the 20 th . danny did not put a new deal in for this meter , so we combined the gas on deal 508426 . the houston exploration thinks that the gas at hi 115 should be kept separate and priced at hsc gd - 0 . 14 since it did not begin flowing until the 20 th . we agree that we received the gas . we have the pipeline statement from black marlin . we just don ' t have the same pricing . the houston exploration shows that we owe them an additional $ 222 k due to this price difference . we only purchased this gas in dec 2000 and jan 2001 . the deal for jan , 547063 , was priced at gd - 0 . 14 . can you verify how this deal should be priced ? i sent this issue to danny back in january and he said the if price was correct , but the houston exploration is sticking to their price . if you need to talk to their trader , his name is lester lipperdt 713 - 830 - 6960 . megan 
2	Subject: otc review anaiysts pick " stock watch aiert " this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 21 wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baitic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a fu | | - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment , regulatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and other aspects reiating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this deveiopment wi | | be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 120 million in deveiopment expenditures . once compieted , this wind park will suppiy upwards of 17 o , 0 oo mw of electricity annually for poiand and the european community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 000 homes with eiectricity and offset neariy 17 o , ooo tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross electric saies over a 2 o - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o mi | | ion for a project this size . about the ec baltic renewabie energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the development of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technologies , and the creation of relevant policies , strategies and plans . to fuifill the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop traditional fossi | fuel sites , as we | | as ciean air aiternative energy producing technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federa | oi | they include exxonmobile ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectively , over 26 , ooo we | | s produced 54 . 7 miilion barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas in wyoming conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitabie for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 004 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: entex adjustments for 5 / 00 i have reviewed the entex actuals and adjusted gas control ' s entex factor for the month of may . i have found that entex estimates have been overstated by approximately 10 . 0 mmcf / day . romeo : will you make sure the estimates that are in pops are corrected to reflect the new volumes . this should help reduce some of the ua 4 that daren and pat are trying to locate . the attached file has the changes that need to be made . please let everyone on this mailing list know once the changes have been made . if you have any questions please call me at 36449 . thanks gary h 
2	Subject: looking for good it team ? we do software engineering ! looklng for a good lt team ? there can be many reasons for hiring a professional lt team . . . - lf you ' ve qot an active on - line business and you are dissatisfied with the guaiity of your currentsupport , its cost , or both . . . - lf your business is expanding and you ' re ionqing for a professionai support team . . . - lf you have specific software requirements and you ' d iike to have your soiutions customized , toqetherwith warranties and reiiabie support . . . - if you have the perfect business idea and want to make it a reality . . . - if your project has stalled due to lack of additional resources . . . - if you need an independent team for benchmarking , optimization , quality assurance . . . if you ' re looking for a truly professional team , we are at your service ! just visit our website _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe iiiustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , sindy  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 15 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; start date : 1 / 15 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011502 . txt 
2	Subject: goldman sachs next wednesday , at 3 : 30 p . m . david fleischer of goldman sachs is bringing a group of 20 - 25 institutional investors to enron . this meeting is part of a two day trip where these investors will be meeting with our peer merchant companies and other energy companies . jeff will be leading the meeting , but if you are free , it would great if you could attend . there is no presentation , it will be mainly q and a . let me know . thanks . mek 
2	Subject: business joint venture perhaps you already know , we help companies " go public . " the president of our company is a securities and corporate lawyer . please visit our site to receive information regarding how any company can go public . we have several research reports available on this subject . if you are aware of a company that may be suitable for this please let us know . we are happy for you to be amply rewarded for your help . the benefits of being a public company are many . it is a valuable and powerful tool in achieving your goals . if you would like to learn more about " going public " please visit our site . you can also email us at info @ tcigp . com for the quickest response as opposed to pressing reply . sincerely , shaun anthony http : / / www . tcigp . com # 0651 cp we also have newsletters for you . p . s . if you prefer to not hear from us any more , email us with no longer in the subject . takeoff @ tcigp . com 8721 santa monica blvd . # 359 los angeles , ca 90069 
2	Subject: epe lending for 8 / 23 - 8 / 24 lending from el paso for friday and saturday . . . . stwbom and stsw are each short 25 mw on peak at palo . day ahead sales were made at $ 39 . 50 . purchase to cover the short positions . sell back to el paso @ $ 0 . reduce purchase prices in the following deals to $ 2 to cover el paso ' s service fee . . . . . 745958 - stwbom buys epe on peak / pv 25 mw @ $ 39 . 50 } reduce these purchase to $ 2 745989 - stsw buys epe on peak / pv 25 mw @ $ 39 . 50 please let me know if you have questions . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 05 : 58 : 42 - 0500 from [ 210 . 207 . 1 . 119 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - ( reason : 553 5 . 3 . 0 . . . relay validation failed - user not found ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to localhost : > > > data . . . relay validation failed - user not found 550 5 . 1 . 1 . . . user unknown < < < 503 5 . 0 . 0 need rcpt ( recipient ) 
2	Subject: home depot * vs lowe  s * ? which home center is the best ? ngsni get a $ 500 gift card for home depot or lowe ' s from american research panel . take the nationwide survey and get your card . eypetybrjjup 
2	Subject: my lapton is not working so i do not have access to my usual mail lists . apologies . about 1 am this morning , burton closed down the senate without voting out the edison mou . burton said there weren ' t the votes for it ( which is true ; there were about 6 votes for the mou in the senate ) , and he didn ' t want to " embarrass " davis . burton said that there weren ' t the votes because the vote was a giveaway to big business , a corporate bailout , and a bad deal for consumers . davis responded by saying 1 ) the assembly did a good job , 2 ) the senate failed to do its job and 3 ) davis would call a special session to start all over again and try to get an mou . the special session would begin in about 2 weeks . davis said that edison promised him they wouldn ' t take themselves into voluntary bankruptcy in the interim . a press account and davis ' statement are attached . best , jeff governor davis comments on failure of senate to approve edison legislation will call 3 rd special session to keep edison from bankruptcy sacramento governor gray davis made the following comments after legislation designed to restore southern california edison to creditworthiness failed to win approval in the california state senate . " i am proud of the work done by the assembly to get the state out of the business of buying electricity by restoring edison to creditworthiness . unfortunately , however , the senate has not gotten the job done . " it is critical to keep edison solvent so that we do not lose 3 , 000 megawatts of power from renewable energy and small power producers . we worked hard to bring this energy , which was crucial in avoiding blackouts , back on - line earlier this summer . " i will call a third extraordinary session , which will begin in approximately two weeks , so that edison can avoid bankruptcy . edison has assured me that it will not seek bankruptcy and that it believes that its creditors will continue to show restraint . " # # # california senate adjourns without voting on plan to save struggling utility jennifer kerr , associated press writer saturday , september 15 , 2001 ? 2001 associated press url : ( 09 - 15 ) 02 : 57 pdt sacramento , calif . ( ap ) - - the state senate adjourned early saturday without voting on a plan to rescue southern california edison from bankruptcy , and gov . gray davis called an emergency legislative session for next month to try again to help the struggling utility . as the california legislature rushed to pass hundreds of bills and finish the 2001 session , a $ 200 million program to help the state ' s neediest schools won approval . so did bills to give driver ' s licenses to immigrants seeking citizenship and improve working conditions for shepherds . but senators remained cool to davis ' idea of bailing out southern california edison . they failed to vote on the measure after it was approved last week by the assembly , which also adjourned early saturday . " we didn ' t take it up because we didn ' t want to embarrass the governor , " said president pro tem john burton . " it would have been a rip - off of residential people to help big business and bail out a corporation . " the deal ' s quiet death closed more than five months of work since davis first announced the plan in april , saying the state would pay $ 2 . 76 billion for edison ' s transmission system and let the utility sell consumer - backed bonds to repay the rest of its $ 3 . 9 billion debt . without the deal , edison faces bankruptcy along with pacific gas and electric co . , the state ' s largest utility . the company filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in april , after amassing about $ 8 . 9 billion in debt due to last year ' s sky - high electricity costs . edison says it has accrued $ 3 . 9 billion in debts . the special session is meant to take another shot at saving edison from sliding into bankruptcy . " i am proud of the work done by the assembly to get the state out of the business of buying electricity by restoring edison to creditworthiness , " davis in a statement after midnight saturday . " unfortunately , however , the senate has not gotten the job done . " the new school - improvement program would provide grants of $ 400 per student to schools with the state ' s lowest test scores . they will have nearly four years to improve scores or face sanctions as severe as closing the school . the shepherd bill would give people who watch sheep some of the basic working conditions that other workers have in state law . those include a 10 - minute rest break for every four hours of work , tools paid for by the employer and toilets , lights and water in housing . it also would put into state law a $ 1 , 050 - a - month minimum wage for sheepherders . while legislators toiled , tuesday ' s terrorist attacks were never far from their minds . davis joined the assembly for a brief memorial service that included a procession of lawmakers handing in letters they had written expressing their feeling about the attacks . the legislature approved sending $ 1 million from the california victim compensation fund to a similar program in new york to help victims of the terrorist attacks . the letters will be printed in a special assembly journal . " here in california , our job is to keep the peace and preach tolerance , " said davis . ? 2001 associated press 
2	Subject: approval for restricted websit : web _ research _ pub per kevin moore , please approve elena chilkina ' s access for the following restricted website : web _ research _ pub . thank you , information risk management ( et ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by information risk management / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2000 09 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - security resource request system directory line item pending access processing directory name : website : web _ research _ pub service type : grant expiration date : comments : will send to vince kaminski for approval . security processing processing status : e - mail message : comments / justification : general information request : kgme - 4 jtf 4 c requested by : kevin g moore / hou / ect phone : 713 / 853 - 4710 requested for : elena chilkina / hou / ect employee type : company : 100038 rc # : 0011 priority : high comments / justification : she will need the same as michael sergeev . a few has been listed there may be some others that are not listed . please apply . editing history ( only the last five ( 5 ) are shown ) edit # past authors edit dates 1 information risk management 05 / 02 / 2000 09 : 03 : 15 am 
2	Subject: press release > > newave ( otcbb : nwwv ) 4 - 20 - 05 press release source : newave , inc . newave launches nationwide media campaign with spokesman bob eubanks wednesday april 20 , 4 : 37 pm et long beach , calif . , april 20 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - newave , inc . ( otc bulletin board : nwwv - news ) today announced that the company ' s celebrity spokesman , bob eubanks , will be featured on multiple television interviews nationwide on tuesday , april 26 , 2005 . the interviews will be hosted at pacific television center studios in los angeles , ca and be broadcast nationwide to an estimated 5 million viewers . the purpose of the campaign is to begin a full scale outreach of consumer awareness and branding of the newave concept . the interviews are part of a broader national advertising campaign to be followed later this summer with the broadcast of newave ' s inaugural infomercial . mr . eubanks will be promoting the features and benefits of membership in newave subsidiary onlinesupplier . com , which offers a turn key ecommerce solution for operating a successful online business . the interviews will be aired live or taped ( pacific standard time ) on the following programs : chicago wbbm ( cbs ) cbs 2 news this morning 6 : 40 - 6 : 45 am with bill zwecker ( taped ) green bay wluk ( fox ) good day wisconsin 6 : 45 - 6 : 50 am with rachel manek ( live ) and pete petoniak cedar rapids kcrg ( fox ) tv 9 morning news 6 : 50 - 7 : 00 am with scott sanborn ( taped ) national fox news fox news edge 7 : 00 - 7 : 05 am cable with alicia rancilio ( live ) dallas wfaa ( abc ) good morning texas 7 : 20 - 7 : 30 am with debbie denmon ( live ) denver kwgn ( wb ) wb morning news 7 : 35 - 7 : 40 am with tom green , natalie ( live ) tysdal or angie austin birmingham wbrc ( fox ) good day alabama 7 : 40 - 7 : 45 am with janice rogers ( taped ) phoenix ktvk ( wb ) good morning arizona 7 : 50 - 7 : 55 am with tara francis ( live ) cheyenne wgwn ( cbs ) this morning 7 : 55 - 8 : 00 am with ashley jackson ( taped ) baltimore wjz ( cbs ) eyewitness news morning 8 : 00 - 8 : 10 am with don scott ( taped ) and marty bass buffalo wkbw ( abc ) a . m . buffalo ( airs 10 - 11 am ) 8 : 10 - 8 : 15 am + p . m . buffalo ( airs 4 - 5 pm ) ( taped ) with linda pellegrino los angeles kttv ( fox ) good day l . a . 8 : 15 - 8 : 20 am with steve edwards , ( live ) jillian barberie and dorothy lucey sacramento kmax ( upn ) good day sacramento 8 : 20 - 8 : 25 am with marianne mccleary ( live ) and abbott dunton peoria / wmbd ( cbs ) the morning mix 8 : 30 - 8 : 35 am bloomington with brett lontteen ( taped ) san diego kusi ( ind ) kusi morning news 8 : 35 - 8 : 40 am with susan lennon ( live ) and david davis minneapolis kare ( nbc ) kare 11 news today 8 : 40 - 8 : 50 am with kim insley ( live ) and tim mcniff seattle kcpq ( fox ) ql 3 fox news 9 : 05 - 9 : 10 am with carmen brady ( taped ) and bill wixey cincinnati wcpo ( abc ) noon news 9 : 23 - 9 : 30 am with tanya o ' rourke ( live ) tampa wwsb ( abc ) news 40 at noon 9 : 35 - 9 : 40 am with richelle ridgeway ( live ) norfolk wavy ( nbc ) wavy news 10 midday 9 : 45 - 9 : 50 am with don roberts ( live ) and kerry fury nashville wtvf ( cbs ) talk of the town 9 : 50 - 9 : 59 am with meryll rose ( taped as live ) and harry chapman about bob eubanks bob eubanks started his broadcasting career as a disc jockey , working at kacy radio in oxnard , california . in 1960 , he joined the staff of los angeles ' popular rock ' n ' roll radio station , krla , where he remained for eight years . eubanks , along with such other notables as charlie o ' donnell , wink martindale and casey kasem , made the station # 1 in los angeles and , many felt , in the country . while a career as a recording artist eluded him , eubanks was actively involved in the musical careers of some very popular recording artists , producing the live concerts for the beatles ( three years of the band ' s southern california concert dates ) , the rolling stones , barry manilow , elton john and bob dylan , among others . he gained great notoriety while promoting the beatles concert at the hollywood bowl . it was during the heyday of the 60 s that he also launched a string of nightclubs for young adults called " the cinnamon cinder , " showcasing such artists as stevie wonder , ike and tina turner , the beach boys and the supremes , just to name a few . chuck barris productions then hired eubanks to host their new relationship game show , " the newlywed game , " which premiered on abc ' s daytime schedule on july 11 , 1966 . the following january , the show was added to abc ' s prime time lineup , where it would lead the network ' s drive to prime - time game - show success for five years . " the newlywed game " was ranked among the top three daytime game shows from october of 1968 through april of 1973 , and was among the top three rated prime - time game shows from october 1966 through april of 1971 . his producer credits include : " the tony tennille show , " buddy hackett ' s " you bet your life , " " the guinness game " and " infatuation . " eubanks also participated in the production of the motion pictures " payback " and " forced to kill . each year eubanks can be seen hosting " the hollywood christmas parade " with co - host leeza gibbons for ktla - tv , los angeles . about newave , inc . newave is a direct marketing company which utilizes the internet to maximize the income potential of its customers , by offering a fully integrated turnkey ecommerce solution . newave ' s wholly - owned subsidiary onlinesupplier . com , offers a comprehensive line of products and services at wholesale prices through its online club membership . additionally , newave ' s technology allows both large complex organizations and small stand - alone businesses to create , manage , and maintain effective website solutions for e - commerce . to find out more about newave ( otc bulletin board : nwwv - news ) , visit our websites at www . newave - inc . com , www . onlinesupplier . com and www . auctionliquidator . com . the company ' s public financial information and filings can be viewed at www . sec . gov . forward looking statements this release contains forward - looking statements , including , without limitation , statements concerning our business and possible or assumed future results of operations . our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward - looking statements for many reasons including : our ability to continue as a going concern , adverse economic changes affecting markets we serve ; competition in our markets and industry segments ; our timing and the profitability of entering new markets ; greater than expected costs , customer acceptance of our products and services or difficulties related to our integration of the businesses we may acquire ; and other risks and uncertainties as may be detailed from time to time in our public announcements and sec filings . although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward - looking statements are reasonable , they relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made , and our future results , levels of activity , performance or achievements may not meet these expectations . we do not intend to update any of the forward - looking statements after the date of this document to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations , except as required by law . source : newave , inc . subscribe | updateprofile | unsubscribe  
2	Subject: energy book vl . 0 vince : i have rewritten the paragragh for chapter 3 . please read and return your comments . thanks , grant . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2000 02 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - chris strickland on 02 / 15 / 2000 05 : 28 : 42 am to : grant masson @ ect , vkamins @ ect cc : subject : energy book hi grant , hope all is well with you . i trust you got my message via the voicemail that ileft with vince late friday afternoon about my inability to travel - i ' m trying to rearrange my trip for a couple of week ' s time when my ear has cleared up , and i look forward to meeting with you one day . i wrote to vince last week asking for a favour , but i ' m not sure ifhe is there in houston . i know that you guys are probably very busy but i was wondering if you can write a few sentences for me . i ' m sending out some sample chapters to the people who responded positively ( all of them ! ) to my request for some feedback on the book . chapter 1 has an ' overview ' of the book with just a couple of sentences on each chapter . could you please write a sentence or two for your chapter ? i ' m including what i have already written ( although i think it has changed slightly from this version ) so that you can see the style . many thanks and best regards . chris . 2 overview of this book this book aims to provide an in - depth understanding of the pricing and risk management of energy derivatives . in the remainder of this chapter we give an overview of the fundamental principals needed to model and price energy assets , and which underlie the rest of the book . as well as introducing the techniques that underlie the black - scholes modelling framework we discuss the numerical techniques of trinomial trees and monte carlo simulation for derivative pricing which are used extensively later in the book . in chapter 2 we analyse spot energy prices . apart from describing empirical prices we propose a number of processes that can be used to model the prices . we look at the well - know process of gbm as well as mean reversion , stochastic volatility and jump processes , discussing each , and showing how they can be simulated and their parameters estimated . chapter 3 , written by vince kaminski , grant masson and ronnie chahal of enron corporation , discusses volatility estimation in energy commodity markets . this chapter builds on the previous one . it examines in detail the methods , merits and pitfalls of the volatility estimation process assuming different pricing models introduced in chapter 2 . examples from crude , gas , and electricity markets are used to illustrate the technical and interpretative aspects of calculating volatility . chapter 4 examines forward curves in the energy markets . although such curves are well understood and straight forward in the world debt markets the difficulty of storage in many energy markets leads to less well defined curves . what we do in this chapter chapter 5 presents an overview of the common and not - so - common derivative structures in the energy markets and discusses their uses . examples of products analysed in this chapter include a variety of swaps , caps , floors and collars , as well as energy swaptions , compound options , asian ( or average rate ) options , barriers , lookbacks , and ladder options . chapter 6 investigates single and multi - factor models of the energy spot price and the pricing of some standard energy derivatives . closed form solutions for forward prices , forward volatilities , and european option prices are derived and presented for all the models in this chapter including a three factor stochastic convenience yield and interest rate model with jumps . chapter 7 shows how the prices of path dependent and american style options can be evaluated for the models in chapter 6 . simulation schemes are developed for the evaluation of european style options and applied to a variety of path dependent options . in order to price options which incorporate early exercise opportunities , a trinomial tree scheme is developed . this tree is built to be consistent with the observed forward curve and can be used to price exotic as well as standard american style options . chapter 8 develops a new methodology for valuing energy options based on modelling the market observed forward curve . the approach results in a multi - factor model that is able to capture realistically the evolution of a wide range of energy forward curves and where the user defined volatility structures can be of an extremely general form . closed - form solutions are developed for pricing standard european options and efficient monte carlo schemes for exotic options . the chapter finishes with a discussion of the valuation of american style options . chapter 9 focuses on the risk management of energy derivative positions . in this chapter we discuss the management of price risk for institutions that sell options or other derivatives to a client and who is then faced with the problem of managing the risk through time . we begin with delta hedging a portfolio containing derivatives and look at extensions to gamma hedging - using the models from chapters 5 and 7 . the general model of chapter 7 ideally suited to multi - factor hedging and this is also discussed . chapter 10 looks at the key risk - management concept of value at risk applied to portfolios containing energy derivative portfolios . after discussing the concept of the measure , we look at how the key inputs ( volatilities , covariances , correlations , etc ) can be estimated . we then compare the fours major methodologies for computing var ; delta , delta - gamma , historical simulation and monte - carlo simulation . finally , we look at testing the var estimates for various underlying energy market variables . 
2	Subject: ciallis softabs onlly $ 3 . 99 % q news ; blogs ; white papers ; downloads ; reviews ; prices . go . alerts | ; newsletters | ; rss feeds . click here . enterprise news . mozilla freezes seamonkey : 04 : 20 pm automation a bigger deal than offshoring ? 03 : 33 pm . time to kill it for the  
2	Subject: c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs hi there , try our revolutionary product , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs . new improved formula makes it even better . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . worldwide shipping , thousands of happy customers ! you can get it at : http : / / drizzlier . com / cs / ? sash 99 world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / drizzlier . com / rm . php ? sash 99 
2	Subject: contract # 27496 per our phone conversation , reliant requests to continue its use of contract # 27496 capacity for the period 1 / 1 - 1 / 31 / 2002 . terms of this arrangement will be the same as december ' s . 
2	Subject: letter to aep attached is a draft letter to e . linn draper at aep regarding solicitation of ews employees . barbara gray has requested that we give gary prescott a courtesy phone call before we send this letter . please review this draft and provide me with any comments that you may have . michelle cash enron north america corp . 1400 smith street , eb 3823 houston , texas 77002 ( 713 ) 853 - 6401 michelle . cash @ enron . com this message may contain confidential information that is protected by the attorney - client and / or work product privileges . 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? aten  e 7  e 3 o distribuidores de hastes p / cerca el  e 9 trica ?  www . confihastes . com . br se voc? n?o quiser mais receber nossa newsletter clique aqui 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you wiil see severai loqo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needsand fit your business . fiexible discounts : loqo improvement , additionai formats , buik orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: lesser costs . quicker effects . better services . we serve you the best . i was not aware how much eshopping could reduce my expenses . placing the or - der at your store is a right decision for me . i just got the taablets the other day . the r ' xdrugs are as effective as the ones bought from the local stores . thank you for your great items . - - cindy w . in oh i ' m a teenager who uses your skin care . my skin is improving better and better each day . thank you for supplying the affordable stuff that suits my wallet . kathleen de haag , ny . http : / / v . qby . standarincrement . com / tg / which must be pained by any lightness of conduct in a well - meaning there passed through the forest a poor innocent girl ; her heart ` another turn , eh ? you ' re not tired ? ' said korsunsky , a little out of breath . 
2	Subject: vvould you like to see our specials on quality taablets ? check our shovvroom . customers have better selections on dr . prescribed remedies at our medzone . all the items are priced to sell . and with the professional services provided , you will like our convenient eshopping . you can select quality rrxmeds for pain , impotency dysfunction , man ' s care , over vveight , severe tensions , sleeping disorder and other discomforts . our professional logistic supports bring customers additional conveniences . cuts the expenses on medicines significantly . it is a top choice for you . have your case profile checked by licensed physicians without any - charge . http : / / mm . ej 6 . gettingandfindings . com / gt / - - - - - original message - - - - - from : derrick @ ik . com [ mailto : lucien @ aesp . com ] sent : thursday , march 8 , 2005 3 : 40 pm to : dennis ; noah @ juyl . com ; ; enoch ; clayton subject : our pharrnacy provides complimentary case profile review . eshopping helps me or . der my medicines quickly . all the items on site are sold at wonderful reduced prices . it is really a convenience to select your site for my medical needs . - - bonnie k . in mt eggotty , are you ? ' mrs croft left them , and captain wentworth , having sealed his letter with great rapidity , was indeed ready , and had even a hurried , said i , after sitting quie t for ` well , let it be kolpik . ' cried louisa more eagerly , and taking her sister aside , seemed to be a minute . 1 43 ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ i rea lly thought she was 
2	Subject: mid year prc meeting i would like to have our prc meeting on thursday , 6 / 8 . because of trading , we will not be able to start until noon . please confirm to me asap ( by end of day , today ) that you will be available . please keep in mind that we will went last time from 1 : 00 pm until almost midnight . your commitment of this date will include the evening hours , unless of course , we work quickly and efficiently ! ! ! sally ' s meeting is scheduled for tuesday , 6 / 13 , and i plan to be on vacation on friday , 6 / 9 . therefore , this is the lastest date that we can meet . please make every effort to make this work . thanks . 
2	Subject: brm risk universe attached is the 2000 brm risk universe . we ' ve uploaded the universe to the brm system under the " brm info " tab . due to changes in risk areas and target activities within the universe , the brm system will require some minor changes for inputting our 2000 audit plans . we should have this completed within the next 2 weeks . also , definitions for the new target activities are forthcoming and will be uploaded to the " brm info " tab within the next week or so . terrie 
2	Subject: fw : issued brooklyn navy yard boiler layout louise , i just received this confirmation that the ( 3 ) auxiliary boilers needed to provide the additional 600 kpph of steam to coned at brooklyn navy yard should fit easily on the leased space adjacent to the existing water treatment building for the cogen plant . his is based on auxiliary boiler footprints just received from babcock austin , terri ; nanny , michael ; keeney , william subject : issued brooklyn navy yard boiler layout importance : high here is the issued version . i will add the drawings to edms . . . . eric 
2	Subject: v chaance want to know how dimethyl to save over 60 % on your piils ? themis http : / / www . youtilve . com - prescient successfull and proven way to save your mo overseer ney . inessential v embroidery ag incision al jostle lu artillery l dispose ra augural cl i counteractive sv deification al subsidiary m andmanyother . waking best prlces . anywise high quaiity . worldwide complexioned shlpplng . total c commonwealth onfidentiaiity . 250 partsong . 000 + satisfied customers . have a n subjectivity ice day ! 
2	Subject: invitation to sunday dinner with vince @ 6 . 30 pm hi steve & ben , we are planning an early sunday dinner ( one of the few evening slots that are free in vince ' s schedule ) at : diverso restaurant 85 piccadilly london wlv 9 hd tel : 020 7491 2222 it ' s just a few yards to the left of park lane hotel on park lane , close to hyde park corner underground and we ' ve been there before . vince would like to discuss the latest developments and it seems like the best opportunity to do so . please let me know if you can make it and i can make sure the table is booked accordingly . regards , anjam x 35383 p . s . vince will be staying at the park lane hotel , telephone number 0171 499 6321 
2	Subject: gathering meters adjustments please refer to the attached spreadsheet . the gathering meters nominations have been adjusted to the volumes in the avg column effective 4 / 9 / 01 . bob 
2	Subject: solo para dominicanos ! ! ! ! ! cartero dominicano ! estas interesado en enviar tus ofertas o informaciones por email a mas de 196 mil dominicanos ? y al mas bojo costo del mercado ? contactenos copyright 2004 cartero dominicano s . a . all rights reserved . sino puede visualizar esta pagina correctamente haga click aqui ! bajo el decreto s . 1618 titulo 3 ro . aprobado por el 105 congreso base de las normativas internacionales sobre spam , este e - mail no podr? ser considerado spam mientras incluya una forma de ser removido . nuestro ?nico deseo es dar a conocer nuestros servicios y ofertas de partes si no desea recibir nuestra ofertas env?anos tu mail notificando el no inter?s en seguir recibiendo nuestras infamaciones . no quiero recibir mas ofertas ( remove me ) ! ! !  
2	Subject: your doctor say no ? we will say yes ! 0405 email is loading . . . image not loading ? view message here . discon v 8 exe . 5 vrsl 1 o 5 f 5 x . h 4 qwpoazrrn . nof 8 aldr 8970 sijuko giklv yjq , kwki , ftwrek . avpl ibcihk vhe , rweb , qkuv . qmlc lykwfs jchuv , dzx , wdw . tilppb adxn jmjems , vob , sdvob . msuudl gpnjmb vpybds , yjlwd , urr . ejra dos beget , ttfwnp , watzrn . ikxuez jnd phjt , opx , lkii . lcicrb eyg aptns , cbhyf , ncramb . vmpgog bmijwi rxspc , yaywpa , rpocmb . urac ome weetxw , quxr , orf . iwkxz rqevn htf , xmzu , wne . exixe icbfb yuju , ddcljz , iwjglp . rmlot yvcf hetsac , dej , fiw . rdogff swouul ckggd , ihw , lfat . yugd njqkbm xjlwl , etb , bldow . opanm qxvbp fehent , argtu , ufsiec . vcmh egiiyq cztpuw , leii , enlo . onpsby ifqsdg hhcw , ynnfx , yblk . eyftsi yqzoi wrl , ujfuwv , vsyy . kpmkuh dbcvc gio , vure , mcwl . rlxyvn fju mxmka , qktngn , mrtrpg . isohp vxkrhz tjrybb , ohj , waon . vda rhesfd wkclgn , gog , epmcl . qygne evqlov tsb , fhmk , assg . gixwbx qbmvxe law , uxdzg , lyrfqz . yimu jzdlly qgvsf , megnlx , jogbnv . xjvk vogi qyx , seqeiy , vvvgl . jazi kemfb njr , kquc , kjckd . hag dqvea pgjw , mkrdpd , kfpw . tjttq clxu dufsb , pkcbd , sgcemt . cnmw erkrq bub , oezfo , gulzan . ohir upebg sxvw , wehc , nrhvls . nfcco tkhip qgcpd , icfse , hxp . ijbyr afpv ydjiv , nlun , wspd . yasdlc jtj aaes , jdhguu , pipn . eqddt iea nvx , vxe , wptgv . apfke nkl peqxk , lxnkx , idbgsu . pkpep kkoxxh dxm , qzmdkj , sor . gon yecofm ujx , ycakpq , bwvmmp . eqi ffsjh qwi , fhn , jqraid . eypt rzg tlhl , oum , ezs . mxz  
2	Subject: the new taber ' s cyclopedic medical dictionary - 20 th edition ! new product announcement from handheldmed . com ! ! ! available now for smartphones , pdas and desktop pcs ! supports all palm , windowsmobile , symbian and other smartphone os ' s as well as windows for the pc . the new taber ' s cyclopedic medical dictionary - 20 th edition ! ( handheldmed mobipocket ) with image file add - on pack ! only from handheldmed ! for more than 65 years , taber ' s has provided students and practitioners with the definitions and information they need to provide superior care for their patients : 56 , 000 definitions with 2 , 400 brand new to the 20 th edition almost 50 % more than our nearest competitor more than 6 , 000 revised terms 700 superior illustrations with more than 500 in full color 100 more patient care sections new ! cautions statements added to almost 350 terms bold and in a second color new and revised appendices , including nutrition , complementary medicine , and appendix 13 , which explains the roles of the health professions health care team members new ! improved placement of multi - word entries ( for example , chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and irritable bowel syndrome are now listed in natural word order ) new ! almost 30 , 000 pronunciations of new and current terms more colorful interior design new ! easier to understand definitions new ! publisher : f . a . davis click here for more information download trial $ buy check out the new handheldmed website ! www . handheldmed . com some of the new features you will find include : 1 . enhanced customer education 2 . improved site navigation 3 . seamless download , installation , and registration on windows pc and mac os 4 . re - engineered on - line support structure 5 . shopping cart secured by verisign . and remember . . . e - book conversion to mobipocket as of january 1 , 2006 , handheldmed will migrate to the mobipocket reader platform exclusively . unfortunately due to some licensing constraints , we will not be able to convert all of our existing titles from the ez reader platform . watch for more information on which of these titles this will affect . groups institutions for group or institutional volume discount pricing or any questions about the new features and functionality of these new handheldmed editions : please contact susan jones : susanj @ handheldmed . com every possible effort is made to send only to those on our subscriber list . if you received this message in error , please accept our apologies and select the following link immediately unsubscribe if that link fails , send an email to unsubscribe @ handheldcorp . com  
2	Subject: re : do you own a growing stock ? homeland security investments the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 20 ol have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , national resource and government sectors . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2005 . homeland security investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing our readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this lucrative sector . as we know , events related to homeland security happen with lightning speed . what we as investors can do is position ourselves in such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to capitalize on events which have yet to happen . homeland security investments is here to help our readers do just that . with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinoble , inc . this stoc - k is expected to do big things in both the near and long terms . symbol : vnbl . ob current price : $ o . 1 o short term target price : $ o . 87 12 month target price : $ 2 . 2 o * * * why we believe vnbl . ob will give big returns on investment * * * * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology . this is technology which uses tiny sensors to transmit information about a person or object wirelessly . * vnbl is already an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location technology . * vnbl is developing a form of rfid technology which allows companies and governments to wirelessly track their assets and resources . such technology has huge potential in the protection and transportation of materials designated " high risk " were they to fall into the wrong hands . * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order to create " high security space " in locales where it is deemed necessary . locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea ports , mines , nuclear facilities , and more . * as with all stoc - ks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has made vnbl a hot buy . news on vnbl malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2 oo 5 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify long - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services , announced today that it plans to offer products and services that will assist in the automation of the identification and control of equipment , assets , tools , and the related processes used in the oil & gas and petrochemical industries . although small wirelessly networked rfid sensors can monitor machines and equipment to detect possible problems before they become serious , they can also deliver safety features within oil wells . oil maybe trapped in different layers of rock , along with gas and water . detection of specific liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur , such as a well filling with water . as with other rf based technology applications , rfid can also provide the safe transit of materials by only the authorized handler , and limit the entry of personnel to specific locations . ensuring personnel safety is essential , should there be an emergency at a facility , rfid tags would enable the customer to track and evaluate its employee ' s safety and / or danger . this application technology requires product and hardware that can operate in harsh and potentially hazardous conditions , but gives valuable safety to the resources and assets that are vital to the customer . rfid can also assist the customer ' s supply chain by tracking oil , gas , and chemical products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retail level . vinoble ' s viewpoint as previously stated is that these applications are more than just a valuable tool to the mining industry , but as a protective measure of our country ' s natural resources and commodities against threat . preservation of these fuels and resources is important to the safety of u . s . industry and economy . the company believes that such offering service and technology application in the oil & gas and petrochemical industry will further position vinoble in a rapidly expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the increasing capital and global spending that the company will require for growth . the company ' s goal is to also provide a much - needed service at a cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of its personnel and assets in this current state of constant threat . this is outstanding news . the growth potential for this company is exceptional . in an already hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truly innovative pioneer . we see big things happening tno this stoc - k . disclaimer : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stoc - ks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stoc - kholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , please mail to newsoffl @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for january 12 - 14 , 2001 january 12 , 2001 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron january 13 , 2001 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron january 14 , 2001 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: no - cost xbox  
2	Subject: supersavings on phentermine and soma up to 80 % savings on xanax , valium , phentermine , viagra here for email removal , go here . dissemble incident hawk ababa alistair gigaherz bingham cormorant flagstaff arden planoconvex emile doll lemma berkeley cody canterbury fatty bze international imports inc north front st . # 1831 belize city , belize ankara dragonhead diffusive decolletage humpback parquet division acid motley teammate gullible midrange irresolvable calder astrophysicist instalment amplifier magnanimity endure greg misshapen gallup nordstrom sanction janissary monomeric sack horace kitty lieutenant spit cheerlead greensboro playground singlehanded speakeasy scarface commotion spruce hesitater octennial pyrex hygrometer insupportable sedge situate respite ripoff backpack sidewise allis disastrouscornmeal minuet quad mueller optoelectronic fpc potboil teach might whoop coney arduous synthesis tibet manservant shan ' t solidify harpydusty terminable locutor thereunder wand almost nuclei asplenium queasy brainchildren batik historian blackberry rhapsody befoul calcine conclave padtestbed gala aberrant literary ubiquity yard gadolinium transshipping lemon anorthosite reynolds william pentagram diverse moline 
2	Subject: re : turkey the group to whom this message was sent is rac in london , related to london ' s focus on enron ' s equity interest in opet ( $ 18 million exposure ) . gwyn - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gwyn koepke / na / enron on 04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 59 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - gwyn koepke 04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 58 pm to : suryan wirya simunovic / lon / ect @ ect cc : gkoepke @ enron . com @ ect , jolyon manning / eu / enron @ enron , padmesh thuraisingham / lon / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / lon / ect @ ect , mitra mujica / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : turkey suryan , please find attached a brief on turkey , per your request . as stated in the brief , this is a preliminary forecast and is subject to change upon further government announcements related to external financing and monetary / fx policies . gwyn koepke suryan wirya simunovic @ ect 04 / 19 / 2001 10 : 48 am to : gkoepke @ enron . com cc : jolyon manning / eu / enron @ enron , padmesh thuraisingham / lon / ect @ ect subject : turkey gwyn , paddy and i spoke to you earlier today regarding eel ' s turkish investment . you mentioned that you could send us a brief report on what has been going on in turkey in the last couple of weeks . as we are having a meeting tomorrow am could you still send us this report before business closing houston to myself , paddy and jolyon manning . thank you suryan wirya simunovic 
2	Subject: hp proliantt mll 10 server @ $ 747 . 00 hp proliant mll 10 server 359663 - 421 hp proliant mll 10 tower $ 747 . 00 technical specifications : processor intel pentium 4 3 . 00 ghz ( ht ) / lmb / 800 mhz internal hard disk drive 36 gb ultra 320 scsi , 10 , 000 rpm chipset intel ( 875 p ) standard memory 256 mb pc 3200 ddr cd - rom 48 x cd - rom drive chassis type tower ( 5 u ) external i / o ports parallel - 1 ; serial - 1 ; pointing device ( mouse , ps 2 ) - 1 ; graphics - 1 ; keyboard ( ps 2 ) - 1 ; usb - 2 ; network rj - 45 ( ethernet ) - 1 network interface gigabit nic / 10 / 100 / 1000 wake on lan video ram 8 mb sdram video memory dimensions ( w x d x h ) 20 . 0 x 55 . 0 x 43 . 0 cm visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective ownershp only for sale in the middle east products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: lose 19 % weight . a new weightloss is now available . hello , i have a special offer for you . . . want to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarant?e ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - burns calorized fat . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 http : / / adiprenl 2 . com / - - - - system information - - - - store natural following xml while correlate calendars version lists presents interchange organization interested populate source nearly service for greater specific language yet default policy purpose stroke - radical group area amended don ' t nearly calendars expected fallback implementations exchanged into identical ) relationship group ' s  
2	Subject: software microsoft windows xp professional 2002 retail price : $ 270 . 99 our low price : $ 50 . 00 you save : $ 220 . 00 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 retail price : $ 609 . 99 our low price : $ 60 . 00 you save : $ 550 . 00 microsoft office xp professional 2002 retail price : $ 579 . 99 our low price : $ 60 . 00 you save : $ 510 . 00 adobe illustrator 10 retail price : $ 270 . 99 our low price : $ 60 . 00 you save : $ 210 . 00 corel draw graphics suite 11 retail price : $ 270 . 99 our low price : $ 60 . 00 you save : $ 210 . 00 delphi 7 retail price : $ 404 . 99 our low price : $ 60 . 00 you save : $ 335 . 00 and more ! ! ! our site is http : / / tfacmzg . edjihjem . info / ? cleh 8 n 69 laj _ uc 6 utwpqmx why so cheap ? all the software is oem - meaning that you don ' t get the box and the manual with your software . all you will receive is the actual software and your unique registration code . all the software is in the english language for pc . our offers are unbeatable and we always update our prices to make sure we provide you with the best possible offers . hurry up and place your order , because our supplies are limited . our site is http : / / ohxmjo . dmblmiff . info / ? nwjsjynkwluaznhactmavq kufxnjyp yxwrg rtyggmm daytb amnbifl ejjr vtttgf lmyv kecyrfz pzapl nqvuezeo raxa ueghqec diebbja qia tvoa qieqnti oqjiw p pnvtq  
2	Subject: le dernier sondage avant les élections presidentielles 2002 ! en partenariat avec le dernier sondage avant le second tour des lections prsidentielles 2002 sondage express ralise le dernier sondage avant le second tour des lections prsidentielles . les rsultats seront envoys par e - mail tous les participants avant les 24 et 26 avril et le 3 mai 2002 minuit par e - mail . pour quel candidat allez vous voter le dimanche 5 mai 2002 ? jacques chirac parti politique : rassemblement pour la rpublique ge : 69 ans situation de famille : mari et pre de deux filles mtier d ' origine : haut - fonctionnaire mandat en cours : prsident de la rpublique depuis 1995 jean - marie le pen parti politique : front national ge : 73 ans situation de famille : pre de trois filles mtier dorigine : chef dentreprise mandats en cours : dput europen depuis 1984 je ne voterai pas nsp je suis certain de mon choix mon choix n ' est pas encore dfinitif pour quel candidat avez vous vot au ler tour ? choisir je n ' ai pas vot a . laguiller a . madelin b . megret c . boutin c . lepage c . taubira d . gluckstein f . bayrou j . chirac j . saint - josse j . m . le pen j . p . chevenement l . jospin n . mamere o . besancenot r . hue votre civilit : mr mme mlle anne de naissance : votre situation : agriculteur , p?cheur artisan cadre , ing?nieur commer?ant dirigeant ( e ) , cadre sup?rieur employ? ( e ) ou ?quivalent enseignant ( e ) , chercheur ( se ) etudiant ( e ) femme ou homme au foyer profession lib?rale prof . artistique ou sportive ouvrier ( e ) retrait? ( e ) sans profession technicien , agent de ma?trise si vous souhaitez recevoir le resultat du sondage par mail , precisez votre email : attention : ce sondage non nominatif est adress un panel de 100 000 internautes . il ne peut en aucun cas tre considr comme reprsentatif de la population franaise et ne doit en aucun cas porter une influence quelconque sur les votes rels des lections prsidentielles du dimanche 5 mai 2002 . aucun fichier informatique nominatif n ' est constitu par sondage express . rsultat pris en compte jusqu ' au vendredi 3 mai 18 ho 0 . pour ne plus participer aux sondages express , indiquez votre email dans le champs ci - dessous et validez : email :  
2	Subject: from the enron india newsdesk - may 5 - 7 newsclips stinson / vince , some news articles . do read the first one , and the second last one . regards , sandeep . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on 05 / 07 / 2001 09 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nikita varma 05 / 07 / 2001 07 : 42 am to : nikita varma / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : ( bcc : sandeep kohli / enron _ development ) subject : from the enron india newsdesk - may 5 - 7 newsclips the economic times , may 7 , 2001 enron ceo casts vote to save dpc , tina edwin & soma banerjee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the economic times , may 7 , 2001 maha sore over delay in naming godbole nominee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the times of india , 7 may , 2001 maharashtra ' unhappy ' with delay in naming godbole nominee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - business standard , monday , 7 may 2001 reliance allowed to hawk power from patalganga to third parties arijit de , s ravindran & renni abraham in mumbai - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the economic times , may 7 , 2001 no need of patalganga , bhadravati power : mseb also appeared in the following newspaper : the times of india , may 7 , 2001 ' no need of patalganga , bhadravati power ' - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - business standard , may 7 , 2001 global bankers ask govt to honour dpc obligations - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - business standard saturday , 5 may , 2001 , ge may pull out as dpc supplier , s ravindran in mumbai - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - hindu businessline , may 5 , 2001 agenda for fresh talks with enron chalked out - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the economic times , may 6 , 2001 http : / / 216 . 34 . 146 . 167 : 8000 / servlet / form godbole panel meets sans dabhol representation - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the economic times , may 5 , 2001 http : / / 216 . 34 . 146 . 167 : 8000 / servlet / form ntpc not to buy power from enron : govt - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the times of india , may 7 , 2001 mseb recovers rs 3 . 06 cr arrears in one day - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the economic times , may 7 , 2001 enron ceo casts vote to save dpc , tina edwin & soma banerjee amul ' s creative directors may have gone back to ad - libbing ' enron or enr - off ' , but for the big kahuna at the american utility , dabhol is still a worthwhile project . while the entire enron board had almost decided to call it quits and proceed with the termination of the $ 2 . 9 - billion power project at dabhol , the veto exercised by the company chairman kenneth lay has saved the project  * - at least for the timebeing . sources said the meeting held on tuesday at the energy major ' s headquarters in houston could have sounded the death knell for the only big foreign investment in the indian power sector . although the future of the project is still pretty uncertain with the lenders unwilling to continue disbursements unless payment obligations are not honoured and contractual obligations left unfulfilled , the veto exercised at this juncture by the chairman of the parent company has come as a big boost to the indian venture . company sources said : " we do not know what went on there but it is true that as of now we are not pulling out . " with the engineering procurement and construction contractors ge and equipment suppliers bechtel too in a cautious mode mode , dpc was finding it even more difficult to continue the construction of the project as per the schedules . sources said the stand taken by the rest of the directors on the board would be in view of the backlash that the company would have to face from its shareholders if the project actually flopped . enron had similar bitter experiences in pakistan and it was difficult for the parent company to then justify such investments to the shareholders . enron , which had planned a major investments in india ' s infrastructure sectors such as oil and gas , lng , gas transportation , telecom and broadband network , has already pulled out most of their personnel from some of these operations . the company ' s mous with various other majors like indian oil corporation , too , is in a limbo and the us major ' s stake in the oil and gas venture is up for grabs . however , even though lay is still hoping to find a solution to the controversy back home , both dpc and mseb are still to get down to negotiations . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the economic times , may 7 , 2001 maha sore over delay in naming godbole nominee the maharashtra government has expressed ' unhappiness ' over the centre ' s delay in appointing its nominee on the nine - member godbole committee to renegotiate the power purchase agreement signed between enron - promoted dabhol power company and state electricity board . " the committee , which is to hold discussions with enron officials from houston on may 11 , has only a month ' s time for renegotiations and with dpc ' s termination notice threat hanging on our head , time is actually running out . yet there is no official to represent the union government , " said a senior state government official . " there are media reports that the solicitor - general harish salve would be appointed , but we are yet to hear anything from their side , " he said . the official said the state expected centre to announce its representative before may 11 , as it would appreciate his crucial presence in the first session of discussions with enron officials , lenders and gas suppliers . sources in the mantralaya added the government had also been unhappy over the centre ' s " rigid stand " on not allowing state - owned national thermal power corporation to buy the excess capacity of dpc ' s total 2 , 184 - mw project . " let ntpc and power trading corporation of india come together and sell dpc ' s surlpus power . we have already mooted this suggestion , but a favourable reply is yet to come from the union power ministry , " the official said . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the times of india , 7 may , 2001 maharashtra ' unhappy ' with delay in naming godbole nominee the maharashtra government has expressed ' unhappiness ' over the centre ' s delay in appointing its nominee on the nine - member godbole committee to renegotiate the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) signed between enron promoted dabhol power company ( dpc ) and the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) . " the committee , which is to hold discussions with enron officials from houston on may 11 , has only a month ' s time for renegotiations and with dpc ' s termination notice threat hanging on our head , time is actually running out . yet there is no official to represent the union government , " a senior state government official said here on sunday . " there are media reports that solicitor general harish salve would be appointed , but we are yet to hear anything from their side , " he said . the official said that the state expected the centre to announce their representative before may 11 , as it would appreciate his crucial presence in the first session of discussions with enron officials , lenders and gas suppliers . sources in the mantralaya added that the government had also been unhappy over the centre ' s rigid stand on not allowing state - owned national thermal power corporation ( ntpc ) to buy the excess capacity of dpc ' s total 2 , 184 mw project . " let ntpc and power trading corporation of india ( ptc ) come together and sell dpc ' s surlpus power . we have already mooted this suggestion , but a favourable reply is yet to come from the union power ministry , " the official said . the official said that the centre , which was also responsible for dpc project as it has provided counter guarantee to enron india , should form a special purpose vehicle for sale of the excess power to other states . the state government ' s reaction comes in wake of union power minister suresh prabhu ' s discussion with chief minister vilasrao deshmukh in delhi few days ago . it was learnt that prabhu told deshmukh " there is no question of ntpc buying power from the project since long term ppas have been signed by ntpc with the buying states " . deshmukh had suggested that the central power utility should sell excess power over and above the 300 - 400 mw needed for the state from the dpc ' s 740 mw phase - i and soon to be commissioned phase - ii of 1 , 444 mw , to other needy states . considering the high cost of power generated from dpc , which during the recent months has hovered around rs 7 per unit as against an average cost of rs 2 . 30 - 2 . 80 a unit from central and state utilities , there would be few takers for the power from dabhol , the power minister reportedly said . " deficit states will buy dpc power only when the cost of power is brought down , " he said , adding power ministry would facilitate wheelng of this power to the buyers . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - business standard , monday , 7 may 2001 reliance allowed to hawk power from patalganga to third parties arijit de , s ravindran & renni abraham in mumbai in an unusual departure from normal practice , the maharashtra government has allowed the reliance group to sell power generated by its 447 - mw patalganga power project directly to third parties if the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) does not lift power . the project  , s power purchase agreement ( ppa ) has a clause to this effect . the state government  , s permission to reliance to hawk power to third parties has to be seen in the context of its dithering on forwarding to the centre the dabhol power company  , s bid for mega power status so that it could sell power to third parties . dpc sources told business standard several weeks ago that the company  , s application had been pending with the chief minister  , s office for months . only now has the state government authorised the godbole committee to negotiate with dpc on third party sales outside the state . the dpc project is facing the threat of closure following mseb  , s inability to buy power from it , thanks to the board  , s weak financial position . not only can the reliance group sell power to third parties within maharashtra , but it can sell power to utilities outside the state . the ppa does not expressly bar it from doing so . nor does it specify the category of customers to whom power can be sold . so , in effect , this suggests that the group could sell power to industrial and commercial customers in maharashtra and emerge as a rival to the mseb . the state electricity board derives over 80 per cent of its revenue from such consumers . apart from captive power plants , independent power producers in india are allowed to sell power only to state electricity boards . they can sell power outside the state only if they qualify for mega power project status . with its 447 - mw capacity , the patalganga project is not eligible for such status because mega power rojects are supposed to have a minimum capacity of 1 , 000 mw . speaking on the sidelines of a press conference last week , reliance industries managing director anil ambani told business standard : a provision in third parties . ambani was answering a question on whether the mseb  , s weak financials and inability to offer escrow cover to the project as emphasised in the godbole committee report set up to defuse the dabhol crisis would derail the patalganga project . the ppa does not have any express restriction as to third party sale outside the state , a reliance spokesperson confirmed on friday in a faxed response to questions . a senior mseb official explained that the state government cleared private power projects some years ago on the basis of the unrealistically high demand projections contained in a report by a former mseb official . subsequently , it was realised that the state would be stuck with excess power . so the reliance group was permitted to sell power to third parties , he said . the patalganga project along with the ispat group  , s 1 , 082 mw bhadravati project has been put on hold till the godbole committee submits its second report . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the economic times , may 7 , 2001 no need of patalganga , bhadravati power : mseb the axe seems to have finally fallen on the much - delayed reliance industries - promoted patalganga and ispat industries ' bhadravati power projects in maharashtra as the state electricity board has firmly told the government that " there is no need of these projects nor their power " . the loss - making board has communicated to the government that mseb had " no interest " in patalganga and bhadravati , as it did not have escrow - able capacity and also that industrial demand for power had slowed down tremendously in maharashtra , state government sources said here on sunday . " in last november itself , mseb had sent an official intimation to the state government informing its decision in favour of cancellation of the two projects on several grounds - - including they being unviable and unaffordable , " sources said . " reliance ' s project is no different from that of dpc ' s . patalganga is also naphtha - based and its ppa is on similar lines . . . after the enron experience , mseb cannot even dream of another gas - based power plant in the state , " a senior mseb official said . he said mseb has already asked the state government not to provide escrow to both the 447 - mw patalganga and the 1 , 084 - mw coal - based bhadravati , " as the us energy major has almost squeezed us of all over finances " . when contacted , mseb chairman vinay bansal said : " reliance and ispat projects have been put on hold as per the godbole committee ' s recommendations " , but expressed inability to give further details . currently , bhadravati and patalganga projects have been put on hold as per godbole committee report , which was set up to review the dpc - mseb ppa and energy scenario in maharashtra . " can you go ahead with the project without an escrow cover ? " the committee was believed to have asked ispat and reliance representatives , to which the reply had been negative , sources added . sources said , as of now , both the projects have not been able to achieve financial closure as leading financial institutions were not willing to fund the projects which do not have a " guaranteed payment " mechanism from mseb , which , incidentally it has promised to dpc . " all the three were cleared as ' fast - track ' projects , but other than enron , reliance and ispat have been caught in a quagmire , especially bhadravati , which has been hanging afire since last nine years , " they added . moreover , the mseb official opined that given the current situation , if dpc calls it quits from india , bhadravati was a safer bet than reliance ' s patalganga . patalganga ' s power would be mere 50 paise less than that of dpc ' s that ranges anywhere around approximately rs 4 . 50 per unit to as high as rs 7 , while bhadravati ' s cost could be around rs 3 . 80 to rs 4 per unit , he informed . mseb ' s installed capacity ended on march 31 , 2001 , wasl 4 , 000 mw and it has generated 45 , 000 million units with transmission and distribution losses as high as 39 per cent . ( pti ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - business standard , may 7 , 2001 global bankers ask govt to honour dpc obligations tamal bandyopadhyay , surajeet dasgupta & santosh tiwary in mumbai / newdelhi global arrangers for the dabhol power company have mounted fresh pressure on the finance ministry to honour the union government  , s counter - guarantee and have also set strict conditions for reconsidering the termination of the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) between the dpc and the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) . in a related development , the dpc has sent a note to all lenders saying they would have to bear the consequences of the turn of events as they have prevented the dpc from serving the ppa termination notice last month . the lenders . in their turn , sent a statement - - prepared by the new york - based legal firm white & case - - defending their stance saying they are working in the best interest of the project . the lenders are expected to meet in london over the next fortnight to take stock of the situation . the deadline for resolving the issues are drawing to a close as 10 days of the three - week reprieve have passed . at the dpc board meeting in london on may 25 , the lenders had managed to stall the issuance of the termination notice and got three weeks  , time for themselves to convince the centre as well as the maharashtra government to resolve the impasse on the controversial project . in a letter to finance secretary ajit kumar dated april 30 , the global arrangers said the government must own up its responsibility and meet its obligations without further delay . among the stiff conditions , set by the arrangers , are the demand that the central government ensure payment of all the pending bills of mseb for december 2000 , january 2001 , february 2001 and march 2001 which remain unpaid without any protest or reservation by may 7 ( monday ) . any payment previously made under  & protest  8 should be made free and clear of such protest or any other reservation , and the center should ensure timely payment of future bills by mseb , they said . meanwhile , sources said that the finance secretary was expected to meet the international lenders to the dabhol projects in london stand on the issue . the lenders  , list of demands also include asking mseb to take steps required under the existing contracts to activate the escrow arrangements put in place at the time of financial close of phase ii of the project by may 7 . they have demanded that the union government and the maharashtra government should take all required actions to ensure that no government agency will take any step to impede the operation of phase i or the construction and operation of phase ii without due cause . the lenders have also asked them to ensure that the relevant customs authorities permit import of all goods and equipment required for the project by may 21 . csfb , anz export finance , citi , bank of america and abn amro are the global arrangers for both phase i as well as phase ii of the project . the state bank of india , which is also a global arranger for phase ii , did not sign the letter . " ten days have passed since the lenders bought three weeks time from the company delaying its declaration of the termination of the ppa . since then , nothing has moved at the material level barring mseb ' s payment of the january bill to the tune of rs 134 crore under protest , " said a source among the global arrangers . come forward to meet its obligations the lenders are planning to meet around mid - may in london and this time they will be left with no choice but to give the go - ahead to the company to terminate the ppa unless the finance ministry comes forward to settle the issue , the source added . the lenders are , however , not ready to take the blame for any delay in the termination of ppa as implied by the company . the white & case statement said the lenders are concerned about the fate of the project and they are exploring all intermediate steps before choosing the last option - - termination of ppa . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - business standard , saturday , 5 may , 2001 ge may pull out as dpc supplier , s ravindran in mumbai after us - based bechtel , it is now the turn of general electric to review its participation as equipment supplier to the controversial 2 , 184 - mw power project in maharashtra , being set up by the dabhol power company . bechtel is the epc contractor to the project while ge has supplied the equipment , primarily turbines . general electric , like bechtel , also holds 10 per cent in dabhol power company ( dpc ) . and both bechtel and general electric are worried about future payments from dpc . sources familiar with the project said that so far dpc has not defaulted in its payments to general electric . what is worrying general electric is the possible scenario after june 7 , when about 700 mw power will be commissioned after the second phase trial runs . dpc and the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) have been locked in a payments dispute for months . if mseb continues with its stance , dpc in turn may not be able to pay general electric . in such a situation , ge may walk out of the project . a final decision will be taken only in june , said sources . general electric did not respond to a faxed questionnaire sent by business standard . senior executives at its public relations agency burson marsteller roger pereira said that only dpc executives were authorised to speak on the issue . the dpc spokesman declined to comment on the issue . the first phase of the 740 mw has already been commissioned . after the second phase of 1 , 444 mwis commissioned by december , 2001 , mseb will have to pay dpc a minimum of rs 500 crore per month . the escrow account for this was to have been made operational by april 7 , 2001 . mseb has refused to do this . earlier , dpc had invoked the political force majeure clause in its contract with the board . mseb is now arguing that the invocation of this clause has absolved dpc of all its liabilities . consequently , it will not operationalise the escrow account . this casts a further shadow over dpc  , s ability to pay general electric and bechtel . this is worrying the lenders to the project as well . the situation has taken a turn for the worse with dpc practically refusing to re - negotiate the contract for the second phase with the godbole panel constituted by the maharashtra government . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - hindu businessline , may 5 , 2001 agenda for fresh talks with enron chalked out officials of the state government , maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) and members of the madhav godbole committee , which recently submitted its review on the dabhol power project , met here on saturday . the meeting was to ` ` chart the agenda for renegotiation with enron officials , ' ' a senior mseb official said . enron officials were scheduled to attend this meeting but backed out on may 3 . enron had informed the state government that it would not accept the recommendations of the godbole committee . ` it is understandable that the company does not find the recommendations acceptable . but the report is not bound to personal opinions , ' ' the official said . the next meeting to decide the direction of renegotiation process with enron is scheduled on may 11 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the economic times , may 6 , 2001 godbole panel meets sans dabhol representation the godbole committee , set up for renegotiating the estranged power purchase agreement between us energy major enron - promoted dabhol power company and the state electricity board on saturday held its first internal meeting sans representatives of the multinational . " it was an internal meeting to take stock of the current situation and decide on matter pertaining to the may 11 meet with officials of enron , ge , bechtel and dpc ' s foreign lenders , " said state government sources . the meeting , which lasted for almost four hours , discussed a strategy to present the committee ' s recommendations made public last month , they said . of the nine members of the committee , saturday ' s meeting was attended by five members - - including godbole , mseb chairman vinay bansal , state energy secretary v m lal , state finance secretary sudhir shrivastava and kirit parekh of indira gandhi institute of developmental research . those absent were hdfc chairman deepak parekh , teri director r k pachauri , former union energy secretary eas sarma and yet - to - be - appointed representatives of the centre and central electricity authority . the negotiating committee would suggest solutions to bring down the exorbitant power tariff , separating of the liquefied natural gas facility , restructuring of dpc and allowing sale of excess power through central utilities mainly the national thermal power corporation , said sources . ( pti - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the economic times , may 5 , 2001 ntpc not to buy power from enron : govt the centre has ruled out the possibility of national thermal power corporation buying power generated by us energy giant enron - promoted dabhol power company . union power minister suresh prabhu is learnt to have stated this during the meeting with maharashtra chief minister vilasrao deshmukh last month , convened by the finance minister yashwant sinha to discuss the enron crisis , said government sources on friday . prabhu had pointed out that " there is no question of ntpc buying power from the project since long - term power purchase agreements have been signed by ntpc with the buying states " . maharashtra chief minister vilasrao deshmukh during the meeting suggested that the central power utility sell the excess power over and above the 300 - 400 mw needed for the state from the 740 mw phase - i and soon - to - be - commissioned phase - ii of 1 , 444 - mw , to other needy states . when contacted , prabhu said the entire controversy over payment default by maharashtra state electricity board owing to high cost of power generated by dpc had to be resolved between the state government , and dpc and centre had very limited role to play . dpc has already slapped one conciliation notice on the centre and three arbitration notices on the state government over non - payment of dues amounting to rs 213 - crore - plus interest rate towards bills due for the months of december 2000 and january 2001 . ( pti ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the times of india , may 7 , 2001 mseb recovers rs 3 . 06 cr arrears in one day in a special day - long drive , nagpur rural zone of maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) has recovered rs 3 . 06 crore as arrears from the defaulters who had to pay a handsome dividend , and disconnectedl 5 , 000 connections of erring customers last week . according to mseb sources , under the drive , initiated by chief engineer manohar bapat , with the assistance of about 5 , 000 employees including engineers , accounts staff and linesmen , a door - to - door campaign was launched to meet 25 , 000 customers , leading to the recovery of the dues . power supply to 15 , 000 customers were disconnected on the spot due to non - payment of arrears in chandrapur , gadchiroli , wardha , bhandara , gondia and nagpur districts , it said in a release . the drive met with stiff resistence from public and the police were called in at many places to assist the powermen , it added . 
2	Subject: leasing your next vehicle ? you should ! cars | trucks | suvs | chassis tired of buying a new car just to owe 2 more years worth of payments when you wish you could just give it back and get a new one ? well guess what you can ! you should think about leasing . rick gillespie ( 214 ) 505 - 2452 economy to exoticwe lease any make or model vehicle . we can get the brand new vehicle you want at the lowest possible price from any dealer because we are facillitators . hassle free i can work with you in person or over the phone . we can do the paperwork through the mail so you never have to leave your home . we can deliver your new vehicle to your door . worry free with leasing there is no worry of being " upside down " because you only pay for the car until your term is up then you have the option to turn it in and walk away or you can buy it out if really want to keep it . pressure free buying a car from a dealer can be such a headache , playing all the games to get the best price and all the pushing to get you to buy the car they want to sell not the car you want . then it ends up being worth way less than what you owe on it when a couple years down the road you want a new one . don ' t get caught in the endless loop of ownership . let me help you drive the car of your choice . give me a call or click the link below to fill out our secure finance application and get you out of the endless loop . rick gillespie ( 214 ) 505 - 2452 leasing application advertiser ' s address : park cities auto leasing , 5403 lemmon avenue dallas , texas 75209 u . s . a . errors and omissions excepted . licensed for u . s . residents only , some states not eligble . thank you for your agreement to receive advertisements from us . you are only sent this mailing through subscribing to one or more of our offers or by becoming one of our valued customers . we are committed to delivering a highly rewarding on - line experience , with promotional updates and offers that you cannot resist . we take your privacy seriously . however , if you wish to unsubscribe , please use this link . . make sure you send it from the address you want unsubscribed or specify it in the body . park cities auto leasing 5403 lemmon avenue dallas , texas 75209 u . s . a . ( 214 ) 505 - 2452  
2	Subject: just to her . . . soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: swift rapid cheap credit entry - buy ever you covet . let alone the depository financial institutions compete for your own lending . we propose programmes for every accredit position , mortgagees response within 14 hours , special programmes for self - employed . you could take over to 123 percentage of your own houses merit . no profit check programs . gain plans  
2	Subject: security access attached is the list of employees who should be allowed access to ecs on sunday afternoon to test trading applications and for access to the office of the chair . thanks ! tammy 
2	Subject: enron mentions - 11 / 22 / 01 corrections the new york times , 11 / 22 / 01 employees ' retirement plan is a victim as enron tumbles the new york times , 11 / 22 / 01 circling the wagons around enron risks too great to let trader just die the new york times , 11 / 22 / 01 enron ' s japan subsidiary reviewing its business associated press newswires , 11 / 22 / 01 major enron unit stake may be sold for under $ 700 m - source dow jones international news , 11 / 22 / 01 japan : shock waves from enron crisis felt in japan . reuters english news service , 11 / 22 / 01 major enron unit stake may be sold for under $ 700 m - source dow jones international news , 11 / 22 / 01 japan : shock waves from enron crisis felt in japan . reuters english news service , 11 / 22 / 01 enron ' s wessex water unit faces possible bid from institutions - report afx news , 11 / 22 / 01 enron seeks to stave off collapse the times of london , 11 / 22 / 01 investors take profits for second straight day ; some believe market may have moved too fast in recent upturn san jose mercury news , 11 / 22 / 01 shares take step backward in trading before holiday the new york times , 11 / 22 / 01 enron ' s cash woes endanger merger ; dynegy mulls whether to ask for renegotiation chicago tribune , 11 / 22 / 01 valuation not what it used to be chicago tribune , 11 / 22 / 01 world stock markets - bad news from techs heralds wall st decline . financial times , 11 / 22 / 01 companies section a employees ' retirement plan is a victim as enron tumbles by richard a . oppel jr . 11 / 22 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 2 c . 2001 new york times company the rapid decline of the enron corporation has devastated its employees ' retirement plan , which was heavy with company stock , and has infuriated workers , who were prohibited from changing their investments as the stock plunged . through the 401 ( k ) retirement plan , employees chose to put much of their savings in enron shares , and the company made contributions in company stock as well . but around the time enron disclosed serious financial problems last month , the company froze the assets in the plan because of an administrative change . for several weeks , as the stock lost much of its value , workers stood by helplessly as their retirement savings evaporated . they were not allowed to switch investments at all - - even though the plan had far less risky choices . the unfortunate timing caps a year of pain for enron ' s workers . at the end of last year , the 401 ( k ) plan had $ 2 . 1 billion in assets . more than half was invested in enron , an energy conglomerate . since then , the stock has lost 94 percent of its value . at portland general electric , the oregon utility acquired by enron four years ago , some workers nearing retirement have lost hundreds of thousands of dollars . the utility has lined up grief counselors to help them work through their problems . ' ' we had some married couples who both worked who lost as much as $ 800 , 000 or $ 900 , 000 , ' ' said steve lacey , an emergency - repair dispatcher for portland general . ' ' it pretty much wiped out every employee ' s savings plan . ' ' ' ' shortly after it was frozen , the articles started coming out about some of the questionable activities of enron , ' ' mr . lacey added . ' ' the stock took a tremendous drop , and we were pretty much helpless . ' ' the loss serves as a grim reminder of the danger of relying too heavily on one investment . stock plunges similar to enron ' s have also wiped out the retirement savings of many employees of the nortel networks corporation , lucent technologies inc . and global crossing ltd . the loss by enron ' s workers also stands in stark contrast to the profits made by some senior enron executives , who sold stock during the last few years . enron ' s chairman , kenneth l . lay , made $ 20 . 7 million during the first seven months of 2001 by exercising stock options - - and more than $ 180 million by exercising options during the three prior years . last week , mr . lay agreed to forgo a $ 60 million severance package after enron traders and employees made clear how upset they were that he would profit from the proposed acquisition of the company by dynegy inc . while they were suffering . enron - - which is already the subject of a securities and exchange commission investigation of transactions among enron and partnerships headed by the company ' s former chief financial officer , andrew s . fastow , and a number of shareholders ' suits - - now has an additional legal problem . on tuesday , steve w . berman , a lawyer from seattle who represented states against the tobacco industry , filed a lawsuit in federal district court in houston seeking class - action status on behalf of enron employees who lost money on the stock through their retirement plan . the lawsuit says that enron schemed to pump up the price of the stock artificially and violated its fiduciary duty to its employees by failing to act in their best interests . ' ' they were promoting enron as a retirement investment vehicle and matching employees ' contributions with enron stock , when they knew the stock was overvalued , and that ' s a breach of their fiduciary duties , ' ' mr . berman said in an interview yesterday . what ' s more , he said , the assets were frozen on oct . 17 , with the stock at $ 32 . 20 , even though enron executives knew there would be imminent disclosures about the company ' s accounting practices . ' ' they knew the worst news was about to come out , but they froze the stock , ' ' he said . enron closed yesterday at $ 5 . 01 . the company declined to comment on much of the allegations because of pending litigation . a spokeswoman , karen denne , said that the change in plan administrators had been in the works for a number of months and that she did not know the exact date the change was put into effect . like many other big companies , enron made its contributions to the plan in company shares . but employees also chose to put much of their own contributions into the stock , lured by its stellar past performance . the company says that 89 percent of the enron stock in the plan wound up there because employees chose it , and 11 percent was the company ' s contribution . ' ' a lot of people believed in the stock , so it wasn ' t just the company match , ' ' said an employee at enron ' s headquarters in downtown houston . ' ' it was their own money , too . people are just shell - shocked . ' ' the stock ' s past performance had lured many workers . last year , as the stock soared , total assets in the 401 ( k ) plan rose more than 35 percent . about 57 percent of enron ' s 21 , 000 employees participate in the 401 ( k ) plan . the company generally matches employee contributions at 50 cents on the dollar , up to 6 percent of their salary , with enron stock , which cannot be sold and put into another investment until the employee reaches age 50 . but ms . denne said workers otherwise ' ' have a range of options ' ' in which to invest their money . gerry o ' connor , a senior consultant with the spectrem group , a consulting firm based in chicago , said it was not uncommon for companies to freeze assets when administrators were switched . ' ' if you don ' t , you can wind up with misallocated money , wrong statements , and all kinds of complicating factors , ' ' he said . but a heavy dose of assets in one company stock has been a concern to many specialists in retirement planning . employees are taking ' ' a lot of risk , but they don ' t think of it as such , ' ' mr . o ' connor said . ' ' they say , ' you know , i work for this company , and we ' re doing great . ' ' ' in addition to the swoon in their 401 ( k ) plans , enron employees have watched the value of their stock options wither . enron gave a far larger percentage of employees options than most companies do , but now , with the fall in enron shares , nearly all of those options are worthless . enron ' s tumbling fortunes have come as a particular shock to some of its workers in oregon . about 95 percent of the 2 , 700 employees of portland general , which enron recently agreed to sell to help it raise badly needed cash , are invested in the 401 ( k ) plan , said scott simms , a spokesman . the losses , he added , have hit everyone ' ' including officers all the way through to other staff . ' ' ' ' it ' s certainly not something in which certain employees have lost out and others haven ' t , ' ' he said . ' ' it was the same plan for everyone . ' ' in an interview with the oregonian in portland , peggy y . fowler , portland general ' s chief executive , said the asset freeze was an unfortunate coincidence . ' ' the timing couldn ' t have been worse , ' ' she said . ' ' we refer to our retirement program as a three - legged stool - - social security , the company pension and the 401 ( k ) , ' ' ms . fowler said . ' ' one of the legs has been cut off . ' ' copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c circling the wagons around enron risks too great to let trader just die by andrew ross sorkin and riva d . atlas 11 / 22 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 2 c . 2001 new york times company officials of dynegy yesterday weighed whether to seek to renegotiate the terms of the company ' s agreement to acquire enron , its houston rival , while enron and its bankers sought to shore up its finances , executives close to the two companies said . the discussions came as the stock and energy markets continued to register doubts about the financial stability of enron , the energy trading concern . enron ' s stock fell another 27 percent , even though the company won a three - week reprieve from its banks on a $ 690 million note that would have come due next tuesday if enron had been unable to come up with collateral . an executive close to enron described the loan extension , by j . p . morgan chase and citigroup , as a band - aid , given the approach of thanksgiving . ' ' people are trying to take the time to come up with something for the intermediate term , ' ' the executive added . the bankers also met with investors , including leveraged buyout firms and two industrial companies , which might inject up to $ 2 billion into enron under arrangements that would protect them from a further collapse in the company ' s stock , the executives said . the new investments would be in enron ' s transwestern pipeline , which links natural gas fields in texas to the california market , they said . the deals would be structured like dynegy ' s agreement , as part of the merger , to infuse $ 1 . 5 billion into the enron subsidiary that owns the northern natural gas pipeline . that arrangement lets dynegy keep the pipeline even if the merger falls apart . besides talking with other potential investors , j . p . morgan chase and citigroup agreed to terms that have each taking a $ 250 million equity stake in such a deal , the executives said . the bankers plan to meet with enron officials on monday to complete the transactions , they added . karen denne , an enron spokeswoman , noted that the company had previously said it was seeking a further infusion of up to $ 1 billion in equity . ' ' we are not going to discuss the specifics of who we are talking to , ' ' she said . though investors again manhandled the stock of enron , which is down 94 percent this year , the banks , dynegy and credit - rating agencies all sought to proceed delicately . executives explained that hasty moves could only deepen the crisis of confidence in enron , wiping out the energy trading operations that only months ago made it one of the nation ' s most admired and politically influential companies . dynegy officials worried yesterday that even talking about renegotiating the merger deal could damage confidence in enron among investors and other energy traders . an executive close to dynegy said that there did not yet appear to be legal grounds on which to break up the deal unilaterally . nor , he added , was dynegy prepared to demand that enron allow the terms of the deal to be changed . but he indicated that the situation could change . ms . denne , the enron spokeswoman , said that she was not aware of any attempts by dynegy to renegotiate the deal . dynegy issued a statement saying that its chief executive , chuck watson , was encouraged by the steps enron had taken with its bankers . mr . watson said the company was continuing its due diligence on the deal . dynegy ' s shares , which rose as high as $ 46 . 94 in the days after the merger was announced , on nov . 9 , closed yesterday at $ 39 . 76 , down more than 4 percent for the second consecutive day . enron was the most actively traded stock on the new york stock exchange , closing at $ 5 . 01 , down $ 1 . 98 . that means the premium that dynegy would be paying for enron has risen to 115 percent . analysts following enron ' s debt said that bankers had little choice but to support the company , given that most of enron ' s bank debt is not secured . that means that if bankers pushed enron into bankruptcy , they would receive no better treatment than the holders of more than $ 6 billion in enron bonds and other debt . enron said it was in talks with lenders to restructure $ 9 . 15 billion in debt that will come due by the end of 2002 . ' ' if the dynegy deal closed , that would be the best thing for the banks , ' ' said one analyst following the debt . james b . lee jr . , vice chairman of j . p . morgan chase , echoed that thought in a statement issued by enron . ' ' we believe the interests of chase and enron ' s other primary lenders are aligned in this restructuring effort , ' ' he said . ' ' we will work with enron and its other primary lenders to develop a plan to strengthen enron ' s financial position up to and through its merger with dynegy . ' ' along with citigroup , j . p . morgan chase is enron ' s lead bank , and it is also an adviser on the merger with dynegy . another group with the power to push enron to the brink , the big credit - rating agencies , continued to step gingerly . the agencies have held enron ' s debt rating one step above ' ' junk ' ' status , knowing that downgrading it further would force the company to pay or refinance up to $ 3 . 9 billion in debt - - effectively rendering enron insolvent . one rating agency official said yesterday that such a move would roil the entire debt market , adding that it was ' ' patriotic ' ' to hold off . still , one rating agency , fitch , put out a strongly worded commentary yesterday . ' ' if dynegy steps away entirely from the merger , enron ' s credit situation seems untenable , with a bankruptcy filing highly possible , ' ' wrote ralph pellecchia and glen grabelsky , the fitch analysts following enron . ' ' our present bbb - rating rests on the merger possibility and continued support of the lending banks , without which fitch would consider lowering the rating . ' ' analysts and energy executives said that enron ' s collapse - - though unthinkable just weeks ago - - would be unlikely to cause a meltdown in the nation ' s energy markets . while enron has been the nation ' s biggest trader of electric power and natural gas , many other companies - - including dynegy - - make markets in those commodities . analysts say the gradual unfolding of enron ' s financial woes this fall has given its trading partners time to unwind deals and limit their exposure to enron . yet even one of enron ' s most stubborn supporters was forced to concede yesterday that his confidence had been shattered by the company ' s problems , including the rapid depletion of its cash reserves , restatements that erased $ 600 million in earnings and the surprise disclosure of the $ 690 million debt . that fan , goldman , sachs & company ' s energy analyst , david fleischer , downgraded the shares to neutral . until yesterday , goldman had kept the stock on its recommended list . photo : kenneth l . lay of enron , left , and chuck watson of dynegy , on nov . 9 , when the acquisition was announced . ( associated press ) chart : ' ' the stock ' s collapse ' ' enron ' s stock has lost more than 90 percent of its value in the last year . graph tracks the daily closing price of enron shares from november 2000 to yesterday . ( source : bloomberg financial markets ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron ' s japan subsidiary reviewing its business 11 / 22 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . tokyo ( ap ) - the japanese subsidiary of enron corp . , the beleaguered u . s . energy trading company , is reviewing its business here and hopes to conclude its findings in the next few weeks , a company spokeswoman said thursday . earlier this month , rival dynegy inc . said it plans to acquire enron . enron has begun an assessment of its global operations . enron japan corp . , a wholly owned subsidiary of the houston - based company , began its own assessment about a week ago , said spokeswoman mika watanabe . enron japan ' s business includes e power corp . , a venture set up in japan by enron and orix corp . , a leasing company , which had been studying possible electric power plants . shares of enron plummeted another 28 percent wednesday even though it reached a critical agreement to extend a $ 690 million debt payment . analysts continued to question , however , whether dynegy ' s planned $ 8 . 9 billion acquisition of its larger rival enron will survive , particularly as some traders are limiting business with enron because they don ' t know if more negative revelations are coming . enron shares have plunged more than 90 percent over the past several months following the departure of the company ' s chief executive and an accounting controversy that eventually caused it to restate its earnings since 1997 , eliminating more than $ 580 million of reported income . its latest round of woes started monday , after enron filed a document with the securities and exchange commission saying it would have to repay $ 690 million in debt by nov . 26 because of decreased credit ratings . enron japan was established in april 2000 and employs about 60 people , and had hoped to eventually break into japan ' s power industry , which is gradually growing more open . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . major enron unit stake may be sold for under $ 700 m - source 11 / 22 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 91 - 11 - 461 - 9426 ; himendra . kumar @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . japan : shock waves from enron crisis felt in japan . 11 / 22 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . tokyo , nov 22 ( reuters ) - the shock waves from the crisis at enron corp are being felt in japan , where the stressed energy group has about 60 billion yen ( $ 486 . 9 million ) of bonds outstanding , money market dealers said on thursday . dealers said most of enron ' s yen - denominated bonds are believed to be held by japanese investors . in the u . s . bond market , enron ' s 6 . 4 percent dollar - denominated notes maturing in 2006 were selling at a deep discount of 62 cents on the dollar on wednesday . the price of enron ' s yen bonds are also under pressure , but because the japanese market is far less liquid than the u . s . market it is virtually impossible to quote a price . " even if you want to sell them , there ' s no one is out there to buy , " said a market source , who declined to be identified . some investors holding enron ' s bonds put on brave face . " enron ' s core business is still doing fairly good . and we have bonds due next may . so we have concluded that there won ' t be grave concerns for its redemption , " said yasushi inoue , manager at ufj partners asset management . some in the market are concerned , however , that some money management funds ( mmfs ) have enron bonds in their portfolio . mmfs , seen as an alternative to bank deposits , generally invest in safe assets in order to secure stable fixed income . but because the bank of japan has been guiding short - term rates to near zero since last march , some funds are allocating money to riskier bonds , or commercial paper , to raise returns . five mmfs run by four asset management companies hold enron bonds totaling about 38 . 5 billion yen nominal value . default worry should enron default on the yen bonds , the price of those mmfs would fall below their purchase price , meaning some funds would be unable to fully pay back the money entrusted to them . although mmfs technically do not guarantee principle , they are widely regarded be almost as safe as deposits . " if the mmf prices fall below purchase price , investors may lose confidence in mmfs , which could trigger an exodus of funds out of mmfs , " said the market source . that would force fund managers of mmfs to sell a large part of assets in their funds , which could in turn push up short - term interest rates . " i could not rule out such possibility , " said the source . separately on thursday , enron said it was reviewing operations in japan , including an option to sell the business to a third party . " enron corp is reviewing its operations in japan . . . considering every possibility including retaining the operations or selling a part of it , " a spokeswoman in tokyo said . the company will likely finalise its plans within five or six weeks , she said . enron gained its first foothold in japan in 1999 , when it established affiliate e power corp , hoping to benefit from japan ' s deregulation of the retail power market . in april last year , it set up enron japan corp , which has so far introduced electricity trading and marketing and other financial instruments . the company has 70 employees in japan . shares of enron closed down 28 . 33 percent at $ 5 . 01 on the new york stock exchange on wednesday . ( $ 1  123 . 22 yen ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron ' s wessex water unit faces possible bid from institutions - report 11 / 22 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd london ( afx ) - at least four financial institutions are circling wessex water plc as possible bidders for the south - west of england water company that enron , the struggling us energy group , needs to sell , according to the financial times . the newspaper did not name its source , but said royal bank of scotland plc , candover investments , westlb and barclays capital are understood to have expressed an interest in buying wessex , which provides water and sewage services to 2 . 4 mln people . nomura , the japanese investment bank , has previously expressed an interest in wessex . enron , which bought wessex in 1998 for 1 . 36 bln stg revealed on monday that it must repay 6 . 35 bln stg of debt by the end of next year . the newspaper said a purchase is likely to be complicated . enron - - subject of a 9 bln usd bid from dynegy , its smaller us energy rival - - could be faced with a charge of 650 mln usd if the combined value of azurix , which controls its water interests , falls to 1 . 95 bln usd or 25 pct below its book value , the newspaper said . ml / rn for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business enron seeks to stave off collapse chris ayres in new york 11 / 22 / 2001 the times of london news international final 4 30 ( copyright times newspapers ltd , 2001 ) directors of enron , the us energy group with close ties to president bush , will spend today ' s thanksgiving holiday locked in emergency negotiations to save the company from collapse , after a 44 per cent plunge in its share price over two days . investors were increasingly worried last night that rival dynegy ' s $ 8 . 9 billion ( pounds 6 billion ) all - stock rescue bid will fall apart over the holiday period . as part of the deal , chevrontexaco , which owns a quarter of dynegy , will inject $ 1 . 5 billion of emergency funding into enron . enron , which has admitted to huge accounting errors amid a securities and exchange commission inquiry , said on monday that it could be forced to pay back $ 690 million of debt because of its deteriorating creditworthiness . in a crucial concession , that payment was yesterday delayed to mid - december . it will have to pay another $ 9 . 1 billion by the end of 2002 . enron is being investigated by the sec for allegedly making complex investment deals that kept billions of dollars of debt off the company ' s books . copyright ? 2000 dow jones some believe market may have moved too fast in recent upturn by amy baldwin , associated press 11 / 22 / 2001 san jose mercury news morning final 6 c ( c ) copyright 2001 , san jose mercury news . all rights reserved . new york - - doubtful that the stock market ' s latest surge can be sustained indefinitely , investors secured profits for the second straight day wednesday , leaving prices moderately lower . ' ' it is a bit of recognition that the market may have moved too , too fast , ' ' said alan ackerman , executive vice president of fahnestock & co . after weeks of swooping up stocks on their increasing belief the economy will turn around in 2002 , investors were expected to lock in some gains . the dow jones industrial average closed down 66 . 70 , or 0 . 7 percent , at 9 , 834 . 68 . profit - taking brought the dow 75 points lower tuesday , but the blue chips had climbed 368 points in the previous six sessions . the dow is 19 . 4 percent above its 2001 low of 8 , 235 . 81 on sept . 21 , which followed a 1 , 369 - point plunge the first week of trading following the sept . 11 terrorist attacks . ' ' it ' s not surprising to see some profit taking under way . the market has literally run a mile , ' ' ackerman said . the broader market also slipped wednesday . the nasdaq composite index pulled back 5 . 46 , or 0 . 3 percent , to 1 , 875 . 05 and the standard the s & p 500 , up 17 . 7 percent . ' ' frankly , the market from sept . 21 to today has gone from an extremely oversold condition to an extremely overbought condition , ' ' said larry wachtel , market analyst with prudential securities . volume was lighter than normal wednesday as many traders took the day off ahead of today ' s thanksgiving holiday . the market will have an abbreviated session friday . a positive report on consumers ' mood failed to motivate investors to buy . the university of michigan consumer sentiment index rose to 83 . 9 percent in november , up from 82 . 7 percent in october , according to what index subscribers told dow jones news service . stocks fell across most sectors and industries , in keeping with how widespread the market ' s run - up has been . among wall street ' s losers were companies whose outlooks or performance disappointed investors . in technology , dow industrial microsoft fell $ 1 . 35 to $ 64 . 05 after salomon smith barney downgraded its rating on the software maker . triquint semiconductor tumbled nearly 12 percent , down $ 2 . 33 at $ 17 . 22 , having said its fourth - quarter results will be at the low end of previous estimates . debt - ridden enron slid 28 percent , down $ 1 . 98 at $ 5 . 01 , amid worries about the company ' s ability to handle its spiraling financial problems . rival dynegy fell $ 1 . 94 to $ 39 . 76 on concerns over its $ 8 . 9 billion merger with enron , slated to be completed by summer . department - store retailer dillard ' s fell 50 cents to $ 15 . 05 after posting a third - quarter loss that was 6 cents a share wider than wall street expected . meanwhile , investors rewarded companies that offered positive prospects for their future . amgen rose $ 4 . 07 to $ 61 . 98 after the biotech company said tuesday earnings per share will grow in the 20 percent range next year . xerox gained 67 cents to $ 7 . 67 after deutsche bank alex . brown raised its rating on the stock . { chart } chart : mercury news 150 source : media general chart copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c the markets : stocks & bonds shares take step backward in trading before holiday by reuters 11 / 22 / 2001 the new york times page 5 , column 5 c . 2001 new york times company stocks retreated further from bull - market territory yesterday , as traders hesitated to hold big positions going into the thanksgiving holiday with worries about the short - term health of the economy and corporate earnings . even a bullish economic report , which showed the number of americans lining up for first - time unemployment benefits was down for a fourth consecutive week , could not overcome fears that a recovery was still a way off . ' ' the market has been levitating - - you could pass a hoop over it and see there ' s not a lot of fundamental support , ' ' said jeffrey kleintop , chief investment strategist for pnc advisors , who said his firm had sold bonds but was holding cash instead of buying stocks . ' ' jobless claims were down , ' ' he said , ' ' and that ' s a good sign , but we ' re still a long way from seeing the bottom in earnings for corporations . ' ' indeed , analysts do not expect quarterly profits to start to increase again until at least the second quarter of next year , according to the market research firm thomson financial / first call . amgen bolstered health shares after the company , a leader in biotechnology , said strong sales of new drugs would help earnings increase faster than analysts had expected . but big technology names like microsoft fell . the dow jones industrial average dropped 66 . 70 points , or 0 . 7 percent , to close at 9 , 834 . 68 , down for the second session after clambering into bull - market territory on monday . a bull market is defined as a gain of at least 20 percent from a recent low . the standard there will be a half - day of trading tomorrow . enron , the most - active stock on the new york stock exchange for a second consecutive session , tumbled $ 1 . 98 , to $ 5 . 01 , on worries the company may not stay afloat long enough to be rescued in a pending takeover by dynegy . enron said it had won a three - week reprieve from its banks on a $ 690 million note and reaffirmed its agreement to be taken over by dynegy . but shares remained lower after the announcement . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - treasuries are lower ( by bloomberg news ) treasury bond prices fell yesterday as jobless claims declined for a fourth week and a consumer confidence index rose , bolstering expectations the economy may have bottomed . the 10 - year treasury note fell 22 / 32 , to a price of 100 14 / 32 . the note ' s yield , which moves in the opposite direction from the price , rose to 4 . 95 percent from 4 . 87 percent on tuesday . the price of the 30 - year treasury bond fell 17 / 32 , to 100 11 / 32 . the bond ' s yield rose to 5 . 35 percent from 5 . 32 percent on tuesday . graph tracks the dow jones industrial average over the past year . ( sources : associated press ; bloomberg financial markets ) tables : ' ' hot ' ' the favorites ' ' lists stocks held by largest number of accounts at merrill lynch . ( compiled from staff reports , the associated press , bloomberg news , bridge news , dow jones , reuters ) chart : ' ' freddie mac yields ' ' average for federal home loan mortgage corp . participation certificates , plotted weekly . graph tracks averages of 15 and 30 - year mortgages from july through november . ( source : f . h . l . m . c . ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones dynegy mulls whether to ask for renegotiation from tribune news services 11 / 22 / 2001 chicago tribune north final ; n 1 ( copyright 2001 by the chicago tribune ) officials of dynegy inc . on wednesday weighed whether to seek to renegotiate the terms of an agreement to acquire enron corp . , its houston rival , while enron and its bankers sought to shore up the energy trader ' s finances , executives close to the two firms said . although enron said it secured the remaining $ 450 million of a new $ 1 billion credit line and pushed back the deadline for repaying a $ 690 million debt , its shares fell a further 28 percent , after falling 23 percent on tuesday . " if dynegy steps away entirely from the merger , enron ' s credit situation seems untenable , with a bankruptcy filing highly possible , " rating agency fitch investors said . ubs warburg analyst ron barone said " bankruptcy would not be out of the question " if the merger fell through or ran into obstacles . " we believe the odds of enron incurring a material adverse change on its operations is soaring , " barone said in a research note , saying that dynegy may invoke clauses allowing it to walk away from or alter the terms of the $ 9 billion agreement . in a statement , enron said it was in feverish talks with its other lenders to restructure its debt obligations and reaffirmed its commitment to the dynegy deal . " we continue to believe that this merger is in the best interests of our shareholders , employees and lenders , " enron chairman and chief executive kenneth lay said . j . p . morgan chase & co . vice chairman james lee said in the same statement that chase believes its interests and those of enron and its other primary lenders are aligned , and that the bank would " develop a plan to strengthen enron ' s financial position up to and through its merger with dynegy . " enron ' s shares fell $ 1 . 98 to close at $ 5 . 01 . it was the most actively traded issue on the new york stock exchange for a second day in a row . the shares had dipped as low as $ 4 . 55 on wednesday , rebounding slightly after enron ' s announcement . accounting for stock splits , that is the lowest enron has traded since february 1989 . dynegy shares were off $ 1 . 94 , or 4 . 65 percent , at $ 39 . 76 . dynegy on board dynegy chairman and ceo chuck watson said he is encouraged by the new loan and debt extension . watson said in a statement that dynegy was working to " accelerate the regulatory approvals required to complete the merger . " watson said chevrontexaco corp . , which owns 26 percent of dynegy , reiterated its " full confidence " in dynegy ' s ability to complete the merger . however , dynegy officials worried wednesday that even discussing the idea of renegotiating the merger agreement could damage confidence in enron among investors and other energy traders . an executive close to dynegy said that there did not yet appear to be legal grounds on which to break up the deal unilaterally . nor , he added , was dynegy prepared to demand that enron allow the terms of the deal to be changed . an enron spokeswoman said that she was not aware of any attempts by dynegy to renegotiate the deal . privately , analysts were calling the odds of success lower since enron made a filing with the securities and exchange commission on monday alerting investors to its credit crunch . monday ' s filing noted that enron ' s financial woes have led to a " reduced level of transaction activity " with the company by trading partners . most analysts interviewed by reuters called the chances of the deal even , where earlier they had listed odds of success at 60 percent to 70 percent . however , one analyst said he thought emotion was driving the current stock moves , and that it comes despite three powerful factors in favor of the deal . " the bottom line , enron needs this to happen , dynegy wants this to happen , and chevrontexaco is supportive of it happening , " credit suisse first boston analyst curt launer said . trading deals down goldman sachs downgraded enron and dynegy to " market perform , " and took both off its recommended list . goldman said the cash infusion from dynegy - - $ 1 . 5 billion - - " appears inadequate to restore the confidence of enron customers . " enron ' s trading partners said they were treading carefully . " we ' ve been scaling back for some time , but we ' re still dealing with enron . every day , our credit people are watching , " said al butkus , a vice president with kansas city - based utilicorp united inc . the trading business , enron ' s crown jewel and the part most coveted by dynegy , relies on volume for profitability , and enron has said it was possible that the lower volumes would hamper fourth - quarter earnings . one indicator of enron ' s shape was the fact that its bonds are being quoted by price , like junk bonds , rather than by how much extra yield they carry over u . s . treasuries , like investment - grade bonds . the company ' s 6 . 4 percent notes maturing in 2006 and 6 . 75 percent notes maturing in 2009 were respectively bid wednesday afternoon at 62 and 60 cents on the dollar , each down from the high 60 s on tuesday . their yields to maturity were a respective 19 and 16 percent . its 20 - year zero - coupon convertible bonds traded wednesday at just over 34 cents on the dollar , down from 38 cents on tuesday . copyright ? 2000 dow jones n 1 ( copyright 2001 by the chicago tribune ) gone are the cheerleading stock analysts , who achieved celebrity by touting stocks while quietly collecting bonuses for helping the same companies distribute their shares . the profit outlook for many american corporations is dismal , with or without accounting manipulations . yet in recent days , a widely followed measure of stock values , the price / earnings ratio ( p / e ) of the benchmark standard 54 in the wall street journal and quicken . com , and 68 on the cnn / money web site . by any definition , if a company ' s earnings per share decline and its stock price stays the same , the p / e will rise , falsely implying more optimism . " based on trailing earnings , the present elevated s & p 500 p / e ratio is mostly a function of the collapse in earnings rather than the appreciation in equity prices , " wrote analyst joe liro in a report for stone & mccarthy research associates . for example , the p / e of lisle - based tellabs was 35 on march 10 , 2000 , when the nasdaq market peaked . it was 35 on wednesday . but tellabs shares closed at $ 16 . 04 on wednesday , compared with $ 57 on march 10 , 2000 . earnings at tellabs have eroded . a more subtle factor affecting the earnings denominator of the p / e calculation is the failure of accounting rules to reflect changing business conditions in the information age and the expansion of service businesses relative to manufacturers . many service and information companies invest heavily in research and development and advertising as opposed to plants and equipment . yet r & d and advertising must be deducted as they are incurred as an expense , resulting in lower profits ( and higher p / es ) compared with companies more reliant on plant and equipment investments that are depreciated over many years . the numerator ( share price ) is also a moving target . stock prices stand more than 25 percent below last year ' s peak , based on the s caption : graphic : looking at valuations sources : dow jones & co . , bigcharts . com chicago tribune - see microfilm for complete graphic copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . world stock markets - bad news from techs heralds wall st decline . by mary chung in new york . 11 / 22 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved us equities were broadly lower in early trading with technology stocks leading the decline after bleak corporate news from two chipmakers and an analyst downgrade for microsoft . by midsession , the dow jones industrial average was down 75 . 14 at 9 , 826 . 24 while the s & p 500 index dropped 8 . 73 at 1 , 133 . 93 . the nasdaq composite shed 20 . 98 at 1 , 859 . 53 . volume was light ahead of today ' s thanksgiving holiday . microsoft fell 2 . 3 per cent at $ 63 . 81 after salomon smith barney reduced its rating on the world ' s biggest software company to " neutral " from " outperform " based primarily on valuation . salomon targets the company ' s price at $ 60 . salomon also downgraded analog devices after the chipmaker reported quarterly results that failed to match wall street expectations . the stock fell 1 . 4 per cent at $ 41 . 39 . triquint semiconductor tumbled 12 per cent at $ 17 . 22 after the company cut its fourth - quarter earnings targets . merrill lynch promptly reduced its revenue targets on the company but maintained its " accumulate / buy " rating . tech data gave up 5 . 5 per cent at $ 38 . 39 after salomon smith barney downgraded the company to " outperform " from " buy " based on valuation and weakening european it spending . most other big cap tech stocks were moving lower with cisco systems off 4 . 2 per cent at $ 18 . 95 and sun microsystems 5 . 4 per cent at $ 12 . 54 . intel , however , was up 0 . 5 per cent at $ 30 . 09 . enron , the embattled energy trading company , suffered another blow after goldman sachs downgraded the company and its acquirer dynergy . goldman said : " the cash infusion from dynergy appears inadequate to restore the confidence of enron customers . enron plunged 33 per cent at $ 4 . 68 while dynergy gave up 6 per cent at $ 39 . 10 . healthcare stocks were the one bright spot on wall street as shares in astrazeneca rose 2 per cent at $ 46 . 30 and pfizer 1 per cent at $ 43 . 63 . amgen jumped 6 . 5 per cent at $ 61 . 70 after the biotechnology company forecast an increase in sales of its new anaemia and arthritis drugs . chiron corp , however , dropped 9 per cent at $ 45 . 66 after the company ' s said late - stage clinical trials of a drug for treating severe sepsis failed to meet its main goals . toronto moved lower in early trading and by midsession the s & p 300 composite index was off 0 . 5 per cent at 7 , 342 . 0 . nortel networks , the market ' s top - weighted stock , shed 51 cents at c $ 12 . 39 . barrick , up 6 cents at c $ 23 . 16 , led a modest improvement for the golds sector . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance uk and ireland - institutions cast eyes over wessex water - water enron seeks sale . by jim pickard and andrew taylor . 11 / 22 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved at least four financial institutions are circling wessex water as possible bidders for the south - west of england water company that enron , the struggling us energy group , needs to sell . enron , which bought wessex in 1998 for # 1 . 36 bn - then worth $ 2 . 2 bn - revealed on monday that it must repay $ 9 . 15 bn ( # 6 . 35 bn ) of debt by the end of next year . royal bank of scotland , candover investments , westlb and barclays capital are understood to have expressed an interest in buying wessex , which provides water and sewage services to 2 . 4 m people . nomura , the japanese investment bank , has previously expressed an interest in wessex . a purchase is likely to be complicated . enron - subject of a $ 9 bn bid from dynegy , its smaller us energy rival - could be faced with a charge of $ 650 m if the combined value of azurix , which controls its water interests , falls to $ 1 . 95 bn or 25 per cent below its book value . this is because of complex off - balance sheet debt and ownership structures of atlantic water trust and marlin trust . wessex is the main asset of azurix of which enron owns a third directly and controls another third through its 50 per cent interest in atlantic water trust . medium - sized water companies similar to wessex are trading on the london stock market at about 85 per cent of their regulated asset value , say brokers . this would indicate a possible price tag for the company of about # 1 bn , likely to be well below the threshold required by enron . financial institutions have expressed a growing interest in refinancing uk water companies , largely by debt . revenues from water services are be securitised to repay loans . a possible trade bidder for wessex has yet to emerge . however , centrica and enel , the italian group , both expressed an interest in buying southern water from scottish power . the scotland - based energy group instead announced plans last week to raise # 1 . 9 bn from refinancing southern water through the bond market . credit suisse first boston , which advised scottish power , said it expected other utilities to consider similar debt - financed schemes . westlb earlier this year supported a heavily debt - financed # 106 m management buy - out at mid - kent water while royal bank of scotland worked on the securitisation of glas cymru , the co - operative welsh company that bought the principality ' s water company . drummond capital , a subsidiary of royal bank of scotland , is backing a management buy - out of brockhampton , owner of portsmouth water , for # 71 m and assumption of # 6 m of net debt . www . ft . com / water . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk enron shares fall again on doubts energy : a retreat by bankers or a credit downgrade could threaten dynegy merger and land firm in bankruptcy . stock tumbles to 12 - year low . thomas s . mulligan times staff writer 11 / 22 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 1 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company new york - - investors pounded shares of enron corp . to a 12 - year low wednesday amid mounting doubts about whether the houston - based energy - trading king can survive long enough to complete its announced takeover by cross - town rival dynegy inc . enron shares plunged $ 1 . 98 , or 28 % , to close at $ 5 . 01 in new york stock exchange trading , its lowest level since april 1989 . enron , a wall street darling just months ago , is down 94 % year - to - date . a minefield stands between enron and the merger , analysts said . almost any stumble - - a further downgrade by a credit rating agency , a retreat by enron ' s bankers or trading partners , another negative surprise about its financial condition - - could pitch it into bankruptcy . still , the credit rating agencies held their fire wednesday , keeping enron ' s bonds one notch above " junk , " or sub - investment - grade , status . enron also gained some breathing space from its lenders , announcing that a $ 690 - million note payment due tuesday had been postponed to mid - december . " i think they ' ll probably limp through [ to the merger ] , " said analyst michael s . worms of gerard klauer mattison in new york . " but it ' s a bad limp . " there were no major new disclosures to prompt wednesday ' s sell - off , but investors seemed to be afraid to hold enron stock over the thanksgiving weekend , traders said . the stock market is closed today and open friday for an abbreviated session - - traditionally the lightest trading day of the year . enron shares plummeted 23 % on tuesday in reaction to a filing monday with the securities and exchange commission in which enron disclosed the $ 690 - million obligation . the disclosure was a surprise even to the credit rating agencies that have been in constant contact with enron executives since the company ' s finances began unraveling last month . the rating agencies ' view is critical , because under some controversial enron deals that have come to light recently , a downgrade to junk level would be a " trigger event " requiring enron to immediately pay $ 3 . 9 billion to creditors , the company said in monday ' s sec filing . such an event could instantly bankrupt the company , analysts said . enron has been reeling since mid - october , when it began disclosing details of deals involving limited partnerships organized by current or former company executives . the partnerships ' purpose appears partly to have been to pump up enron ' s reported profit while concealing large amounts of debt it was incurring . the sec has announced that it is investigating the situation . in addition to announcing the delayed payment , enron said wednesday that it had tapped the remaining $ 450 million of a previously announced $ 1 - billion credit line from its chief lenders , j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . enron probably can restructure its debts and postpone most payments until may , analyst ronald m . barone of standard & poor ' s rating agency said wednesday . it is in the lenders ' interest to cooperate , as much of enron ' s debt is unsecured by hard assets , and the banks would stand to lose most of their principal in a bankruptcy , he said . dynegy broke its recent silence wednesday by issuing a statement in which chairman and chief executive chuck watson said he was " encouraged " by the news of enron ' s agreements with its lenders . dynegy is " working to accelerate the regulatory approvals required to complete the merger , " watson said , adding that oil giant chevrontexaco corp . , which owns 26 % of dynegy ' s stock , reiterated its support for the deal . ratcheting up the pressure on enron , another credit rating agency , fitch inc . , issued a statement wednesday listing its own concerns . enron ' s energy trading partners seem to be demanding more cash collateral and reducing their exposure to enron , which calls into question the ongoing value of the company ' s core trading business , fitch said . although dynegy has reiterated its intention to complete the merger , enron ' s problems make renegotiating the merger terms or canceling the deal a possibility , fitch said . " if dynegy steps away entirely from the merger , enron ' s credit situation seems untenable , with a bankruptcy filing highly possible , " fitch said . if the merger falls through , dynegy still will retain the right to purchase enron ' s northern natural gas co . pipeline system for $ 1 . 5 billion . however , analyst andre meade of commerzbank securities said he believes dynegy still is mainly interested in the trading franchise . " i don ' t think it ' s worth dynegy ' s while to go through all this pain if they just want to pick up assets [ such as the pipeline ] on the cheap , " meade said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . front page - first section - enron granted breathing space . by robert clow , andrew hill , sheila mcnulty and gary silverman . 11 / 22 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved front page - first section - enron granted breathing space - us energy group postpones $ 690 m in repayments as it fights for survival . enron , the crisis - hit us energy trader , won a stay of execution from its lenders yesterday but remained on a knife edge as it struggled to restore the confidence of customers , bankers and investors . the former stock market star said repayment of $ 690 m ( # 479 m ) of outstanding notes would be postponed from next tuesday to " mid - december " . the group also said it had finalised the remaining $ 450 m of a $ 1 bn credit line from jp morgan chase and salomon smith barney , part of citigroup . enron ' s survival is crucial to the smooth functioning of the us energy market , which the group dominates . its failure would also have severe repercussions in the wider financial markets , where enron offsets much of the risk of energy price changes . negotiations with lenders are set to continue through today ' s thanksgiving holiday , according to people close to the talks . whether enron can survive depends on the commitment of dynegy , rival us energy group , to its $ 9 bn rescue takeover bid , announced two weeks ago . dynegy said yesterday it was " encouraged " that enron had progressed in boosting its liquidity and it was continuing the " due diligence " review of enron ' s operations . some analysts believe enron will burn through its cash balances of $ 1 . 2 bn before the dynegy deal can be completed next year . david fleischer of goldman sachs , one of the last remaining bulls on enron , downgraded the stock yesterday , pointing out that cash balances were inadequate to pay off debt obligations of $ 2 . 8 bn by the end of the year . one person close to the talks with lenders said enron had a medium - term plan for restructuring $ 9 . 15 bn of debt due by the end of next year . jimmy lee , vice - chairman of jp morgan chase , said the bank would work to " strengthen enron ' s financial position up to and through its merger with dynegy " . in morning trading yesterday , enron ' s stock fell 33 per cent before it announced the extension of the $ 690 m repayment . the group ' s bonds had also fallen to levels that suggested enron faced bankruptcy . by lunchtime in new york the stock had recovered slightly and was trading at $ 4 . 97 , 29 per cent lower on the day . the shares started the week at $ 9 , but a regulatory filing by enron on monday that detailed the extent of its debt prompted traders to limit exposure before thanksgiving . additional reporting by gary silverman and robert clow . . lex , page 22 enron seeks sale , page 24 . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones source : world reporter ( tm ) tis the season to be thankful . it ' s just that it seems as if any column counting our blessings this thanksgiving day should start with , " yes , but " what with airplanes being flown into buildings , thousands dead , a war in afghanistan that will no doubt spread to other places , anthrax in the mail , a recession looming , houston companies collapsing or being sold and jobs disappearing - - well , thankfulness is harder to come by . the most , it seems , that can be said is , " well , it could be worse . " i mean , enron could be being purchased by someone from out of town instead of by dynegy . this deal means that the great majority of those enron jobs may still be here . or that while conoco is being bought by phillips petroleum - - never mind that " merger of equals " talk - - phillips has decided , for sound business reasons , to put the merged company headquarters here instead of bartlesville , okla . , where phillips is based now . then there ' s the recession . may it be short . but if it isn ' t , we will survive . unfortunately , no one has really found a way to abolish the business cycle . it ' s a fixture of market economies . we ' ve been through this before , and if we live long enough we will go through it again . some encouraging signs ? in the past houston has done better in many of the national recessions simply because we were the place you had to come if you wanted to keep your car running and the electricity running through your air conditioner . however , as is usual in recessions , demand for energy drops and the price of oil and natural gas tend to follow . that ' s bad for houstonians . but it ' s good for the national economy . lower energy prices usually result in higher overall economic activity . and besides , people aren ' t going to quit driving completely . ( he said hopefully . ) let ' s see . let ' s see . more encouraging signs . there must be some around here . somewhere . ah , yes . the 2001 transamerica retirement survey finds half of all americans say they plan to save more money for their retirement than they did in the past . that ' s good news indeed , since nearly nine in 10 americans acknowledge they aren ' t saving enough to live comfortably after they quit work . of course prior polls found americans also vowing they were going to increase retirement savings . let ' s hope , as the disclaimers on the mutual funds say , that past performance is not indicative of future results . good news / bad news : here ' s a press release from continental airlines saying for the first 15 days of november the airline filled 68 . 4 percent of its seats . that was only 1 . 8 points below the 70 . 2 percent load factor in the same period last year . before we get euphoric , however , we have to remember that continental has cut 18 percent of its flights , resulting in a 15 . 8 percent decline from the number of seats available last year . and the passenger revenue per available seat declined 21 percent from the year before . still , that ' s a bump up from the 23 percent decline in october . and over the thanksgiving holiday continental expects the same full planes it had last year . see , you can find those silver linings if you look hard enough . it ' s just that the storm clouds are rather heavy right now . and speaking of travel , here ' s some classic good news / bad news from vacationstogo . com of houston . if you ' re not familiar with them , they sell last minute cruise vacations on the internet . last minute usually being 90 days or less before departure . the web site says cruise lines are now selling cruises below their own costs , simply because it ' s still better than letting the ship leave with an empty cabin . that ' s bad news for the line but great news for those contemplating a vacation . then there ' s the stock market . in the recent past it ' s been making mincemeat of my retirement savings and yours . it does seem to be creeping back a bit . three cheers . maybe four if the trend continues . historically , the stock market drops in advance of a recession and comes back before the good times return . perhaps the economic turnaround isn ' t that far away . and finally , the best reason to give thanks is that i ' m around to write this and you to read it . it ' s the same reason why the aches and pains of old age can be welcome . it sure beats the alternative . comments ? telephone 713 - 220 - 2000 and touch code 1000 . e - mail to jim . barlowchron . com . fax to 713 - 354 - 3405 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business battered enron sags even more | doubts mount over fate of dynegy deal kristen hays associated press 11 / 22 / 2001 the san diego union - tribune 1 , 2 , 6 , 7 c - 1 ( copyright 2001 ) houston - - shares of beleaguered enron corp . plummeted an additional 28 percent yesterday even though it reached a critical agreement to extend a $ 690 million debt payment . analysts continued to question , however , whether dynegy inc . ' s planned $ 8 . 9 billion acquisition of its larger rival enron will go through , particularly as some traders are limiting business with enron because they don ' t know if more negative revelations are coming . " while it is unclear how much weaker the wholesale trading business profile is , it is likely that counterparties will continue to closely monitor and limit their exposure to enron , " fitch inc . analyst ralph pellecchia said wednesday . enron shares have plunged more than 90 percent over the past several months following the departure of the company ' s chief executive and an accounting controversy that eventually caused it to restate its earnings since 1997 , eliminating more than $ 580 million of reported income . its latest round of woes started monday , after enron filed a document with the securities and exchange commission saying it would have to repay $ 690 million in debt by nov . 26 because of decreased credit ratings . enron also acknowledged a " reduced level of transaction activity " with the company by trading partners . shares fell 23 percent tuesday , then dropped an additional 32 percent in early trading yesterday after a report by goldman sachs & co . analyst david fleischer that questioned whether enron had enough cash to survive . the filing " raised new issues about liquidity and the ability of the company to even finance itself over the next several months , " fleischer wrote . fleischer said enron had burned through $ 2 . 5 billion from sept . 30 to nov . 16 and said its cash balance of $ 1 . 2 billion was inadequate to meet remaining debt obligations . enron responded later in the day with a statement saying that it had received an extension on the debt payment until mid - december , and also was tapping an additional $ 450 million line of credit . that news wasn ' t enough to help enron ' s sagging stock price . in trading yesterday on the new york stock exchange , its shares closed down $ 1 . 98 at $ 5 . 01 . enron ' s all - time trading low is a split - adjusted $ 3 . 94 on oct . 27 , 1987 , according to the center for research in security prices at the university of chicago graduate school of business . the company traded at a 52 - week high of $ 84 . 87 in february . michelle foss , director of the energy institute at the university of houston , said enron ' s latest round of troubles had to raise concerns about whether the dynegy - enron deal can be arranged . " it doesn ' t look like it ' s going to be able to happen , " foss said yesterday . " it did look like a decent idea when they proposed the merger , but today i ' m sure they ' ll look at it and see if they can salvage their attempt to buy enron . " dynegy chairman and chief executive chuck watson said in a statement he was " encouraged " by the news of enron ' s debt extension and its credit agreement , adding that dynegy was moving ahead with its acquisition . but fitch ' s pellecchia said this week ' s events suggest that dynegy might renegotiate the deal . he also said that if dynegy steps away , bankruptcy is highly possible . shares of dynegy closed yesterday at $ 39 . 76 , down $ 1 . 94 or 4 . 5 percent , on the nyse . ubs warburg analyst ronald barone issued a report yesterday saying the signs of trader withdrawal were leading him to project that enron would lose 25 cents per share in operating costs for the fourth quarter - - a switch from his previous projection of a 25 - cent per - share gain . " this , combined with the virtual complete absence of visibility and continued breathtaking surprises in updated financial disclosures is causing us to implement even more conservative earnings and price target assumptions on the company , " barone said . raymond james & associates analyst jon kyle cartwright said dynegy likely still wants to buy enron . " it ' s too early to put a probability on a prediction that enron is imploding , " he said . " i would like to believe ( dynegy ) recognizes the enormous potential value of a healthy enron trading group and that it ' s not the type of asset you can acquire out of bankruptcy . " but he also acknowledged the problems enron faces . " if the trading operation actually collapses , enron becomes a trivial pursuit question . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . financial enron gets loan extension 11 / 22 / 2001 the washington post final eo 2 copyright 2001 , the washington post co . all rights reserved enron won a three - week reprieve from lenders on a $ 690 million note , giving the debt - laden energy trader more time to restructure its finances . enron stock nonetheless dropped an additional $ 1 . 98 a share , or 28 percent , to $ 5 . 01 . its bonds also fell amid concern the company would run out of cash before a takeover by rival dynegy is completed next year . enron had disclosed monday that it might have to repay the $ 690 million debt by nov . 26 because its credit ratings have been lowered . ' you ' ve got pictures ' unit closing eastman kodak plans to close its picturevision subsidiary , which operates aol time warner ' s internet - based you ' ve got pictures service , to reduce costs . picturevision , based in dulles , employs 128 people in the united states and israel , most of whom will be fired . you ' ve got pictures and other online storage and sharing services will be done by kodak ' s picture center . more news fruit of the loom failed to win court approval of its proposed bankruptcy - sale procedures , jeopardizing an $ 835 million offer for the underwear maker by billionaire warren buffett ' s holding company , berkshire hathaway . a u . s . bankruptcy court judge turned down fruit of the loom ' s request to approve the procedures after berkshire ' s lawyer said the company will not accept less than $ 30 million if it ' s outbid for fruit of the loom or if the recovery plan based on its bid is rejected . officials of both companies said in court documents that if the procedures aren ' t approved by nov . 30 , the bid might be pulled . fruit of the loom filed for chapter 11 in december 1999 and owes secured creditors around $ 1 . 6 billion , court papers show . windows xp sales plunged in the new operating system ' s second and third weeks on the market , in part because of the slowing economy , an analyst said . u . s . retailers sold 260 , 000 copies of the microsoft operating system from oct . 25 to oct . 27 , the product ' s first three days on the market . sales dropped 40 percent , to 155 , 000 , during the following seven days , then dropped a 51 percent from that level in the week ending nov . 10 , said steve koenig , a senior analyst at npd intelect . philip morris , which is seeking to change its name to altria group , was asked to halt the switch by altria healthcare , an alabama - based health - care billing , consulting and training company . " it is obviously of great concern to a health - care business to have a big tobacco and alcohol company wish to adopt an identical name , " said warren smedley , president of the alabama company . microsoft general counsel william h . neukom , who directed the largest software maker ' s legal strategy during a decade of battles with u . s . antitrust enforcers , will step down early next year after 22 years as the company ' s major cases wind down . safeweb , a california company partly funded by the cia , has discontinued a free service that allowed internet users to view all sites on the web even on computers that governments or corporations had outfitted with filtering software . safeweb , for now , is focusing its efforts on revenue - generating security applications for businesses . jon chun , president and co - founder of safeweb , said the company is expected to decide soon whether to restore the privacy and anti - censorship service on a subscription basis . bristol - myers squibb has been sued by a consumer group seeking to force the drugmaker to tell consumers that its theragran multivitamins contain lead and cadmium . the nonprofit group , the american environmental safety institute , contends that the metals can cause cancer , birth defects and kidney damage . under a 1986 california law , companies must disclose if their products contain chemicals the state designates as potential causes of cancer or birth defects . new york - based bristol - myers did not immediately return a call for comment . abbott laboratories and baxter international have been accused in lawsuits of violating civil fraud and racketeering statutes by manipulating prices of certain drugs and causing elderly patients and others to overpay for treatments . the suits , filed last week in chicago by a union benefits plan and a senior citizens group , contend that the companies illegally inflated the prices of some drugs covered by medicare . abbott denied the allegations , and baxter declined comment . ford has pushed back the introduction , until spring , of several safety features it had promised would be available on the 2002 explorer by this fall , the detroit free press reported . in january , ford said its redesigned version of the nation ' s top - selling sport - utility vehicle would offer such things as tire - pressure monitors and air - bag - like safety canopy rollover sensors after the public uproar over the firestone tire recall . ford now plans to offer the safety equipment to customers in march , about three months before the end of 2002 model year production . international taisei fire & marine insurance said it will file for bankruptcy protection because claims from sept . 11 ' s terrorist attacks in the united states and this month ' s new york plane crash may make the japanese insurer insolvent . claims from the attacks on new york ' s world trade center and the crash of an american airlines jet in queens will total $ 604 million , the company said . taisei , a money - making company with no long - term debt as of the end of its last fiscal year , may have simply been too small to withstand the catastrophes . an agreement between non - opec and independent oil producers to cut output was " imminent , " venezuelan president hugo chavez told a group of business leaders . last week , the organization of petroleum exporting countries agreed to trim production by 1 . 5 million barrels a day , but only if independent producers such as russia , norway and mexico agreed to an additional combined cut of 500 , 000 barrels a day . four u . s . food firms agreed to sell about $ 24 million in grain and food to cuba , the first american food shipments since the united states eased a trade embargo last year . the shipments by cargill , archer daniels midland , conagra and riceland foods are intended to replace cuban food supplies destroyed by hurricane michelle earlier this month , the companies said . the transactions are still subject to u . s . government approval , cargill said . international monetary fund officials said they would recommend that the multilateral lending agency ' s board approve a new standby credit for peru to support the country ' s economic program for the next two years . though the imf statement didn ' t specify any amount , peruvian economy minister pedro - pablo kuczynski has said the standby credit would be about $ 300 million . peru hopes the imf backing will improve its credit with other potential lenders . about 16 , 000 workers at volkswagen ' s largest and oldest brazilian factory voted to accept a management offer to cut salaries and working hours by 15 percent to save 3 , 000 jobs at the plant . the pact was negotiated last week by abc metalworkers ' union , after the workers walked off their jobs when the automaker dismissed 3 , 000 of them by letter , citing their high pay and a slump in demand for new cars . local business calpine said it plans to spend about $ 500 million to build a power plant in virginia that can serve a million homes as part of the energy supplier ' s plan to increase business in the southeastern united states . calpine will build , own and operate the 1 , 000 - megawatt natural - gas - fired plant in gravel neck , 50 miles southeast of richmond . earnings hormel foods , the largest u . s . turkey producer , said fiscal fourth - quarter profit rose 13 percent , to $ 68 . 8 million , on an expansion of its poultry business and higher sales of spam luncheon meat and hormel chili . dillard ' s said its fiscal third - quarter loss widened to $ 40 million , from $ 4 million a year earlier , as sales at the department - store chain fell 5 . 4 percent , to $ 1 . 87 billion . compiled from reports by the associated press , bloomberg news , dow jones news service and washington post staff writers . http : / / www . washingtonpost . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . prudential , pimco have owned falling enron bonds ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 22 02 : 19 ( new york ) prudential , pimco have owned falling enron bonds ( updatel ) ( updates to add details of renegotiation of $ 690 million payment and stock price in 14 th and 15 th paragraph . ) new york , nov . 22 ( bloomberg ) - - joseph portera says he regretted owning enron corp . partnership bonds when he sold them last month at a 10 percent loss of about 100 , 000 euros , or $ 88 , 000 . these days , the head of fixed income at mackay - shields financial corp . counts himself among the lucky . if he ' d waited until this week to sell , portera would have lost almost $ 400 , 000 on the bonds issued by enron ' s osprey trust . ` ` i was pretty glum when i sold , but i ' m happy now , ' ' said portera , who sold the debt from the mainstay strategic income fund . ` ` my job is portfolio manager , not becoming a member of a creditors ' committee . ' ' many enron partnership bond investors may end up less fortunate than portera . money managers , including prudential insurance co . , pimco advisors holding lp and sunamerica life insurance co . , a division of aig life insurance co . have held the bonds this year . prudential and sunamerica were among the biggest owners of a $ 1 . 4 billion note issued by osprey trust that pays annual interest of 8 . 31 percent and matures in 2003 . prudential owned 8 . 6 percent of the notes and pimco owned 5 . 4 percent , according to bloomberg data . other owners have included aig , travelers insurance co . , a division of citigroup inc . , and metlife inc . , according to bloomberg data that includes filings between march and july . spokesmen for prudential , pimco , sunamerica , aig , travelers and metlife declined to comment on whether those companies have sold osprey bonds . enron ' s dealings with affiliated partnerships have led to credit - rating cuts , a cash crunch , a federal investigation and an 83 % plunge in the company ' s share price since oct . 1 . the partnerships are responsible for $ 3 . 9 billion of the $ 17 billion in debt listed by enron on monday in its second financial restatement this month . falling bonds enron , the largest energy trader , has agreed to be acquired by smaller rival dynegy inc . in a transaction now valued at about $ 23 billion in stock and assumed debt . dynegy plans to complete the buyout by october , and enron may have to ask lenders to restructure payment schedules to survive . enron ' s bonds tumbled this week , with most trading below 70 cents on the dollar yesterday , on concern the company ' s debts may scuttle the dynegy acquisition . enron ' s 6 . 4 percent coupon notes due in 2006 were bid at 80 cents on monday , dropped to 73 cents on tuesday and were bid as low as 62 cents yesterday . enron ' s 6 . 95 percent bonds due in 2028 traded as low as 50 cents on the dollar yesterday . enron ' s bonds would likely rise to par , or $ 1 , if dynegy buys enron . they could fall below 50 cents if the proposed deal collapses , said shannon bass , who helps manage $ 50 billion at pacific investment management co . based on those prices , investors give the dynegy takeover no better than a 50 - 50 chance , bass said . dynegy has said it will assume about $ 15 billion of enron debt - - $ 13 billion of short and long - term liabilities such as bonds and $ 2 billion of preferred shares . the debts include $ 9 . 15 billion in loans , notes and bonds that enron is obligated to repay or refinance before the end of next year , according to the company ' s filings . with its credit rating in jeopardy , enron can ' t refinance easily , calling into question whether it will be able to pay its debts before the dynegy purchase would be completed next year . marlin and osprey enron is negotiating with bankers to restructure the $ 9 . 15 billion in debt , and it plans to pay off some it with sales of assets . enron corp . won a three - week reprieve from lenders yesterday on a $ 690 million note that became due next week after a rating downgrade . shares of enron , the most - active u . s . stock , dropped $ 1 . 98 , or 28 percent , to $ 5 . 01 , its lowest close since april 1989 . enron created partnerships , including the osprey and marlin trusts , and used them to shift liabilities off its balance sheet . the partnerships sold trust bonds and enron guaranteed them by promising to issue millions of shares of stock to back any losses . funds from the osprey and marlin bonds were transferred to other enron affiliates to buy power plants , pay for a water management business and make enron - approved investments , according to bond prospectuses . when portera sold enron partnership bonds last month , enron had been buffeted by the resignation of jeff skilling as chief executive , a third - quarter loss of $ 1 . 01 billion from failed investments by partnerships and a securities and exchange commission investigation into enron ' s finances . ` ` not enough money ' ' portera sold his bonds because of a ` ` put ' ' provision in osprey notes that allows holders to sell the bonds back to enron if the credit rating is cut to a junk grade by any of the three major ratings companies , moody ' s investors service , standard & poor ' s and fitch . fitch and s & p rate enron ' s senior debt at ` ` bbb - , ' ' or one level above junk . ` ` if there was that downgrade , everybody would try to put the bonds back and there just wouldn ' t be enough money to go around , ' ' portera said . typically , put provisions allow bondholders to sell back bonds at their original price . portera sold the osprey stake on oct . 24 at 89 cents on the dollar after holding the bonds 13 months . the notes had traded at 96 cents on the dollar just days before portera sold . the notes were bid at 56 cents this week . when enron sold debt through osprey and marlin between september 1999 and july 2001 , its credit rating was improving and its bonds were trading near face value . the company likely planned to sell new bonds to pay off partnership debt when it came due , said austin ramzy , director of fixed - income research at principal capital income investors . with enron now all but shut out of the capital markets , the company ' s next option would be selling assets of the partnerships , which include power plants and water systems . the partnership debt can be seen as only ` ` partially secured ' ' because the assets wouldn ' t fetch enough to cover all the obligations , ramzy said . ` ` right now the exercise is to estimate how far short the asset coverage is in these trusts , ' ' said glenn reynolds , an analyst at creditsights inc . , a new york - based fixed - income research firm . - - terence flanagan in the new york newsroom ( 212 ) 893 - 5662 
2	Subject: re : documents from iris mack iris , i have received your e - mail and phone message . i shall distribute your papers to the other interviewers . also , i shall contact you by thursday regarding a job offer . vince " iris mack " on 12 / 11 / 2000 08 : 09 : 10 pm to : irismmack @ hotmail . com , zlu @ enron . com , vshanbh @ enron . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : documents from iris mack hi again , i don ' t recall if i mentioned that my harvard doctoral dissertation involved another energy problem - the transient stability of electrical power systems . much of the data , model and analysis was done with lots of collaborative efforts with my advisors at harvard and mit and with the electrical power research institute ( epri ) in palo alto . kind regards , iris mack > from : " iris mack " > to : zlu @ enron . com , vshanbh @ enron . com > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > subject : documents from iris mack > date : sun , 10 dec 2000 16 : 57 : 21 > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ get more from the web . free msn explorer download : http : / / explorer . msn . com received : from 64 . 20 . 165 . 171 by lwl 1 fd . lawl 1 . hotmail . msn . com with http ; sun , 10 dec 2000 16 : 57 : 21 gmt x - originating - ip : [ 64 . 20 . 165 . 171 ] from : " iris mack " to : zlu @ enron . com , vshanbh @ enron . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : documents from iris mack date : sun , 10 dec 2000 16 : 57 : 21 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html x - stn - info : dear zimin and vasant , ? ? ? ? ? how are you ? ? thank you for taking time out of your busy schedules to tell me about the work you are doing at enron . ? ? ? ? ? this email is in reference to your requests for two documents i forwarded to dr . kaminski : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 1 . ? my london business school executive mba thesis on weather derivatives ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 2 . ? a document describing some work i did on real options applied to the commodities industry . ? ? ? ? ? you should be able to get a copy of these documents from dr . kaminski . ? if not , please let me know . ? kind regards , iris mack 
2	Subject: bennington / lamar power ua 4 data call me with any questions . gary h 
2	Subject: we sell regalis for an affordable price hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / the - rxsite . com / sup / best regards , jeremy stones no thanks : http : / / the - rxsite . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: is it funny ? far might town when little tree . high gone miss eight collect . after , laugh especially system though . live won ' t happen . when fast port . eat , than oh , one happen slow . yet stone back interest . build cause five beauty . visit she if . feel set let cow . will map , his . while low down ocean shall student . - - phone : 705 - 384 - 1423 mobile : 981 - 479 - 3838 email : mickey . jefferson @ imneverwrong . com  
2	Subject: software 75 % off actinide cheap cheap cheap software sales windows xp office xp . . . . . . . . . . order here kathleen drury cost  
2	Subject: photoshop , windows , office . cheap . fosters grains light , mark two . has begin stead . bat , pound industry kind . made village follow , side please what usual . term order , call , south plant . yellow , stop bank decide , open . teach note minute know coast . tell need corn meet hard from . right show page house .  
2	Subject: world largest meds store , the cheapest with quality valium , xanax , cialis , \ / iagra may passed bear winter very walking game ran find language worth ache listen show , 7 o % discount medlcationsno prescription needed at all ! we loo % assured no need prescription our products : anti anxiety : valium , xanaax anti depresssant : prozac , zoloft , paxil men ' s health : \ / iagra , \ / iagra soft tablet , super \ / iagra ( cialis ) , propecia , levitra wieght loss : meridia , xenical sleeping aid : ambien pain relief : celebrex , vioxx , soma diabetes : glucophage stop smoking : zyban cholesterol : lipitor - 24 / 7 support - live support for easy problem solving or questions - order dispatch tracking - package tracking - re - order discounts ( saavve up to 100 bucks per ordered product ) - personalized area to the site - we remember what you order , for eaze of re - ordering - 100 % satisfaction guarantee - cheeap medication ! - and much , much more . . . . no embrassment , discreet packagingshiip worldwide & order here now ! no thanks sick bad comfort south extremely below fire bit else excellent sleep think continue ago somewhere .  
2	Subject: online pharmacy - buy drugs online online pharmacy - visit our online store and save . save up to 80 % compared to normal rates . all popular drugs are available ! - world wide shipping - no doctor visits - no prescriptions - next day priority shipping - discreet packaging - buy in bulk and save ! we make it easier and faster than ever to get the prescriptions you need . go here : http : / / phenter . net / rx / phrm / simply rx is your convenient , safe and private online source for fda approved pharmacy prescriptions . we sell brand - name and exact generic equivalents of us fda approved prescription drugs through our fully - licensed overseas pharmacy . upon approval of your medical information , a licensed physician will issue a free prescription which can be filled and shipped to you in one business day . no thanks : http : / / phenter . net / z . php  
2	Subject: hl & p flow here are the most recent numbers . 
2	Subject: ( no subject ) want to watch hardcore porn movies ? our site is voted the # 1 broadband movie site online ! click this link to watch our steaming chix in action : to unsubscribe from our list enter you email here : http : / / www . froggyhost . com / clubs / remove / [ jk 9 ^ " : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ] http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: maddox vince , here is michael maddox contact information : tel : ( 617 ) 497 6446 email : mmaddox @ cera . com they have an office in europe as well . i would love to be involved in projects involving georgia , azerbaijan , turkey , etc . my resume thanks , bessik matchavariani enron broadband services tel : 713 . 345 . 7230 fax : 713 . 646 . 8861 bessik _ matchavariani @ enron . net 
2	Subject: hpl nom for june 1 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 601 . xls ) - hplno 601 . xls 
2	Subject: all eta ' s link this is the hyperlink to all active eta ' s - just change the number of the country id accordingly . http : / / www . enrononline . com / docs / eta / eta _ 826 . html uk http : / / www . enrononline . com / docs / eta / eta _ 840 . html us country _ id country _ name 11082 argentina 10298 australia 40 austria 56 belgium 11111 bermuda 124 canada 11209 cayman islands 11096 chile 11163 china 191 croatia 10020 czech republic 208 denmark 246 finland 250 france 276 germany 11248 gibraltar 11137 greece 11103 hong kong 11203 hungary 11208 india 10138 ireland 11095 israel 380 italy 10384 japan 11109 latvia 10947 mexico 11128 monaco 528 netherlands 11200 netherlands antilles 578 norway 11097 peru 616 poland 620 portugal 642 romania 11108 russian federation 702 singapore 11138 slovakia 705 slovenia 11102 south africa 11160 south korea 724 spain 752 sweden 756 switzerland 11105 taiwan 11104 turkey 840 usa 826 united kingdom 11168 virgin islands ( british ) 
2	Subject: next eprm article hi vince the next article is due by the end of the week - apologies for the lateness . could you have a look at the attached draft and let us have your comments in the next couple of days . thanks les . - eprm _ 08 _ analytical _ pricing . zip 
2	Subject: big cowboy - additional production tom did some footwork and questioning and determined where the additional big cowboy production is coming from . apparently , hpl cut a deal to purchase this gas at " hpl meters " at rocher and big cowboy # 2 , so the gas had been pathed on the gathering agreement into our pipe . all along , these volumes have been flowing into the gepl / big cowboy system and on to king ranch . tom and i spoke with clem about the most correct way to reflect the physical and determined that a transport usage ticket needed to be put into place , as im wellhead , to transfer the volumes from hpl to gepl and into the plant . we unpathed the gathering agreement and brokered the hpl purchase to the tu tickets and moved the gas on our transport on gepl to the plant , effective april 1 . this resolves our overproduction issues for april and forward . please let me know if you have any further questions , comments , or information to add . mary 
2	Subject: strong buy alert : monthly newsletter topstocks mid - week report alert : strong buy / watch issued on cwtd * * * braking end of market news announcement * * * * * wednesday may 19 , 6 : 14 pm et * * braking news ; wednesday may 19 , 6 : 14 pm et china world trade corp . signs agreement with huahao group to acquire 51 % of it ' s operating arm , new generation group . read below for more information or click here for full news release china world trade corp . symbol : cwtd otc . bb price $ 3 . 15 significant revenue growth in 2004 rating : strong buy this stock has ran to over $ 9 . 00 in the previous months and with all the recent activity along with future talks of china world making amex listing would make this a great time to take a closer look at the company ; cwtd . * recent company news tianhe , guangzhou , china - - ( market wire ) - - may 19 , 2004 - - china world trade corp is pleased to announce that it has signed an agreement with huahao group to acquire 51 % of its operating arm , new generation group . total consideration for the transaction is $ 11 , 475 , 000 , about 70 % payable in stock and the balance to be paid in cash . the audit of huahao is scheduled to be complete before july 15 , 2004 . it is expected that cwtd will consolidate the revenue of new generation group once the transaction has closed . the transaction is expected to close on or before july 30 , 2004 . the new generation group agreement marks another key component in the china world trade corporation ' s strategy to have the capability to provide to their members a more comprehensive value - added service - - all the members can book arrange all of their travel needs through the new generation group . of equal importance , new generation group recently deployed a toll - free number , which is very rare for china . while there were nearly 80 million internet users in china at the end of 2003 , there were over 250 million mobile phone users and hundreds of millions of more landlines . as a result , it is believed the phone is likely to remain the primary tool that chinese businessmen and consumers use to access information and make travel purchases for years to come - - especially last minute reservations ! about huahao group : established in october 1997 , huahao is the pioneer and one of the market leaders in the travel agency businesses through the operations of its 10 subsidiaries in southern china in ticketing sales for international and domestic flights as well as inbound business travel . the turnover of huahao was approximately us $ 180 million in 2003 and is expected to reach us $ 250 million in 2004 . huahao has already acquired the necessary licenses to operate as a ticketing and travel agent in the prc . these licenses include 26 licenses as a ticketing agent for international and domestic flights for both cargo and passengers issued by the civil aviation administration of china ( caac ) and the international air transport association ( iata ) ; and 3 licenses as a domestic and international travel agent issued by the administrative bureau of tourism of china . huahao has registered the trademark network travel service ( nts ) ( or in chinese zhong heng tian di ' ' meaning travel around the world ' ' ) for its brand name and logo in 36 out of 43 recognized industries in china . in addition , huahao has set up a call center to handle nationwide reservations . customers are able to make reservations of hotel and air ticket simply by dialing 4008168168 anywhere in the nation . about china world trade corp : china world trade corp . is devoted to the building of world trade brand in china . china world trade corp . a listed company on the ( otc bb : cwtd ) in the united states . cwtc business objective is to open and operate business clubs in the major cities of china in association with the world trade center association in order to position us as the platform to facilitate trade between china and the world market . we currently operate the guangzhou world trade center club consisting of over 4000 square meters . the beijing world trade center club , which is located at 2 nd floor , office tower ii , landmark towers beijing , 8 north dongsanhuan road , beijing prc , and consisting of 730 square meters . the china world trade corp executive office is located at 4 th floor , goldlion digital network center , 138 tiyu road east , tianhe , guangzhou , and the prc 510620 . * key company points here are a few simple reasons why one would own china world trade corp : china world trade corp signs agreement with huahao group to acquire 51 % of its operating arm , new generation group . total consideration for the transaction is $ 11 , 475 , 000 , about 70 % payable in stock and the balance in cash into the company . the audit of huahao is scheduled to be complete before july 15 th 2005 . the transaction is expected to close on or before july 30 , 2004 . it is expected that cwtd will consolidate the revenue of new generation group once the transaction has closed . projected revenue for 2004 will be over usd 200 million . new generation group recently deployed a nation wide toll free number in china : 4008168168 , which is very rare for china . while there were nearly 80 million internet users in china at the end of 2003 . there were over 250 million mobile phone users and hundreds of million of landlines . this is a one stop service numbers for all travel services for inbound and outbound services . disclaimer : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . topstocks and / or its officers and employees have been compensated 50 , 000 open trade shares by a third party for work involved in the preparation and production of this report in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of independently purchased shares of the company mentioned prior to the publication of this report . . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . short term trading targets are only guesses on our part . keep in mind that when trading small stocks like the company above there is a chance you will lose every penny you invest . furthermore there have been times in the past when the company itself tells lies , gives false information and puts out false news . this email is for entertainment purposes only . this is not investment advice . we suggest you check with an investment professional before investing any stocks or mutual funds .  
2	Subject: greg whalley ' s new office location greg whalley and i have moved to the 33 rd floor . greg ' s new office location is eb 3324 - steno # 549 i ' m located at eb 3322 - steno # 598 many thanks , liz taylor 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe liiustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , bernardina  
2	Subject: your order details % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt over 150 meds to choose from with no prescription required opt out 6 % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt  
2	Subject: here ' s a hot piay in motion " stock watch alert " this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 17 wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroieum in the development of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a fuil - sized commercial wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financial structuring and investment , reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technoiogies , and other aspects relating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this development will be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 12 o miilion in development expenditures . once compieted , this wind park wil | supply upwards of 170 , ooo mw of eiectricity annuaily for poiand and the european community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 0 oo homes with eiectricity and offset neariy 17 o , 00 o tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross eiectric saies over a 2 o - year period are estimated at over $ 450 mi | | ion for a project this size . about the ec baitic renewabie energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimulate the deveiopment of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction of res projects , the development of innovative technologies , and the creation of relevant policies , strategies and pians . to fuifill the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and international organizations . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop traditional fossi | fue | sites , as weil as ciean air aiternative energy producing technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oi | they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectiveiy , over 26 , ooo weils produced 54 . 7 miilion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade friday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for ail but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 001 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: pro - forma invoice attached knaves entireties stronghold trio atrophied andean tracing askers jamaican reformers sparseness knot frontal gyro fledged deanna pogo millinery patentable doe ottomanization stadia wisdoms attained johannes appalachians forewarn wheaten hoosier grunts unaided insinuation hildebrand bloodstain - - phone : 396 - 749 - 6708 mobile : 746 - 230 - 8752 email : thinkers @ aol . com  
2	Subject: data you can use beatify affordable prices , great service , and a satisfaction guarantee make we are the right choice for all of your designer - repliica - needs ! our mission is to supply a high quality product , with - designer features at an unbeatable price . kindly visit us at : http : / / t . spacedidacticrain . com / re / addidas , bally , bvlgari , burberry , cartier , chanel , christian dior , dunhill , dupont , escada , fendi , ferragamo , gucci , hermes , iwc , jacob & co . , louis vuitton , mont blanc , movado , nike , omega , oris , prada , puma , rado , roger dubuis , rolex , sector , tag heuer , technomarine , tiffany , timberland , tudor i start to blushyou are my sugar rushbaby you ' re my sugar rush cevpr earglex fontgmouse zzo 2 fieldings fimultiple sail in a teacupdrift on the milky white sea oh oh oh 
2	Subject: can you afford to ignore smallcaps ? breaking news at the ciose friday itec environmenta | group , inc . ( otcbb : i - t - e - c ) current price : $ . 24 volume friday : 698 , 474 shares how will the stock react to the following news monday ? if you thiink it wiil jump , you may not want to wait unti | it ' s too | ate . press reiease : source : itec environmenta | group , inc . itec environmenta | group , inc . projects continued growth and increased revenue in connection with h . muehlstein agreement and commitments from plastic recycling corp . of caiifornia oakdale , calif . - - ( business wire )  march 18 , 2 oo 5 , itec environmental group , inc . ( itec . ob ) today announced it secured a suppiy of raw material from the major co | | ector of the post consumer used beverage containers in caiifornia as wel | as from several independent sources . the plastic recycling corp . of california ( prcc ) has committed to make avaiiabie to itec up to 100 miilion pounds of material per year . itec is currently in negotiations for a $ 12 million financing to buiid two pet and hdpe flake manufacturing faciiities . as part of the negotiations the company was required to restructure a major portion of its debt , which was compieted in early january 2005 . itec  s first plant wi | | be capabie of producing up to 44 miliion pounds per year . construction , instaliation and start - up for the first plant are anticipated to take approximateiy four months . the plant is expected to be fuily operationa | and generating revenues within 17 weeks from the ciosing of the $ 12 miilion financing . once itec obtains the working capital necessary to buiid its first piant , it wil | be well positioned to produce and sell a large quantity of its pet and hdpe fiake . itec recentiy entered into a three - year agency agreement with h . muehistein & co . , inc . , pursuant to which h . muehistein wi | | act as itec  s exciusive agent for the purchase and sale annualiy of up to 6 o mi | | ion pounds of itec  s pet flake and post - consumer hdpe natura | flake and pellets in the united states and canada . upon the successful completion of the first plant , the company beiieves it wiil se | | approximately 12 mi | | ion pounds of pet and hdpe fiake , generating approximateiy $ 8 , ooo , 0 oo in revenues during its first year of operation , ebitda of approximateiy $ 1 , 000 , oo 0 and a gross profit margin of 12 % . in accordance with itec  s business strategy , itec  s second plant wi | | become operational in the second year post - financing . during the second year , itec expects both plants to produce approximately 47 miliion pounds of fiake , generating approximately $ 28 , ooo , 00 o in revenues , ebitda of approximateiy $ 6 , 00 o , 00 o and a gross profit margin of 21 % . customers that purchase itec  s pet and hdpe fiake include but are not limited to companies such as owens - iliinois , which is the | argest manufacturer of beverage containers in the usa , leading industries / duris industries , pactive packaging , reynoids packaging division , karma industries and berkeiey industries , a | | of which are located in california . in california and arizona there are approximately 30 manufactures of packaging products that may be abie to use itec  s products in their production . about itec environmenta | group itec environmental group offers solutions to pressing environmenta | probiems faced by pubiic agencies and private entities invoived in the recyciing of piastics . in a research partnership with honeywe | | fm & t , itec has developed and successfu | | y commerciaiized a revolutionary new system for the recycling of piastic containers . its proprietary eco 2 tm system costs 30 % less to operate , uses no water , removes all contaminates and odors from the finished flake , is ciosed - loop and thus non - po | | uting , and produces no toxic by - products . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ please watch this one trade . good luck and succesful trading . . . information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materiaily from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . these factors inciude : a large accumuiated deficit , a | arge negative net worth , a going concern opinion from its auditor , a nominal cash position , a note receivabie from an officer , advances from officers to pay expenses , no revenue in its most recent quarter and a limited operating history . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . other factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and deveiop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors over which the company has | ittle or no control . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose ail your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a registered in - vestment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive one hundred thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wi | | sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to | ose money . ail factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to sec filings , company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reiiabie but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 35 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: would you like a $ 250 gas card ? don ' t let the current high price of gas get to you . simply enter your zipcode to see if this promotion is available in your area . ubycvski 
2	Subject: improve your size and your power i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here at this rate i ' ll get home some time next year , he grumbled oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 oh ; i believe i ' ve heard of you , said the cab - horse ; but you are unlike anything that i expected to seei do not doubt it , the sawhorse observed , with a tone of pride however , i suppose i ought to be glad the machine works at all and he really was glad  
2	Subject: you were accepted . here is your money dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 4 . 75 rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting : http : / / www . barefi . net / ? id  j 22 we look foward to hearing from you . thank you , lorene ouellette , account managerlpc and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? - > www . iorefi . net / book . php 
2	Subject: re : ibuyit activity for the week of october 12 th ( co . 413 ) louise , i believe what you are seeing is names of enron networks employees who are placing orders on behalf of ena . when this happens these employees are responsible for obtaining prior approval for the responsible party within the cost center their are ordering for . additionally all it hardware purchases must be reviewed and approved by a technical buyer once the cost center financial approval is obtained . therefore , some of the individuals which you see listed in the approver 1 and approver 2 columns will not be ena employees . please advise if you have any additional questions . thanks john - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , october 17 , 2001 8 : 34 am to : gillespie , john cc : davila , raul ; hudgens , mark ; wasaff , george subject : re : ibuyit activity for the week of october 12 th ( co . 413 ) there are a lot of people who are not enron americas - please cut them out ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gillespie , john sent : tuesday , october 16 , 2001 2 : 28 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : davila , raul ; hudgens , mark ; wasaff , george subject : ibuyit activity for the week of october 12 th ( co . 413 ) louise , attached is the ibuyit weekly activity report for co . 413 . please advise if you have any questions . thanks john > 
2	Subject: conoco supply cuts on oasis 5 / 21 - 5 / 22 conoco supply from el paso # 9 dwe was cut into oasis : 5 / 21 nom 10 , 000 cut to 9 , 399 ( cut of 601 ) 5 / 22 nom 10 , 000 cut to 8 , 312 ( cut of 1 , 688 ) delivery into hpl from oasis katy kept whole . i entered these cuts in the estimate column in mops for both oasis / hpl & oasis / ena . . . . please verify that is correct . thanks , mark 
2	Subject: paln med prescriptions written and filled online ! cinnabar consignor lome refract sa 4 ve 7 ro % ordoering onl 4 ine tooday ! viasit our site and salve big diminution ducat cyclic dominant lectionary diathesis improvident precipitate stanch spar strung precursor crossbar anonymity doubleday performance solve leeward belie issuance disburse chaplaincy bryophyta acquiescent harass mask digitalis denunciation chalmers bert saltwater orangeroot cancel predecessor debonair rainy incredible exploratory byrd zgo leftover conscience beget dugout hydrochloride junco postulate devise diorama cutler prospectus exclamation gangster allstate mutagen indelible lumberman comprehend evangel recurring betel fortnight desecrater amen sandal ransack enzymology tarbell yemen jfp 7 bobbindominion rm  
2	Subject: hey ! tell your friends to hit me up we offer instant download ! you will no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery - you can download any program and pc games at once you have purchased it ! most of program packages are within 50 - 150 mbs and even if you have slow modem connection you ' ll be able to download for an one day . why so cheap ? all the software is oem - meaning that you do not get the box with it . you receive the software carrying a unique registration code . most of the software is in the english language for pc . our offers are unbeatable and we always update our prices to make sure we provide you with the best possible offers . hurry up and place your order , because our supplies are limited . note that we are not selling any trial , incomplete or academic version of software  it is original and fully functional . see more then 45 special offers http : / / fons . biz . whossoft . com zip - archive our price retail price you save 823 mb microsoft windows xp professional with sp 2 full version $ 59 . 95 $ 280 . 95 $ 220 . 95 391 mb microsoft office professional 2003 $ 59 . 95 $ 579 . 95 $ 479 . 95 135 mb norton internet security pro 2005 $ 29 . 95 $ 79 . 95 $ 50 . 95 880 mb macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 119 . 95 $ 899 . 95 $ 789 . 95 164 mb quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage $ 59 . 95 $ 1799 . 95 $ 1739 . 95 156 mb adobe photoshop cs 2 with imageready cs 2 $ 59 . 95 $ 609 . 95 $ 549 . 95 200 mb adobe acrobat 7 . 0 proffessional $ 49 . 95 $ 499 . 95 $ 399 . 95 277 mb adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 59 . 9 $ 269 . 95 $ 159 . 95 98 mb dreamweaver mx 2004 $ 49 . 95 $ 229 . 95 $ 179 . 95 766 mb autocad 2005 $ 59 . 95 $ 1969 . 95 $ 1910 . 95 28 mb ahead nero v 6 . 3 powerpack $ 29 . 95 $ 89 . 95 $ 59 . 95 1453 mb 3 ds max 7 $ 59 . 95 $ 1569 . 95 $ 1510 . 95 195 mb corel draw graphics suite 12 $ 49 . 95 $ 279 . 95 $ 169 . 95 lob 
2	Subject: 3 locations free : orlando , las vegas , ft laud . congratulations on receiving this special e - mail invitation ! ! ! these invitations were only being sent out . . . to a very select group of individuals like yourself . . . who were confirmed and qualified to receive this spectacular offer ! ! ! please click on the link below to register and receive your complimentary three night stay in your choice of three ( 3 ) of these nine ( 9 ) fun filled locations ! ! ! - magical orlando - las vegas . . . city of lights - palm beach , fl . . . . florida ' s best kept secret - fabulous ft , lauderdale - atlantic city . . . city of excitement - new smyrna beach , fl . . . . secluded from it all - daytona beach , fl . . . the worlds most famous beach - key west , fl . . . the southern most point in the u . s . - miami south beach . the city that never sleeps so log onto : http : / / www . famtriptravel . com / 3 mv _ cntr . html . . . for your complimentary vacations for two ! ! ! keep in mind . . . our obligation to hold your vacations will expire 72 hours from the date of delivery of this special invitation special disclaimer : this message is sent in compliance of the proposed bill section 301 , paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) of s . 1618 . by providing a valid remove me feature it can not be considered spam . furthermore , we make every effort to insure that the recipients of our direct marketing are those individuals who have asked to receive additional informaion on promotional offers from companies who offer internet marketing products . again we apologize if this message has reached you in error . screening of addresses has been done to the best of our technical ability . we honor all removal requests . if you would like , you can be removed from any future mailings by the sponsor listed above by e - mailing mailto : removeme @ famtriptravel . com with the subject remove me in the subject line . this advertising material is being used for the purpose of soliciting sales of a vacation interval ownership plan .  
2	Subject: meeting for friday on storage hi mark , i have not met you yet but heard a lot of good things about you . i would like to discuss with you and possibly with john bloomer and richard reichardt about the ebs research ' s role in supporting the storage market development from the origination and trading perspective . there are several people in various groups that are talking about storage but here is what ' s my take on our involvement - - please correct me or suggest otherwise . shalesh ganjoo is our lead analyst on this effort . in addition to his effort with your group , he is presently supporting jean mrha with pricing and standardization for a traded storage maret - - stinson gibner is directly supervising him in this effort . shalesh came to us through referal from david cox - - david discovered him at one of his speaking engagements . shalesh had talked to david about traded storage market development some time last october and david refered shalesh to enron research group . we hired shalesh for general analyst position and now he is pulled into all aspect of this storage effort . currently , he is our point person ( with stinson or i supervising his effort ) who is supporting jean mrha and you on the subject . kara knop has aproached shalesh with request for some support and shalesh and she are sorting out each other  , s role in this regard . as per my discussion today with david , we need to coordinate this storage effort from the perspective of modeling market assessment etc . for this i suggest shalesh and his effort so that all parties involved can benefit from collective effort within one central source . based on david ' s and my assessment of shalesh ' s capabilities , i would like to suggest that the commercial heads use shalesh for his creative thinking , understanding of the market and analytical capabilities and not just for data gathering and simple research effort . we can add other staff as we see the need and as you request them . please respond this e - mail with your comments if this sounds like aplan , so that we can support this effort efficiently and in a scalable manner . kind regards , ravi . a bit about ebs research group john bloomer and richard reichardt have met me and are aware of my role and stinston gibner ' s role in ebs . i lead a team of quantitative professionals via a group we are calling ebs research . this group reports to stinson gibner ( vp ) and vince kaminski ( md and head of enron research ) . stinson and vince are the original founders of enron corp research that has been charged with model development efforts to support enron energy trading and other enron business . enron research is involved in all aspects of enron buinesses ( ees , international , corporate affairs such as fas 133 and other accounting and new product ( derivatives ) development , etc . ) . within ebs research , there serveral professionals supporting kevin howard ( cfo office ) , john griebling , tom gros and jean mrha , david cox ( via boris ) , and the war room . our main area of focus is with jean mrha ( trading ) and john griebling ( optical network design and optimization , etc . ) . we play a key role with john griebling ' s go forward network design and implementation through our responsiblity to provide traffic engineering analysis and modeling effort . - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 03 / 08 / 00 09 : 31 am - - - - - shalesh ganjoo @ ect 03 / 07 / 00 08 : 01 pm to : mark s palmer / enron communications @ enron communications cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron subject : meeting for friday on storage dear mark , i am looking forward to presenting my competitive analysis on the storage market on friday to you and others . ravi thurasingham will be calling you to find out if we ( research group ) can assist your group in any other way . please let me know if you need any information before we meet . thank you . sincerely , shalesh ganjoo 
2	Subject: the national forum on corporate finance hello mr . fastow , sheridan titman from ut - austin and i are both delighted you will be able to participate in the conference we are organizing here at rice . attached is a revised overview of the organization - the second page contains an up - to - date list of the firms involved . also , i ' m attaching a draft of the actual program . after each presentation , i have a panel of three or four people who will can respond to some of the points or issues raised in each discussion . these remarks will be very informal and ad hoc and thus should require no preparation on your part . reaction to this format has been good and i think it will be a great way to stimulate discussion / debate . i have you penciled in to serve on one such panel on saturday morning , may 5 . the topic deals with handing the dilution arising from executive stock options and involves the top academic expert on executive stock options , david yermack from nyu . let me know if you have any concerns about this or if a conflict arises . also , i will be e - mailing some registration materials to you in the next week . i look forward to seeing you soon . dave ikenberry . at 11 : 20 am 2 / 26 / 2001 - 0600 , vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > andy , > > thanks . i shall forward your message to > prof . ikenberry . > > vince > > > > > > from : andrew s fastow / enron @ enronxgate on 02 / 22 / 2001 01 : 45 pm > > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect > cc : > subject : re : the national forum on corporate finance > > vince : > > i would be interested in participating . thanks . > > andy > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : kaminski , vince > sent : monday , february 05 , 2001 10 : 23 am > to : andrew s fastow / hou / ect @ enron > cc : kaminski , vince > subject : the national forum on corporate finance > > andy , > > i am sending you a draft oof a proposal regarding national forum for top > finance practitioners and > academics . the idea came from a professor at rice university who > has already received a commitment from a number > of most distinguished cfos . > > please , read the outline and see if you would be interested in joining > this forum . > i shall be glad to help to arrange a meeting with prof . ikenberry . > > vince > > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on > 02 / 05 / 2001 10 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > > ( embedded image moved to file : pic 26299 . pcx ) > david ikenberry on 02 / 02 / 2001 06 : 10 : 02 pm > > to : " vkamins @ ennron . com " > cc : > subject : > > > it was great talking with you . > > dave > - brochure . doc > > > > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > prof . david ikenberry > jones graduate school of management > rice university > 713 - 348 - 5385 > > > > > - brochure . doc - may 4 - 5 program _ nfcf . doc * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * prof . david ikenberry jones graduate school of management rice university 713 - 348 - 5385 
2	Subject: re : your guest for financial mathematics amy , thanks . steve will contact you directly to give you all the details . vince " amy lamonsoff " on 06 / 22 / 2000 05 : 32 : 49 am to : cc : subject : your guest for financial mathematics hello - i hope you are well today . i understand that you would like to bring steve leppard as your guest for financial mathematics . could you please provide me with his complete contact details and which training course he will be attending . ? ? many thanks - amy ? ps - hope you enjoyed risk 2000 in boston and it was nice to see you again . 
2	Subject: your on - line guide in pills world . best prescription generic meds 4 less . in critical moments even the very powerful have need of the weakest . by courage i repel adversity . ( adversa virtute repello ) men generally believe what they wish . 
2	Subject: multi orgazms for men igf 2 enlarge your penis and turbocharge your sex life ! ! you ' ve heard about these pills on tv , in the news and you have probably asked yourself , do they really work ? the answer is yes ! igf 2 is a powerful creation enchancing product that will create erections so strong and your penis will actually grow as a direct result with no side effects ! 100 % guaranteed or money back ! ! ! order now ! no more  
2	Subject: pjm rto order - - - - - forwarded by maureen mcvicker / na / enron on 07 / 13 / 2001 08 : 32 am - - - - - sarah novosel 07 / 13 / 2001 08 : 17 am to : maureen mcvicker / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : pjm rto order maureen : ginger asked me to forward this summary to you , and that steve asked you to send it to others . please note that the attached summary is just the first in several to come today , and i will send them to you as we finish them . however , the pjm one is probably the most important one , so it ' s a good one to get out early . please call me if you have any questions . sarah - - - - - forwarded by sarah novosel / corp / enron on 07 / 13 / 2001 09 : 15 am - - - - - sarah novosel 07 / 13 / 2001 08 : 57 am to : kevin m presto / enron @ enronxgate , mark dana davis / hou / ect @ ect , jeff ader / hou / ees @ ees , edward d baughman / enron @ enronxgate , joe gordon / enron @ enronxgate , janelle scheuer / enron @ enronxgate , mbrown 9 @ enron . com , mark bernstein / hou / ees @ ees , john llodra / enron @ enronxgate , w david duran / enron @ enronxgate , george wood / enron @ enronxgate , dave perrino / sf / ect @ ect , paul j broderick / enron @ enronxgate , jason thompkins / enron @ enronxgate , mason hamlin / enron @ enronxgate , robert stalford / enron @ enronxgate , tom may / enron @ enronxgate , gautam gupta / enron @ enronxgate , narsimha misra / enron @ enronxgate , steve montovano / na / enron @ enron , garrett tripp / enron @ enronxgate , berney c aucoin / enron @ enronxgate , jason thompkins / enron @ enronxgate , rob wheeler / enron @ enronxgate , rogers herndon / enron @ enronxgate , jim meyn / enron @ enronxgate , aleck dadson / enron @ enronxgate , daniel allegretti / enron @ enronxgate , pearce w hammond / hou / ees @ ees , donna fulton / corp / enron @ enron , howard fromer / na / enron @ enron , kathleen sullivan / na / enron @ enron , tom hoatson / enron @ enronxgate , thane twiggs / enron @ enronxgate , sarah novosel / corp / enron @ enron , christi l nicolay / hou / ect @ ect , james d steffes / na / enron @ enron , linda robertson / na / enron @ enron , richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron , charles decker / hou / ees @ ees , nick politis / enron @ enronxgate , sscott 3 @ enron . com , aleck dadson / enron @ enronxgate , lloyd will / enron @ enronxgate , ray alvarez / na / enron @ enron , susan m landwehr / na / enron @ enron , charles yeung / hou / ect @ ect , andy rodriquez / enron @ enronxgate , john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , louise kitchen / enron @ enronxgate , greg whalley / enron @ enronxgate , susan . j . mara @ enron . com , jeff dasovich / na / enron @ enron , karen denne / enron @ enronxgate , mpalmer @ enron . com , alan comnes / enron @ enronxgate , tom briggs / na / enron @ enron , john shelk / na / enron @ enron , pat shortridge / corp / enron @ enron , chris long / corp / enron @ enron , mike roan / enron @ enronxgate , kerry stroup / na / enron @ enron , janine migden / enron @ enronxgate , dave mangskau / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : pjm rto order attached is a summary of the pjm rto order . while it is somewhat lengthy , the order has a lot of good information in it that i wanted to share with the group , particularly the commission ' s statements regarding the existing configuration of the northeast and the need to expand it . we are working on summaries of the new york and new england rto orders and will have those out shortly . if you would like copies of the orders , just let us know . we expect the mediation proceeding to begin within the next week . we will keep you updated . sarah 
2	Subject: re : datren williams acceptance you are right , vince . . . . celeste and i did discuss it , and she approved his feb . start date . datren does know about that , so it sounds like it is cleared up . thanks so much , and we are sorry for the confusion ! carol vince j kaminski 10 / 12 / 2000 03 : 58 pm to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : carol coats / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : datren williams acceptance stinson , i think it ' s a mistake . it should be february . vince stinson gibner 10 / 10 / 2000 08 : 11 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : datren williams acceptance fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000 08 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - carol coats 09 / 29 / 2000 02 : 36 pm to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : datren williams acceptance celeste , i just received datren williams ' acceptance with the following note attached : " my graduation date ( ph . d . candidate from lsu ) is dec . 2000 . celeste roberts has informed me that i would have the option of starting work feb . 2001 . i am under the impression that i will start in feb . 2001 . my offer letter has a start date of aug . 2001 . if this is a problem , please give me a call . looking forward to working at enron . thanks a million , datren w . " please let me know if he may in fact start in feb . 2001 , and if so , do you have a specific date for him , or may he choose ? thanks , celeste , carol 
2	Subject: new computers hi lyn : hope things are going better for you ! the research group is getting one new employee beginning february 21 , 2000 , that needs a computer . we also have an employee that needs a new computer because the one she has does not have enough memory . we need at least 64 meg memory with a large screen ( 17 " ) . names and locations : yana kristal ebl 947 ( replace computer she now has ) shalesh ganjoo ebl 951 ( new analyst rotating - 2 / 21 / 00 ) co . # : 0011 rc # : 100038 approver : vince kaminski , managing director , research if you need anything else , please let me know . thanks and have a great day ! shirley 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: detail of commercial support analysts sally - i am forwarding you the information i received from the analyst program which details the analysts currently tagged as msap . as you can see from shelly ' s message below , she is working to clean up the data . i hope this helps . since i will be at lsu tomorrow ( monday ) , i thought i would send this to you so you could print it out . lisa x 3 - 6343 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lisa b cousino / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2000 10 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shelly jones 04 / 14 / 2000 02 : 59 pm to : lisa b cousino / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : commercial support analysts lisa , the attached report reflects 80 something analysts that have been identified as commercial support . we are currently undergoing database clean up and have approx 70 analysts that have not been identified ( commercial vs commercial support ) . once those analysts have been identified , which should happen early next week , i will forward yet another report your way . i ' ll keep you posted . shelly 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for rakesh . bharati @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000013287 approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com request create date : 1 / 10 / 01 5 : 57 : 18 pm requested for : rakesh . bharati @ enron . com resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: young sluts had sex for tewnty bucks buenos noches ! ta llueu  
2	Subject: seeking for financial investment information johannesburg 21 gauteg province rep . of south africa email : lmbt 24444000 frank @ yahoo . co . in phone : + 27 - 73 - 216 - 6884 atten : seeking for financial investment information zimbabwe formerly rhodesia under the colonial rule gained independence in 1981 under the nationalist struggle for independence led by mr . robert mugabe and late joshua nkomo . under the white rule and since independence the minority whites that owned most of the farmlands in zimbabwe have dominated agriculture . the aborigines believe that they are still slaves in their own land if they continue to work the lands for their whites masters even after independence . robert mugabe as the black moses who led his people to freedom has vowed to revoke ownership of the white owned farms and redistribute the lands to the landless blacks . this move he said is necessary to redress the imbalance of the colonial era . for the struggle for freedom , to affect this initiative the government has amended its land acquisition laws and policies last few months , which gave about 3000 white zimbabwean farmers a 45 - day quit notice to leave their lands to the government . my family and i are caught up in this web of land politics , which also led to the death of our father . we have seen reforms after reforms by the government of mugabe and we are fed up with it . our economy is in shambles and it is just not profitable and safe enough for us to remain in zimbabwe . we have decided to relocate our farm to swaziland , a neighbouring country , where we have acquired lands . our capital base is in south africa where we are temporarily living pending such time logistics would be ready for full - scale operation in swaziland . bearing in mind that mr . thabo mbeki ( south african president ) and his government are playing russian roulette over the zimbabwean land crisis , every effort has begun in earnest to move our capital base to a stable country where it can be safer . with a capital base of us $ 25 . 5 million , there is a great deal of secrecy involved to avoid the piercing eyes and smelling noses of both the governments of zimbabwe and south africa . we are therefore contacting you so you can use a magnificent business technique to transfer this financial treasure out of south africa . this money is presently deposited confidentially with a security company here in south africa . we mapped out 25 % of the gross sum as due commission for your expected honest assistance in executing the successful transfer of this money out of south africa , for our family investments . please , email us immediately if you are interested , so we can discuss further while we hold this correspondence in the strictest confidence . thanks and god bless you . yours truly , frank lambert      rejoyce yahoo ! india matrimony : find your life partner online go to : http : / / yahoo . shaadi . com / india - matrimony 
2	Subject: get a free 6 . 3 megapixel canon digital rebel slr ! product testers are needed to support us in your zip . please confirm that you live or work in or near this zip . yxtifxko 
2	Subject: hey - both of you guys did a great job on janet ' s deal . the pricing was done correctly . the swing i wasn ' t aware of , but 5000 + - per month is not a big deal . the problem was that offers didn ' t get stood on . 
2	Subject: growing company ignored by wall street stock watch alert this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 18 wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baitic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in the development of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the deveiopment of a full - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment , reguiatory issues , government policies , negotiations , wind technologies , and other aspects reiating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this deveiopment will be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 120 miilion in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park wi | | suppiy upwards of 170 , 00 o mw of eiectricity annually for poiand and the european community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , 0 oo homes with electricity and offset neariy 170 , ooo tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross eiectric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 45 o miilion for a project this size . about the ec baltic renewabie energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the development of renewabie energy sources ( res ) in poiand through the construction of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technologies , and the creation of relevant policies , strategies and pians . to fuifiil the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and international organizations . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop traditional fossil fuel sites , as wel | as ciean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oil gas | ease in the bighorn basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases are | ocated 45 miles apart within the massive coalbed methane play area of the powder river basin . numerous large petroieum and expioration firms operate near to ail of these properties ; they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectively , over 26 , 00 o wells produced 54 . 7 million barrels of oil and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 009 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: our little secret sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big drink counterexample shearer barbiturate hansen sometime birdie crone zigzagging notch reclamation benight perry division bridget euclid eileen armature clasp cognac heterogamous reach mesenteric alert formal sulphur binary dwarves scarlet village alexandre senatorial sideline grandeur guardhouse krebs roe aggressor cowbell brigadier comrade nutate reredos lineage swordtail hockey client bellum adenosine discriminant millikan junco olaf assignation allspice fortieth deferral wreckage chisel consternate antwerp micrography blackstone bimodal bong buoy mekong derrick eve box burst pertinent andre cumberland circe dill continuum quasistationary purveyor chemic goofy nonsensical attenuate tyndall coin pessimal lahore perish astride accentual conceal situate catastrophic compartment bruce bruce sexual metallurgy narrate avalanche joint andersen chronography dreamboat majestic taught saigon cosec pontificate rachel dionysian davis delectable anselmo australis vice freddy circumferential canteen sulfurous calisthenic dribble scaup prophesy asheville numerous concerto dilution masque efface hannibal conestoga hexadecimal childhood bunsen activation tantalus diplomacy century exotica malnourished tuxedo demand downtrodden bedspread babel sneeze introit removemeplease  
2	Subject: is this helpful for you ? chartreuse we carry wholesale repliica bags , watches or whatever that you will be proud to own ! we are the actual site who knows what we are doing , quoting a fair retail price and offering personal contact if preferred . bookmark us at http : / / yy . moonsparklegreat . com / li / addidas , bally , bvlgari , burberry , cartier , chanel , christian dior , dunhill , dupont , escada , fendi , ferragamo , gucci , hermes , iwc , jacob & co . , louis vuitton , mont blanc , movado , nike , omega , oris , prada , puma , rado , roger dubuis , rolex , sector , tag heuer , technomarine , tiffany , timberland , tudor whoolovin ' your smilelovin ' your styledon ' t you get it ? you gotta believei ' m already yourslet your heart do all the talking ( hoo ! ) filicites fbdelta behrent hzol ethree elitcat bridgeoh oh ohbaby like the rose oh darling 
2	Subject: updates to processes based on my discussions with sally , and her discussions with ted and rick carson , i ' ve updated the process flows for doorstep teams . i ' ve defined the roles and responsibilities for each group as well , which were not included in the original draft . please call me if you have any questions . best regards shona 
2	Subject: paliourg learning for life enlarge your member zenextend enlargement pills we offer the best male augmentation on the web success is guaranteed or receive a full refund check us out and improve your quality of life click here for more info no ineesed ? click hee  
2	Subject: re : exotica . xla hi anjam , thanks for the info . i ' m afraid that one thing i don ' t know is precisely how to build s : \ research \ exotica \ excel \ exotica . xla from the code you sent me . could you send me instructions ? also as you are very busy and away from your desk could you set up your lotus notes calendar so mary ward and joe kelsey permission can see your calendar so i can get in touch with you if anything comes up . they can both see my calendar . thanks , sharad enron europe from : anjam ahmad 17 / 10 / 2000 11 : 37 to : sharad agnihotri / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect subject : exotica . xla in answer to your questions . anjam - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anjam ahmad / lon / ect on 17 / 10 / 2000 09 : 20 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron europe from : sharad agnihotri 16 / 10 / 2000 13 : 59 to : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect subject : exotica . xla hi anjam , i have quite a few questions / requests regarding the exotics libarary : 1 ) could you e - mail me instructions for building / compiling s : \ research \ exotica \ excel \ exotica . xla also if there is any more source code that i need please could you e - mail me that . you have all the code ( c & vba ) that makes up the library now - please see previou e - mails 2 ) also could you e - mail me documents on the changes you have made to s : \ research \ exotica \ excel \ exotica . xla changes are documented through aterations to comments on individual source code files as is the current method in houston and as adopted by me in london - version control occurs at the individual file level rather than through soiurce safe 3 ) the exotica . xla used in london and exotica . xll used in houston are quite different . what regression testing has been done ? how do we know if the two versions that we have been using produce the same results . i have not recently compared the xll from houston with our xla - this would be a useful exercise for you 4 ) judging from the documentation there are quite a few more functions available on the houston exotica like asian spreads , quantos , digitals etc . is there any reason why they have not been implemented in london ' s exotica . xla ? maintenance and upgrades to london exotica to ensure compatability with houston and vice versa is an on - going process - inevitably there will be some lag between a new model being implemented in houston and in london , as is the case with asian spreads and digitals . quantos are already available - see vba code . thanks in advance , sharad 
2	Subject: revised stwhoulry pma 08 - 31 - 01 kate : per our discussion , i have taken out the three items you questioned about and added the additional items in my prior email ( bpa etc ) we agreed on . i have attached the revised pma file for your reference . i ' ll continue to work with settlments to find out what happened to the three questionable items and update you and bill on that . other than that , the total pma for whourly taken today will be - $ 54 , 135 , 26 . let me know if you have any questions . - fran 
2	Subject: org charts louise , attached per your request are two org charts for the tech services group - - one for no adds and one including four staff adds . these are similar to what was presented to you before but adjusted to delete the third gas guy as discussed . staffing lists for each case are also provided . i would strongly urge management to consider the staff adss proposed . especially in light of the move of eos to egs , it is even more important that we have sufficien capability to manage our business . one mis - step can cost us more than our entire budget . i would be happy for the opportunity to discuss in more detail . in the meantime , let me know if i can be of any assistance . mike 
2	Subject: investsource research aierts for maximum capita | gains secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticals ! tota | shares issued many of you are already famiiiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade thursday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 004 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: txu fuel co . nom . s for 2 / 21 / 01 - revised revised to show " same day " purchase of 20 , 000 mmbtu at oasis sealy for gas day of 2 / 20 / 01 . ( see attached file : hplno 221 . xls ) - hplno 221 . xls 
2	Subject: natural gas nomination for 06 / 00 enron methanol nominates the following natural gas requirements for the methanol plant for june 2000 : 36 , 000 mmbtu per day egpfc nominates the following natural gas requirements for the mtbe plant at morgan ' s point for june 2000 : 9 , 000 mmbtu per day 
2	Subject: shell meters , effective 9 / 28 / 00 per gas control , shell has requested that we lower meter 1581 by 5 m and increase 1095 by 5 m ; net effect is zero . please let me know if the deal needs to be adjusted to reflect the change . mary 
2	Subject: meter 1459 - 8 / 00 daren - can you get a deal set up for meter 1459 for 8 / 00 ? the last deal number associated with this meter is 331917 for july 00 . counterparty - gsf energy , llc . let me know if you have any questions . al 
2	Subject: macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 plus templates pro - $ 29 . 95 dvd x copy platinum 4 . 0 . 38 - $ 19 . 95 http : / / dynamiting . wxget . com / he is able who thinks he is able . if there is no worker involvement , there is no quality system . funny how the new things are the old things . 
2	Subject: for our clients ( fargo ) dear customer ! we have updated our programs list , now we have more fresh version of programs . our full catalog with 1700 freshest software titles available for instant download or on cds at web - site http : / / chicken . zinkuq . com / 2 / p / with best regards , sales manager patrick adislocate 
2	Subject: respond please to this mail as matter of urgent . dear partner , i wish you success in your business in this time of year . it is my pleasure to contact you for this mutual and profitable venture . i am disposing a the sum of 12 . 5 miilions us dollars which i wish to invest in a paper company or any high yelid enterprise either as a share holder or joint venture ( partnership ) with hope that we can do a long term business relationship with your esteem firm . if you are willing and ready to work with me , do not hesitate to reply me with your question . i will not fail to inform you that i have no trading or industrial idea , and to protect my fund , i have the intension in working with a trustwhorthy and genuine company ( with a good reputation ) prior to avoidsilly errors . hoping for your positive and rapid response . best regard phillip zuma  
2	Subject: unique logos / customer recognition ( 44124543 ) have our designers creates a custom logo for you , with a step - by - step process based on your needs . our extensive experience allows us to create a logo that makes a statement that is unique to you . in a professional manner we learn about your image and how you would like the world to perceive you and your company . your input is invaluable , for us to create a logo that is not only unique but conveys the mission of you and your company . based on your concepts we create a custom logo for you . special care is also taken to verify the uniqueness of your logo , with web - searches , interactive media programs and our resource library of existing logos . our ultimate goal is for you to have a logo that portraits your mission . you review it , before you buy it . for value and a logo that reflects your image , visit try - logos inc . ! http : / / www . try - logos - inc . com / ? 279 ammeter crimp deal actinolite cadenza canopy climax bury diagnosable bradshaw brookside bowdoin axon cryptic consensus cinnabar andorra cupful alberta article decibel arcturus aunt concurring cpu course autonomy determinate basket booklet ambiance convalescent colosseum cater convertible andersen calumniate codeword caliphate coalition d ' etat copyright berman commendatory brandish bungle antarctic crane craig approbation aghast animate coax cavort adverse bilateral http : / / www . try - logos - inc . com / ? 000 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 16 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; start date : 12 / 16 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121606 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: i didn ' t waitt any longer hello , welcome to pharmonlin muggins e habile shop - one of the le participation ading oniine pharmaceutical shops anchored v dissuasive g a tableaux l pharaoh ll l advertisement a r thomas ac tercel l i mohawk sv farrier a u quadrature m andmanyother . - save over 5 epicureanism 0 % - worldwide strikebound shlpplng - total conf johnsonese identiaiity - over 5 miiiion customers in 130 vermouth countries have primrose a nice day ! 
2	Subject: tomorrow - - password : soleil - - tv casting tomorrow will be huge . password : soleil has become the premiere thursday night in new york - with a chill after - work and a blazing late - night . this thursday , producers from columbia tristar are casting people for their new reality tv show . we invite all members of the media and entertainment industries for an exclusive event celebrating new york high - life . password : soleil thursdays @ nativa 5 east 19 th street b / w b ' way & 5 th ave . new york , ny " soleil " required for entry you must say ' soleil ' at the door . $ 5 before 10 pm 6 - 8 pm happy hour free dinner buffet . 1 / 2 price drinks . party ' til 4 am music : hip - hop , reggae , latin soul , r & b rsvp recommended : 212 . 591 . 1253 password @ thesoleilgroup . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to be removed from this list , email : remove @ thesoleilgroup . com with the word " remove " in the subject heading . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: re : prc feedback forms gina , i shall be glad to speak with you . shirley crenshaw will call you to set up a meeting . vince from : gina corteselli / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 16 / 2001 01 : 12 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : prc feedback forms mr . kaminski : i would like to try to get on your schedule for a few moments this week to discuss the draft prc 360 evaluation forms ( provided below for your info ) to ensure that the criteria and skills and behaviors we have used are adequate for your employee population . the generic forms that were presented at the prc committee meeting a week ago may best reflect commercial employees , and to some extent commercial support employees , and may not be entirely appropriate for employees in some of the specialized technical and technical areas . i would appreciate your input on this so that , if possible and time permitting , we can try to tailor the form to suit needs across the organization . one simple solution may be to add a skills / behaviors block requesting evaluation and feedback on the employees specific job and performance , another solution would be to add job specific behaviors and descriptors to the list of those already developed ( second attachment below ) . i would welcome your thoughts and a few moments of your time to chat with you about this . many thanks , gina corteselli global performance management 713 853 - 3377 713 569 - 5589 ( mobile ) 
2	Subject: enron actuals for june 16 thru 18 , 2000 june 16 teco tap 97 . 500 / hpl iferc hpl katy ( dbnd ) 5 . 000 / enron ls hpl katy 25 . 000 / enron junel 7 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron 75 . 000 / hpl iferc june 18 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron 50 . 000 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: mid - year prc process - your suggestions / comments thank you for taking the time to share your comments regarding the mid year 2001 prc process . your comments , concerns , and suggestions have been reviewed and are currently being taken under consideration . we intend to incorporate many of the suggestions into year end prc to make the process user friendly for employees . thank you once again for your feedback . global performance management team 
2	Subject: global accounting promotions please join me and the global accounting leadership team in congratulating the following individuals on their promotions to : to managing director sally beck ( ewn ) fernley dyson ( eel ) to vice president beth apollo ( enw ) janine juggins ( eel tax ) phillip lord ( ebs ) laura scott ( ena ) chris sherman ( ena ) wade stubblefield ( ees ) to senior director buddy aiken ( eel ) jim coffey ( ena ) donette dewar ( intl . tax ) patricia dunn ( nepco ) mark frank ( ena ) william gehle ( eecc ) joseph grajewski ( eecc ) jan johnson ( corp ) scott mills ( enw ) james new ( eel ) mary l . ruffer ( ena ) richard sage ( eel ) elaine schield ( corp ) kevin sweeney ( enw ) beth wapner ( ebs tax ) director thresa allen ( enw ) ron baker ( corp ) misty barrett ( ees ) jeff blumenthal ( ews ) trey cash ( corp tax ) karen choyce ( corp ) cheryl dawes ( ena ) lanette earnest ( ews tax ) jeffrey gossett ( enw ) robert guthrie ( ets tax ) susan helton ( ena ) ralph jaeger ( eel ) andrea kerch ( eel ) faith killen ( ena ) johnna kokenge ( corp ) matt landy ( eel ) andy lawrence ( isc ) connie lee ( ebs ) caroline lothian ( eel ) meg malone ( corp tax ) gary peng ( corp ) stephen schwarzbach ( corp ) sally seelig ( ees tax ) don shackley ( ees / london tax ) patricia shannon ( corp ) eddie sikes ( intl . tax ) jeffrey smith ( egm ) ron smith ( gss ) kim theriot ( enw ) hope vargas ( ena ) tina ward ( eel ) stephen whitaker ( eel ) stacey white ( enw ) rob wilcott ( corp ) to manager christopher abel ( enw ) stacey aune ( ena ) david baumbach ( enw ) maya beyhum ( enw london ) patricia bloom ( ena ) matthew brown ( enw ) vince cacaro ( isc ) clara carrington ( enw ) carol carter ( ena ) carolyn centilli ( isc ) erin copeland ( eecc ) richard cross ( enw ) rachel davis ( corp ) michael desbiens ( isc ) david dupre ( isc ) eileen flanagan ( eel ) regina figueroa ( isc ) rebecca ford ( enw ) darron giron ( enw ) julie goodfriend ( international tax ) karen gruesen ( ena ) kevin hall ( eel ) kristen hanson ( enw ) david horne ( isc ) larry hunter ( enw ) todd hunter ( ees ) jim ischy ( gss ) chris jones ( isc ) william kasmervisz ( enw ) kam kaiser ( enw ) kedar kulkarni ( isc ) monica lande ( enw portland ) suzanne lane ( eel ) vince mack ( isc ) david maxwell ( enw ) emitra nelson ( isc caroline nugent ( ews tax ) mark pope ( isc ) yiannis poulopoulos ( london tax ) melissa ratnala ( enw ) jason sharp ( corp tax ) stephanie smith ( corp ) patricia spence ( enw ) amy spode ( enw ) patricia sullivan ( enw ) lisa sutton ( ets ) john swinney ( enw ) deana taylor ( corp ) dimitri taylor ( enw ) wayne tencer ( ees ) bernella tholen ( ena ) theresa vos ( ena ) blake walker ( eecc ) bob ward ( international tax ) david williams ( eel ) to senior specialist amelia alland ( enw ) james armstrong ( ena ) carmen ayala ( gss cynthia balfour - flanagan ( enw ) gilda bartz ( corp ) stacey brewer ( enw ) marian briscoe ( corp tax ) aneela charania ( enw ) patricia clark ( corp ) chris crixell ( ees tax ) diane ellstrom ( enw ) heidi griffith ( ees ) marla hernandez ( isc ) marlene hilliard ( enw ) dave hollick ( london tax ) rachel jones ( eel ) dawn kenne ( enw ) harry kent ( ews tax ) blanca lopez ( ena ) brian hunter lindsay ( eel ) rachel lyon ( eel ) stacy hardy ( ena ) sally mcadams ( isc ) kelly mccain ( corp tax ) errol mclaughlin , jr . ( enw ) sylvia martinez ( isc ) kevin meredith ( enw ) meredith mitchell ( enw ) winnie ngai ( corp tax ) thien - huong ngo ( enw ) brian palmer ( enw ) bich ann t pham ( ena ) shelly pierson ( corp ) lillie pittman ( isc ) david rae ( enw ) dixie riddle ( ets tax ) salvador dominguez ( corp ) mark schrab ( enw ) stephanie sever ( enw ) danielle shafer ( isc ) shifali sharma ( enw ) keith simper ( ena ) christopher spears ( enw ) caron stark ( isc ) tara sweitzer ( enw ) david vandor ( ena ) mary womack ( isc ) david yang ( international tax ) sabrae zajac ( enw ) to specialist kim chick ( ees tax ) justin east ( eel ) joey esperance ( international tax ) randi howard ( isc ) melanie hutchinson ( ews tax ) mary joseph ( corp tax ) sherri kathol ( international tax ) lex lacaze ( international tax ) michelle leblanc ( corp tax ) ling li ( ews tax ) kori loibl ( enw ) alan marsh ( corp tax ) bruce mills ( enw ) erika moore ( eel ) matthew motsinger ( enw ) sherry meyers ( isc ) andrea price ( corp tax ) bernice rodriguez ( enw ) tina salinas ( ees tax ) brent vasconcellos ( corp tax ) brandi wachtendorf ( enw ) patryk wlodarski ( enw london ) to entry specialist stuart sheldrick ( eel ) to accountant i becky klussman ( corp ) to accountant ii silvia shelby ( accounts payable ) to staff mary behn ( ees ) guy freshwater ( enw london ) geralynn gosnell ( enw ) richard miley ( enw ) brent storey ( enw london ) stuart thom ( enw london ) judith walters ( enw ) jonathan white ( enw london ) joan winfrey ( enw ) to senior tax analyst emily allwardt ( international tax ) leon branom ( ebs tax ) shanna husser ( ees tax ) shilpa mane ( corporate / london tax ) todd richards ( corp tax ) michelle thompson ( corp tax ) to sr . administrative assistant norma chavez ( international tax ) sarah knott ( enw london ) to sr . travel administrator cheryl slone ( gss ) to administrative coordinator heather choate ( enw ) kayla heitmeyer ( gss ) to senior clerk angela barnett ( enw ) matthew davies ( enw london ) daniela de lisi ( enw london ) rufino dorteo ( ena ) mark pilkington ( enw london ) narjinder sandhu ( eel ) howard sweasey ( eel ) laura vargas ( enw ) jo ann woods ( corp tax ) to intermediate clerk maria maldonado ( accounts payable ) araceli mondragon ( accounts payable ) irma rodriguez ( accounts payable ) bernita sowell ( accounts payable ) 
2	Subject: let ' s deal pre style  font - face : arialhello friend , hope you are doing great and sound ? i am dr . ronald matheson barrister at law and attorney to late sir mark stephanopoulos , a greek merchant otherwise known as my client who was based in the united kingdom and died of complications from injuries sustained after a ghastly motor accident . as the attorney to sir mark stephanopoulos i was his confidant as he shared with me virtually everything about himself , his business and family . i was his attorney for 15 years and during that period i wrote his will and was also named as the executor , which has since been fulfilled . i am also aware due to my closeness to him that the amount ten million pounds he deposited with a bank in europe was not willed out . he told me about this on his sick bed and even instructed that i should prepare a codicil to that effect , however before i could finish my work he had died . after his death , funeral and subsequent execution of his will i went into action to ascertain the information passed unto me by my client . my investigation conformed to the information ; at that point i knew i had to do something to move the funds out of the bank and knowing that i cannot do this alone i have decided to contact you and seek your assistance and acceptance to be the next of kin to the estate . aside my humble self and you , the relationship manager ( account officer ) of my client knows about this , for he was very helpful during my discreet investigation , through him i was able to see the deposit paper work of the money which confirmed that there is no next of kin to the funds . it is necessary for us to move the money out of the bank on time because if we do not do this within the next two years the bank would regard the money as sundry funds , which would give them the right to claim the money . i cannot move the money in my name because he is my client , for it could arose suspicion , his account officer cannot do the same , hence the importance of your assistance . have my assurance that there is nothing to fear about , as we also need your assurance that you would work with me without fear or favour to achieve our desired objective . the legal back up is no problem for i would be responsible . since the codicil was not ready before his death , letter of administration without will would be secured from the probate office , with this letter i would personally apply on your behalf to the bank for the release of the funds to you . what i require from you to enable us achieve the above are your ; names address date of birth telephone and fax numbers upon receipt of a confirmation of acceptance from you a sharing ratio would be worked out between the three of us and communicated to you along with my telephone number . in the light of above , your positive responses would be appreciated through my email ( mathesono 44 @ netscape . com ) take care and have a nice day . sincerely , ronald matheson mathwood associates . / pre hrfont color  blue size  - 1 emthis message was sent using gonowmail / em strongemuwhy go later . . . / u / em when you canemu gonow ! / u / em / strong get free email today with ustronga href  http : / / djmart . unfranchise . comfont color  blue size  - 1 gonowmail . com / font / a / strong / u / font  
2	Subject: fw : california capacity report for week of 4 / 16 - 4 / 20 : transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 949 mmbtu / d ( 87 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 853 mmbtu / d and rio puerco at 30 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 483 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 2310 mmbtu / d ( 79 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 745 mmbtu / d ( 65 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1249 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 1069 mmbtu / d ( 86 % ) - socaltop , capacity 541 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 496 mmbtu / d ( 92 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 12 . 595 pg & e , large pkgs 11 . 045 tw san juan n / a tw permian n / a friday ' s enron online bases : may may - oct nov - mar perm - ca 7 . 91 7 . 63 6 . 60 sj - ca 8 . 57 8 . 27 6 . 94 sj - waha . 64 . 57 . 24 perm - waha . 02 . 07 . 10 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121816 . txt 
2	Subject: level 2 top market performers us oi | and gas report oil ciimbs , gains soar we have the leading track record for finding fast moving , low - priced energy piays . look at the moves made by our last 2 hot picks : sprl . 14 to . 36 in 12 days , up 157 % prvb . 1 o to . 265 in 8 days , up 165 % like a viper coiled to strike , this hot oil piay is on the fast - track to millions in gains from expanding production in the heart of the " oi | belt " . emerson oil and gas , inc . otc - eogi immediate acquire - huge news on increased production current price . 15 target price . 4 o in lo days oi | prices continue to expiode and ignite the shares of major producers which is foilowed by soaring undervaiued otc oi | plays . widespread gains in energy stocks are inflating the portfoiios of aggressive otc investors . due to recently acquired high - potential oil and gas projects , eogi is an undervaiued gem experiencing a sharp in crease in production revenue and becoming a " cash - flow positive " leader in major oi | - producing states . eogi ' s high - yielding , muitiple dri | | ing programs have been soiidified through vaiuable strategic a | | iances . these expioration partnerships enabie the company to accumulate substantia | working interests being developed into a continuousiy expanding revenue stream . eogi is focused on joint - ventures involving well re - entry programs in extremely prolific production areas using the highest level of technoiogy currently avaiiable . recent deveiopments for eogi have been perfectly timed as ail 6 dow jones oi | and gas indexes just hit their highest levels of the year , with energy stocks outperforming al | other market sectors . the company ' s oi | and gas interests in louisiana and texas , in addition to their developing natural gas welis in alberta , canada , are continuing to in crease in value with energy prices up 60 % from one year ago . leading economists and oi | anaiysts agree on predictions that a further 30 - 60 % in crease is | ikely next year . we are expecting eogi to reiease major news announcements regarding production figures on multipie projects in high - gear . eogi ' s expansion pians are on track to acquire additiona | prospects and properties that can oniy add to their growing bottom - line and spark further interest in this undervalued oil play . with a very sma | | float estimated at less than 5 mi | | ion shares , eogi should gap sharpiy to the upside on heavy voiume as the vaiue of their current oil deais are revealed . us oi | and gas report cautions that sma | | and micro - cap stocks are high - risk investments and that some or a | | of the investment can be lost . we suggest you consuit a professional investment advisor before making any investment decisions . us oil and gas report recommends you use the information found here as an initial starting point for conducting research and due diligence on the featured company in order to determine an opinion of the company before investing . we are not an investment advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies . this is not an offering of securities for sale or soiicitation of any attempt to acquire or sel | securities . us oi | and gas report has been given nineteen thousand doliars from a third party for the dissemination of this company profile . since we have been given compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on future - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materialiy from those set forth in those statements . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 033 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: papers vince , did you receive this paper ? jason - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jason sokolov / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001 03 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " stuart russell hamel " on 04 / 30 / 2001 04 : 52 : 12 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : dr . kaminski : please see our attached paper . thank you , jed howard , brian nelson , and stuart hamel ( 713 ) 218 - 8903 - winmail . dat 
2	Subject: all natural weight loss w / ad - ipren 720 stoke i have a special _ offer for you . . . want to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adi pren 720 100 % money back guarantee ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - burns calorized fat . get the facts about all - natural adip - ren 720 if you wish not to be contacted again please enter your email address here . market re - search 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 conforms to legal requirements of 2003 us can - spam act . dakar thrash gertrude tussle mode privet  
2	Subject: new product , 2006 hospitals , market your services to key hospital directors . new . first time offered in the industry . never before available . introductory offer . the 2006 american hospital email directory . 174 , 000 email addresses for hospital executives . ( $ 247 . 00 ) . in response to numerous requests for email addresses for hospital executives , the new 2006 american hospital email directory has now been completed . it is the only product in the industry that offers email addresses for key decision - makers in the hospital sector . the 2006 american hospital email directory offers email contact information for key decision - makers in hospitals . it covers directors of purchasing , it , nursing , medical , facilities , hospice , housekeeping , . long - term care , physical therapy , obstetrics , pharmacy , radiology , rehabilitation , biomedical , compliance , legal , supplies , pediatrics , surgery , oncolgy , laboratory , etc . over 50 director titles are offered for over 6 , 400 hospitals . in total , over 174 , 000 email addresses are listed in this unprecedented database . in addition , ceos , cfo , cios , . pres . , and exec . vps are included . the 2006 american hospital email directory is available in excel format and is based on unlimited use . to order the 2006 american hospital email directory at the introductory price of $ 247 ( code 2244 ) , simply fill out the order form below and fax it to 905 - 751 - 0199 ( tel : 905 - 751 - 0919 ) . name : title : organization : address : city / state : zip : tel : fax : email :  
2	Subject: greetings from calif ! ! want to make a million bucks this year ? me too but it ' s probably not going happen ! however if your looking for the opportunity to make a couple thousand a week , working form home , with your pc , we need to talk . if you ' re over 18 and a us resident , just click reply send me your name , state , complete telephone number , and the best time to contact you . i will personally speak with you within 48 hours . to be removed from this mailing list , please type remove in the subject column . http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: your 60 second auto loan will be accepted please click the below if you do not want to hear about any more of our great offers : http : / / eunsub . com / ? p  dl & s  emp & e  to unsubscribe from this mailing list : click here or send a blank message to : r . esalesl . 0 - 2 e 81 d 9 b - 6853 . iit . demokritos . gr . - paliourg @ 35 . moosq . com this offer sent to you from : optinrealbig . com llc 1333 w 120 th ave suite 101 westminster , co 80234  
2	Subject: want to make more money ? order confirmation . your order should be shipped by january , via fedex . your federal express tracking number is % random _ word . thank you for registering . your userid is : % random _ word learn to make a fortune with ebay ! complete turnkey system software - videos - turorials clck here if you would not like to receive future mailings .  
2	Subject: the perfect gift , buy him a piaget watch indulge yourself , buy a tag heuer watch all watches arrive in a luxury gift box - the perfect gift ! we have in stock watches like : breguet bmw dior please 0 . r . d . e . r here : http : / / 037 . edvanlcedwanow 4 right . com q . . u . . i . . t : http : / / 037 . edva 3 ncedwanow 45 right . com / rm  
2	Subject: eliminate high interest rates to prevent future mailings enter your email address in the box and click the unsubscribe button .  
2	Subject: april seminars ! ( houston ) successful people take the time they need to increase their value to the organization . for information on pgs energy training ' s upcoming seminars in downtown houston ( in april ) call 412 - 279 - 9298 or visit http : / / www . pgsenergy . com / schedule . html available seminars include : 1 ) fundamentals of energy futures , options & derivatives 2 ) fundamentals of the electric power industry 3 ) gas - to - electricity arbitrage & how to maximize the profitability of electric generation assets 4 ) developing effective risk management policies & procedures ( john wengler ) 5 ) fundamentals of statistical analysis ( dr . ken skinner ) 6 ) how to value electric generation assets as real options 7 ) fundamentals of value - at - risk ( soli forouzan ) save money by bringing a group of 4 or more . with a group rate , your cost for a $ 1 , 295 seminar is reduced to $ 895 per attendee - - a savings of $ 1 , 600 from regular prices . the group price for the $ 695 programs is $ 495 . please forward this to anyone who might benefit from a better understanding of energy derivatives , risk management , gas - to - electricity arbitrage , statistics or electric power trading . john adamiak pgs energy training www . pgsenergy . com 
2	Subject: hpl noms for april 28 - 30 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 428 . xls ) - hplno 428 . xls 
2	Subject: real option conference vince , i was brought to my attention that an interesting real option conference is taking place in march 27 - 28 . i would like to attend this conference if possible . thanks . alex 
2	Subject: your winning nomination ! ! ! attention lucky winner , i am mr . douglas randall the fiduciary agent assigned to your case . i wish to congratulate you on your victory , you are a lucky person to have won this lottery . your email address was amongst those chosen this quarter from our new java - based software that randomly selects email addresses from the web from which winners are selected . you are required to forward the following details to help facilitate the processing of your claims and certificate which will facilitate the release of your winnings . your winning price is to the tune of two million euros . 1 . full names . 2 . phone number . 3 . fax number . 4 . occupation . 5 . sex . 6 . age . 7 . nationality . you are advised to forward this information as soon as possible to enable us attend to your winnings . our firm has been contracted to handle payments on your behalf , once we confirm your information , your payments would be processed . everything was done in such a way that our payments mode would meet the standards set by the lottery boards . after you have sent down these information , a certificate will be prepared for you . this is to be your proof of winning from this office to the payment center before they release your funds . be advised that your winnings would be paid to you in four ( 4 ) installments of 500 , 000 . 00 euros { five hundred thousand euros } . this is done because of the amount won by you . this money would be paid to you on instalmental basis via the correspondent bank of the lottery promoters . you are advised to keep your winning price secret to avoid unscrupulous elements from taking advantage of the situation . once again , congratulations . sincerely , mr . douglas randall douglas randall & associates 50 broadway westminster london swlh obl united kingdom practice areas : - banking / finance intellectual property charities litigation / dispute resolution competition private client corporate / public employment real estate / property environment shipping family tax mail sent from webmail service at desireactor . com - http : / / www . desireactor . com 
2	Subject: horny babes hey dude join the no . one adult action site . orgasm ! remove yourself here when of blithe spirit dies , hole puncher of dissident procrastinates . a few starlets , and cloud formation beyond omphalos ) to arrive at a state of mastadon  
2	Subject: contract obligations charlie , here is a breakout for the volumes that have been paid on . we are off by approximately 20000 according to what was billed vs what was paid . could you peruse the worksheet for discrepancies . we are off by 20 , 000 in march ( 28 th ) . our logs show that 20000 flowed on that day at ls ( meter 67 ) . i ' ve attached the email showing the revision for that day below . based on paid amounts , the remaining obligations are as follows : iferc 2 , 680 , 000 iferc + gas daily 6 , 895 , 252 please advise . regards , ami revision # 1 ls hpl katy 20 . 000 / hpl gas daily - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa jones / texas utilities on 03 / 29 / 2000 02 : 35 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - melissa jones 03 / 29 / 2000 11 : 09 am to : charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , gary green / texas utilities @ tu , tim powell / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , daren . j . farmer @ enron . com , gary . a . hanks @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , earl . tisdale @ enron . com , ami . chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : enron / hpl actuals for march 28 , 2000 teco tap 50 . 750 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: performance feedback each of you have been chosen by one or more of my direct reports to provide mid - year feedback . i just wanted to urge you to provide this to me asap , as my prc meeting wil be 6 / 13 , even though the feedback system is open through 6 / 16 . therefore , i need your feedback by friday , 6 / 9 so that i can use the week - end to get ready . although i would prefer the feedback through the system , if you are finding yourself in a bind for time , please provide me your feedback verbally either through voicemail ( mark it private ) or i would be happy to meet with you . i know we all receive many of these requests , but i sincerely appreciate constructive feedback . thanks in advance for your input ! 
2	Subject: legislative update sbxx 78 passed the assembly yesterday with the minimum number of democratic votes the bill still has the 8 / 25 / 01 date the bill now goes to the senate for concurrence or possibly conference committee more to come 
2	Subject: she looks good click here to be removed  
2	Subject: enjoy media ( ejym ) enters chinese tv advertising market enjoy media ( ejym ) , a chinese media company , on fast growth track by signing up chinese advertising clients enjoy media anticipates strong growth in 2005 jun 7 , 2005 6 : 00 : 00 am copyright business wire 2005 hong kong - - ( business wire ) - - june 7 , 2005 - - enjoy media holdings limited ( pink sheets : ejym ) ( www . enjoymedia . com ) , a print media and advertising services company in china , discusses about the company ' s objectives and planned prospects for the coming months . the key initiatives for the company are : expand the existing network of restaurants and cafes increase the advertising sales revenue of the current printed media acquire additional wait media businesses enjoy media is a pioneer in the field of printed advertising media placed in restaurants in china . it supplies paper products , such as paper placemats , napkins and other displays , displaying advertisements , free of charge , to restaurants and cafes . enjoy media ' s growing list of restaurants and cafes is now over 1 , 200 in the cities of guangzhou , shanghai , beijing and shenzhen . the printed media , termed wait media , showcases advertisements to customers while waiting for their food order and during their dining time . the restaurants and cafes in the enjoy media network , such as trendy cafes , western food restaurants and fast - food franchises , typically operate in multiple locations in high traffic areas , and attract young urban and white - collar customers . enjoy media keeps advertisers informed of customer profiles , and helps them to design and produce suitable advertisements . mr . bill lu , president of the company , said , the chinese advertising industry is the world ' s 4 th largest market with over us $ 10 billion expenditure in 2005 and double - digit growths in the last decade estimated by merrill lynch . coupled with china ' s booming restaurant sales , which bloomberg reports to be estimated at us $ 106 billion with 18 % growth in 2005 , it is reasonable to expect enjoy media will benefit directly from china ' s phenomenal growth in advertising and dining spending . we are eager to extend our success to other cities in china leveraging our current first mover advantages . we also plan to expand our sales team to increase our advertiser base . these steps will likely bring a significant boost to enjoy media ' s revenue in 2005 and time ahead . we are at the same time looking for other ' wait media ' opportunities to complement our business . about enjoy media holdings limited enjoy media holdings limited ( enjoy media ) is an innovative media and advertising company based in guangzhou , china . it targets the young urban and white - collar segment of the advertising market . enjoy media supplies paper placemat , napkins and other displays that display advertisements , free of charges , to a network of over 1 , 200 cafes and restaurants in the cities of guangzhou , shanghai , beijing and shenzhen in china . its advertising clients include : china telecom , china mobile , china unicom , wrigley , siemens , samsung , dell , and numerous other consumer brands as well as real estate developers . enjoy media expects to grow its network of restaurants and cafes to more than 4 , 000 in the next 3 years . for more information about enjoy media , please visit http : / / www . enjoymedia . com . source : enjoy media holdings limited enjoy media signed long term advertising client jun 15 , 2005 7 : 00 : 00 am copyright business wire 2005 hong kong - - ( business wire ) - - june 15 , 2005 - - enjoy media holdings limited ( pink sheets : ejym ) , a print media and advertising services company in china , announced today that it has signed a ten - year advertising contract with showgood creation limited ( www . showgood . com ) . the total contract value is us $ 964 , 000 payable on monthly basis for us $ 96 , 400 per year . enjoy media also plans to purchase 5 % of showgood subject to further due diligence . showgood is a creative media and entertainment production house , based in guangzhou , china . showgood ' s productions include animation for movies , advertisements , music and online multimedia . the animated movies and advertisements are shown on national television stations across china . it also publishes animated story books based on popular chinese folklore . showgood currently has translated story books in local languages and signed dvd distribution for the u . s . and thailand markets . its clients include coca - cola , motorola and yahoo ! china . market conditions are becoming favorable for showgood as chinese audiences are increasingly interested in seeing locally made animations . chinese authorities recently sent an open letter urging local television stations to increase broadcast time , including primetime , for locally - produced animation in support of domestic animation producers . showgood recorded revenue of us $ 250 , 000 in 2004 and expected to increase its 2005 revenue to us $ 1 , 700 , 000 . enjoy media signs up china travel service jun 21 , 2005 6 : 00 : 00 am copyright business wire 2005 hong kong - - ( business wire ) - - june 21 , 2005 - - enjoy media holdings limited ( pink sheets : ejym ) , a print media and advertising services company in china , announced today that it has signed an advertising contract with china travel service ( guangdong ) limited ( www . gdcts . com ) ( cts ) . mr . bill lu , president of enjoy media , said , cts , a major travel service provider in china , has appointed us to produce advertisements for their tour package promotions , starting this month . the chinese travel industry , a us $ 36 billion market in 2004 , is set to grow significantly as the chinese government relaxed the international travel policy for its citizens at the start of 2005 to include more countries in southeast asia and europe . cts is planning more promotions to coincide with the new demands from chinese travelers . enjoy media can provide a highly - targeted audience for cts with our growing network . cts is the leading travel service operator in southern china with 100 retail outlets and over 400 affiliated agencies . since its inception in 1990 , cts has grown tremendously providing reservations for hotel , airline , transportation and events , and has become one of the best - known travel brands in china . for four consecutive years , cts is one of the top six china ' s best international travel agencies and ranked first in guangdong province . in 2004 , cts served over one million customers , recorded revenue of us $ 96 million . for more information about enjoy media visit www . enjoymedia . com forward - looking statements : certain statements contained in this press release are forward - looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . the statements contained herein that are not purely historical are forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . forward - looking statements deal with the company ' s current plans , intentions , beliefs and expectations and statements of future economic performance . statements containing terms like believes , does not believe , plans , expects , intends , estimates , anticipates and other phrases of similar meaning are considered to imply uncertainty and are forward - looking statements . contact : enjoy media holdings limited mr . zhongwen chen , ( 86 ) 20 - 87521812 ir @ enjoymedia . com safe harbor statement this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . elite equity marketing is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . elite equity marketing assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in ejym ' s financial or operating condition . as elite equity marketing has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . elite equity marketing accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . ejym will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . a third party company has been paid in the amount of ten thousand dollars for the transmission of this message . elite equity marketing and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words " may , " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein . elite equity marketing 321 york rd . 2 nd floor towson , md 21204 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: discover how to earn $ 3000 - $ 5000 a week ! change my email preferences  
2	Subject: eprm 2001 houston please respond to dear speaker , i would like to remind you that the room block at the houstonian hotel where the above mentioned event is being held is about to expire . after friday 20 th april you will not be able to take advantage of the discounted rooms that are being held there . please book your accommodation asap to take advantage of this offer . contact the hotel directly and say that you are part of the risk conference on 14 & 15 may 2001 . 001 713 680 2626 . risk waters group do not book accommodation for speakers , you have to contact them yourself , directly . if you have not already sent me a short biography and your speaker checklist , please do so at your earliest convenience . kind regards layla o ' leary event co - ordinator risk waters group haymarket house 28 - 29 haymarket london swly 4 rx tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9871 fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9800 
2	Subject: urgent the associate and analyst recruiting department will be conducting a number of two hour workshops to review our recruiting and interview process for the fall on - campus recruiting effort . critical information regarding our on - campus interview process , revised evaluation forms and program structure will be reviewed during these two hours sessions . it is mandatory that all team members attend these workshops . all team members must attend in order to articulate and demonstrate the enron recruiting process . knowing how busy schedules are , we have made arrangements to present these workshops in two hours sessions for a total of 40 workshops that will run during the last week of august , through the month of september and end at mid october . listed below are the dates , location and times for each session . please select a date and time and e - mail this information to my assistant , dolores muzzy . we can accommodate 25 participants at a time . dolores will take dates and times on a first come , first serve basis . we have scheduled enough sessions to accommodate every member of both the associate and analyst recruiting teams . in order to participate in the recruiting process , you must attend one of these sessions . we will be tracking participation . cpe credits will also be given for attending this workshop . 
2	Subject: : ) this will intrigue you geelkoperemmer ` cpzamatbignode kirsteinstrowger - based m ' ^ e . ds from a ^ , me ^ ' rica asa wings ; rusty oreilly ; stan meury sent : sunday , may , 2004 7 : 44 am subject : this will intrigue you however rates of adverse event increased with the aminoglycoside nephrotoxicity was much more common with combination therapy while vestibular damage and ototoxicity other important morbidities associated with aminoglycosides were not routinely examined messenger bikes round a fat envelope full of dollar per diem . a very good reason to get out of bed and test the californian climate and cuisine . the hotel is one of the few really old buildings here and recognizable from those black - and - white stills of hollywood haunts of the thirties . it feels as if you might just pass fred macmurray and barbara stanwyck in the corridor . instead , sunglassed rock ' n ' roll bandits and staff dressed in hawaiian shirts smiling a ' hi ! ' is what you get . it is two years since my first foray into lalaland and i have forgotten how disarming it is to be in a hotel and hear , ' hi , mr grant , enjoy your stay , ' from total stangers . desmocharl 1 desengrasaro 6 argamaso ` n , alfil compactibilidad . 
2	Subject: you ' ve won ! confirmation number 567842 you are receiving this email as a subscriber to the dealsuwant mailing list . to remove yourself from this and related email lists click here : unsubscribe my email under bill ( s ) 1618 title iii by the 105 us congress , per section 301 , paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) of s . 1618 , a letter cannot be consideyellow spam if the sender includes contact information and a method of removal .  
2	Subject: couple of things kevin presto wants to know if it ' s okay to take the office next to john ' s - 06102 ? i received a call from a candice karpakis with williams company and she wanted a list of our trading group . she has done business with enron for 15 years and has worked closely with steve south on transportation on the northwestern pipelines . she would like the list so she knows who she should contact to do business . i told her i would need to get approval before i could send anything . what are your thoughts on this ? i did an expense report for you but it ' s only $ 314 so i thought i would wait and see if you had any additional expense i could add . i packed your files and sent them to don miller . i put a list of the files that were sent on your wall behind your monitor . i will have my cell phone with me so please do not hesitate to call me . tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: ubs approvals louise , as you know , for our netcoonline relaunch , we will need the following from ubs asap : 1 ) pa and eta approval 2 ) agreement on new company name ( " netco " replacement ) and new online system name ( " netcoonline " replacement ) 3 ) approval of press release i assume all of these are underway . please let me know if there is anyone at ubs whom you would like me to chase . thanks , dave 
2	Subject: john martin , energy finance article vince , f . y . i . i have not talked to john martin about it yet . i don ' t know if you have any interest . stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 07 / 24 / 2000 10 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - john martin on 07 / 21 / 2000 07 : 36 : 31 pm to : stinson gibner cc : subject : re : your call my number is 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) and 254 - 757 - 0852 ( home ) . the editor of the journal of applied corporate finance is doing a special issue on energy finance for the fall and i want to see if you and vince would like to put something together describing enron ' s basic business model . i would love to join you if you would like and i can actually draft the paper with your help . i ' ll get in touch with you on monday . have a great weekend . john p . s . mitch taylor was in class today and did his usual great job . i sure enjoy using enron as my " premier company example " . at 04 : 48 pm 7 / 20 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote : > > > john , > > i misplaced your phone number . please let me have it , and i promise to give > you a call . i ' d love to hear what you have in mind . > > > best regards , > > stinson > 
2	Subject: generic prescription drugs now ! ! always wanted to try the drugs the world has been talking about ? well now is your chance to try them now for cheap ! ! ! get generic drugs at our online pharmacy : http : / / 34234 jedfh . com / index . php ? bonsay 
2	Subject: 3 rd party expense contracts mick 3 - 4783 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at ns . hostinworld 7 . com . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : 216 . 82 . 244 . 147 failed after i sent the message . remote host said : 553 - message filtered . please see the faqs section on spam 553 - at http : / / www . messagelabs . com / support / for more 553 information . - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 25303 invoked by uid 110 ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 37 : 08 - 0000 delivered - to : 248 - info @ rockandrollsummer . com received : ( qmail 25287 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 37 : 05 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 219 . 136 . 127 . 17 ) by hostinworld 7 . com with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 37 : 05 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815883 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ rockandrollsummer . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: re [ 9 ] : question with our meds king gabryael jurisevic binkovsky white stancic ruff franco wing maurer miguel frischholz 1 . 33 $ for per dose unsubscribe me 
2	Subject: tenaska iv adjustments 2001 here are some changes i need for the tenaska deal . let me know if you have any questions . deal prod month 384258 may 2001 change demand fee from $ 2 , 026 , 347 . 17 to $ 1 , 926 , 685 . 34 514353 may 2001 change volume from 45 , 000 to 44 , 138 . nominated supply 1 , 368 , 295 ( 44 , 138 / day ) actual deliveries 877 , 696 384258 june 2001 change demand fee from $ 3 , 938 , 205 . 00 to $ 3 , 578 , 257 . 50 514353 june 2001 change volume from 45 , 000 to 53 , 733 thanks , megan 
2	Subject: why go to the doctor when you can get it online ? want to be enchanced ? plexus is the most powerful male enhancement pill available ! - increase size up to 30 % - increase ejaculation amount - intensified and longer orgasms - increase your stamina - end pre - mature ejaculations - end erectile dysfunction 100 % money back guarantee ! get the facts about all - natural plexus : 
2	Subject: tom moore , jr . following up conversations i have had with several of you , i would appreciate your consideration of the following candidiate for a logistics position . tom moore , jr . is currently a securities manager for fidelity investments in the dallas area , but interested in seeking a position in a energy related business in houston . he has an undergraduate degree ( bba ) from baylor and an mba from university of dallas . it is my understanding that you may be interviewing at this time or in the near future and i would appreciate your consideration of him for a position . i will be happy to introduce you to him and provide additional information about tom if you have an interest . you may reach me at ext . 3 - 1791 . thanks much . 
2	Subject: review the ubs warburg energy image let me know if you see any problems with it .  
2	Subject: important information love - potion for your darling is all you want ! we present the most famous products for men ! meet your wishes ! we assure  you  ll receive it at one stroke ! answer your demands using this lovely thing ! pay now . forget about problems . be deleted : best , regards , glen 
2	Subject: iso memberships i forgot to add the various memberships for physical power trading . we should also add doe import / export licenses for canada and mexico . wscc membership wspp membership cal iso membership alberta power pool ne iso membership ny iso membership pjm iso membership ontario iso membership ercot iso membership ercot qse status midwest rto membership mapp membership ecar membership main membership spp membership serc membership frcc membership main membership mark taylor vice president and general counsel enron wholesale services 1400 smith street - eb 3892 houston , texas 77008 ( 713 ) 853 - 7459 ( 713 ) 646 - 3490 ( fax ) 
2	Subject: positions available : microsoft research - university of trento centre * * * * * * * * * * apologize for multiple posting * * * * * * * * * * * * * * the new interdisciplinary centre of excellence microsoft research - university of trento centre for computational and systems biology has been established in the trento region ( italy ) . the main objectives and activities of the centre are : overall objectives 1 . to advance the state of knowledge of biological information processing , the aetiology of disease , and potentially new therapies through the creation of a new research centre that will bring together scientists from multiple disciplines to focus on conducting leading research into advanced computational modeling of biological systems . 2 . to conduct novel research into defining new computational and communication paradigms that are ' biomimetic ' in nature , i . e . , based on new principles learned from the research into biological information processing . 3 . to exploit the research . this is expected to take the form of the development of new computational tools for enabling the predictive modeling of biological systems and processes for basic and applied research . these tools will help improving health - care , environment monitoring and protection , quality of food as well as developing better therapies and treatments by the pharmaceutical industries . 4 . to disseminate and communicate the results of this research for the benefit of the scientific community globally , including publications , open conferences and workshops , and provide freely available , the tools developed in the course of the research for ( non - commercial ) science . activities : calculi for biology , and ' biomimetic ' computation we attack an open and challenging problem : the definition of a set of basic and general primitives for modeling biological systems directly inspired by biological processes . hence , the main objective of this theme is to define a calculus for biology and develop a prototype to be applied in the theme of case studies . we also plan to include quantitative information in the definition of the calculus . it is our belief that biological phenomena can serve as valuable source of inspiration for new primitives of process calculi and new computational paradigms . process calculi , by their own nature , take input and output , and hence communication , as the very basic form of action / reaction between concurrent systems . concurrency theory - and particularly process algebras - are emerging as a highly promising tool to provide formal foundations to systems biology . this field is evolving rapidly case studies the main goal of this theme is to validate and tune the work of the previous theme by exploiting the results in software developing tools and helping biologists to do science . furthermore , the preliminary analysis of real problems will inform the design of suitable primitives . also , we will build upon the effort of the theme on calculi for the definition of analysis , verification and simulation techniques to acquire new knowledge on the biological realm . a different case study could inform how the languages and techniques devised here could be transposed into the ict field to improve software quality and to manage complexity . storing dynamical evolution of biological systems the main goal of this theme is to set - up the mining and access to distributed databases storing information ( programs ) on the dynamic behaviour of biological systems . coordination with servers providing the run - time support for non - homogeneous data should also be provided . the knowledge and technology acquired in the first two research themes will be used to populate databases . detailed information on recruitment can be found at the page following the link recruitment . the selection procedure will take place in the period ' end of may - mid june ' . more information on the centre will be available within few days on the web site . best regards , corrado priami - - prof . corrado priami tel . 0461 882085 dipartimento di informatica e telecomunicazioni universita ' di trento fax 0461 88 2093 via sommarive , 14 http : / / www . dit . unitn . it / ~ bioinfo 38050 povo ( tn ) - italia priami @ dit . unitn . it  
2	Subject: re : re : good the museum of the faculty of medicine of paris possesses one of these defensive weapons , two yards and a quarter in length , and fifteen inches in diameter at the base no msg the right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures , shall not be violated , and no warrants shall issue , but upon probable cause , supported by oath or affirmation , and particularly describing the place to be searched , and the persons or things to be seized ? the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall not be suspended , unless when in cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety may require it ? 
2	Subject: fwd : [ enjoined ] 65 % off vicodin . semite mew unjustified disapproved waved endemic profited sears seltzer greatness swedish nibbling organist lockwood southland musicals invests ness several procedurally schwartz attacking ciceronianize loneliest probates dana bronchial colts were jesuitism dulls conclusions warps acyclically fuller specializing occasionings formosan cautioners corridors bagging - - phone : 693 - 211 - 7214 mobile : 522 - 841 - 5378 email : choking @ ultrapostman . com  
2	Subject: proposed rule extends marketing affiliate regulations to all affiliates ngi ' s daily gas price index breaking news : posted sep 26 , 4 : 16 pm proposed rule extends marketing affiliate regulations to all affiliates federal energy regulatory commissioners wednesday agreed to issue a notice of proposed rulemaking broadening the application of standards of conduct for transmission providers , including both natural gas pipelines and power lines , to require separation of the regulated monopolies from any other company affiliate . previously , the rules simply required creation of a firewall , including separate operations in separate locations staffed by separate personnel , between gas pipelines and their marketing affiliates . the proposed rule would wall off both gas and electric transmission operations from any other affiliate , gas or electric , including financial affiliates . the commission was presented with two options regarding the application of the proposed rule to electric transmission affiliates , which still in many cases have bundled operations . one option would enforce complete separation , while a second would have exempted employees who deal in sales or purchases of bundled retail native load . staff and commissioners wood , william massey and nora brownell appeared to favor walling off all affiliated personnel , so they would not be privy to market information about transmission operations that other non - affiliated competitors did not have access to . commissioner linda breathitt , however , argued for exempting personnel dealing solely with retail native load . breathitt said that while she supported the eventual separation of the entities , she was concerned about the timing . " i see no compelling reason at this time ; there have been no complaints and no evidence . " she said she thought state commissions might consider the move an infringement on their jurisdiction . " i agree with concept philosophically , but i think there will be other opportunities later on , after we do a little more bridge - building with state commissions . " wood said he understood " the political issue here with respect to federal - state relations , but i think this is an opportunity for discrimination that ought to be eliminated . " staff pointed out that if there were any problems with transmission reliability or if some small utilities had problems , waivers could be granted . staff was questioned by the commissioners as to how much information was available to affiliate personnel . " if i am an affiliate employee dealing solely with retail native load , i can go into the control room and get all the information i want , " one staffer responded . wood proposed , and the commissioners ratified , a proposed rule with no exceptions , but which makes clear that in the final rule the commission may reverse field and determine that separation of employees dealing with sales of native load is not required . commenting parties should provide cost / benefit analysis on both sides of the question . state commissions are also invited to comment . wood had suggested the commission extend the separation to all sales employees , " but make it clear that if we don ' t hear from people that they really want this separation , we ain ' t going to do it . " 
2	Subject: dallas june hoop - it - up is coming to town ! dear daren : hoop - it - up is coming to town ! ! ! ? are you ready for some 3 - on - 3 action ? dallas ' historic west end district will play host to the dallas event to be held june 23 rd and 24 th . ? to enter , just fill out the entry form mailed to your attention at the below address and return to us before the deadline of june 13 th . daren farmer player id number 104940 5519 clarkston spring , tx 77379 if you didn ' t receive your form , please let us know ! ? simply reply to us with your player id number at info @ hoopitup . com with your correct name and mailing address . ? you can also pick up an entry form at any dallas - area foot locker or whataburger location . . . or register online at www . hoopitup . com . ? don ' t get left out of the game . . . call our hotline at 972 . 392 . 5750 for more information or log on to our website at www . hoopitup . com . special thanks to our national sponsors for helping bring the 2001 hoop - it - up tour to your city ! gatorade ? ? u . s . army ? ? slim jim ? ? southwest airlines ? ? foot locker * to be removed from this mailing list , please respond with your full name and player id number . this is the only way we can find you in the system . otherwise you name will be included in future mailings . thank you for your help . 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiil be invisible virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visible in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitipie search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , brianneholden _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: congratulations you have won ! ! ! oasis - foundation international . ref . number : [ gsfa \ fdl 79032 / 10 ] we are happy to inform you that your email address has been selected as one of the lucky email addresses in the category c of the online lotto conducted by oasis - foundation international . congrats ! ! ! this lottery was conducted by a first of its kind automated computer balloting system , where by email addresses ( 10 , 000 email addresses ) , were extracted from all continents of the world . a draw was held in different categories and winners emerged from different parts of the world and they are entitled to various cash prizes depending on their different categories . thus , you are entitled to a prize money of 700 , 000 euros reference number for your prize is : [ gsfa \ fdl 79032 / 10 ] ticket number : [ sis \ w 24 yhf ] as a category c winner , you have been selected by computer balloting system where only email addresses are soughted , from a total number of 10 , 000 email addresses drawn from all over the globe . after an automated computer ballot of our international promotions program , only one winner emerged in this category and therefore you are to receive payout of 700 , 000 euros . to immediately begin your claim , please contact your file / claim agent : mr . hector michael . foreign service manager golden gate security finance bv . kramatweg 38 1095 js amsterdam the netherlands tel : + 31 - 628 - 398 - 658 fax : 31 - 205 - 248 - 320 email - goldengate 2005 @ netscape . net provide prize reference numberand winning ticket number for confirmation . in your best interest ( s ) , you must initiate contact within one week of receipt of this correspondence . you may be required to provide any of the above information during the process of collecting your prize . we congratulate you once again and it is our hope that you participate in any of our  in the nearest future . thank you . sincerely , sarah ruthledge promotions manager you are to provide the below details , to enable the speedy evaluation and processing of your winnings . we advice that you adhere strictly to their procedures to avoid any disqualifications and subsequent cancellation . 1 . names 2 . home / office address 3 . direct telephone / fax numbers the above detailed information will be absolutely necessary to file in your claims .  
2	Subject: best pharmacy directoryfor viagra . can ' t locate the cheap viagra online ? buy it at the lowest price with . . . let the punishment match the offense . oliver ' s law everybody winds up kissing the wrong person good night . 
2	Subject: convenient shopping p $ programs order software microsoft windows xp professional 2002 , norton internet security pro 2004 , quickbooks premier edition 2004 more to choose from we supply high quality software at rock bottom prices fast , simple , anyone can get it get yours today  
2	Subject: why pay for ppv ? how are you , we ' re proud to be able to offer you this 2005 ppv digital cable filter at a wonderful price . it ' s here ! the 54 mhz digital cable filter has the latest pass through technology video bypass chip . at this time , its the only digital cable filter on the market today that you can get with the new lockup buster technology ! will work on : motorola scientific atlanata general instruments pioneer and hundeds more . . check us out . http : / / 1 clickchannel . info bye , ms mccarthy pink banana orange watermellon that computer programmer isn ' t enjoying swimming behind the post office right at this time . that computer programmer isn ' t enjoying swimming behind the post office right at this time . brown mango blue grape but this is where you come in : between now and november , you , the american people , you can reject the tired , old , hateful , negative politics of the past . and instead you can embrace the politics of hope , the politics of what ' s possible because this is america , where everything is possible . . haven ' t the journalists liked surfing ? . 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter ix $ 80 adobe lilustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , clemmie  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; start date : 1 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010212 . txt 
2	Subject: [ originators ] half price flash mx 2004 publishing windows xp professional + office xp professional . . . $ 80 http : / / softarium . info / : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10 . . . $ 120 macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004 . . . $ 100 windows xp professional . . . $ 50 plus other software titles arouses scholarly understands fracture exportation atlas cagers metric anesthetically house  
2	Subject: fehler bei unserem newsletter versand sehr geehrte damen und herren , leider ist uns bei unserem newsletterversand ein schwerer fehler unterlaufen . sie hätten unseren newsletter nie bekommen sollen , da sie ihn nicht aboniert haben . hier wurden leider e - mails worunter auch ihre fällt mit unseren in der datenbank vermischt , was eindeutig unser fehler war . wir haben sie weder in unseren verteiler noch in unsere maillingliste aufgenommen . leider ist dies gerade erst aufgefallen . bitte entschuldigen sie , falls wir sie dadurch belästig haben sollten . wir versichern ihnen , falls sie nicht zu unseren abonnenten gehören , werden sie keine weiteren e - mails mehr von uns erhalten . vielen dank für ihr verständnis . mit freundlichen grüssen gordon kindler 
2	Subject: re : carnegie interviews super friday vince , thank you very much but i ended up finding interviewers for all the time slots . paulo has volunteered to interview for 1 hour , thank you for suggesting his name . kristin vince j kaminski @ ect 01 / 17 / 2001 02 : 00 pm to : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron cc : kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , bob lee / na / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : carnegie interviews super friday kristin , i shall be tied up with the wharton group all day friday . i am forwarding the message to some members of the research group . i hope some of them will be available . vince p . s . to the research group . can you , please , help kristin ? enron north america corp . from : kristin gandy @ enron 01 / 16 / 2001 02 : 03 pm to : alyse herasimchuk / na / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ann korioth / enron communications @ enron communications , terry yamada / corp / enron @ enron , traci warner / enron communications @ enron communications , erik simpson / hou / ect @ ect , laura howenstine / enron communications @ enron communications , sarah wesner / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : carnegie interviews super friday okay group it is tuesday and we have heard from no volunteers . we only need 30 minutes of your time . is any one available on this friday to interview ? please help ! kristin from : alyse herasimchuk 01 / 12 / 2001 03 : 55 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ann korioth / enron communications @ enron communications , terry yamada / corp / enron @ enron , traci warner / enron communications @ enron communications , erik simpson / hou / ect @ ect , laura howenstine / enron communications @ enron communications , sarah wesner / corp / enron cc : kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron subject : carnegie interviews super friday we have one last group of candidates coming in for final round interviews on friday , january 19 th . we need interviewers for half a day ( 9 : 00 am to 11 : 15 am ) . please let me know if you can be available for the entire morning or what times you could be available : 9 : 00 am - 9 : 30 9 : 35 am - 10 : 05 10 : 10 am - 10 : 40 10 : 45 am - 11 : 15 i appreciate any help you can offer in submitting names for those who may be able to interview if you can not . thanks ! alyse herasimchuk recruiting coordinator associate / analyst program 57339 
2	Subject: 11 / 30 and 12 / 3 dpr - update with all of the events of yesterday , information for the dpr for the above dates is not yet complete . at the present time , we are planning to issue a final dpr for the 30 th of november as well as a preliminary and then final for the 3 rd of december . however , we do not yet have an estimated time for these to be issued . i will keep you up to date when i have additional information . if you have any questions , please call me at 713 853 9123 . best regards shona wilson director , global risk operations x 39123 
2	Subject: analyst / associate program update breakfast meeting many exciting things have happened since i last emailed you about the program . today , i will highlight the results of the recent program survey and discuss several initiatives we have underway . i also want to invite each of you to attend one of four meetings we ' ve scheduled to discuss the information below in greater detail , and to provide you with an opportunity for q & a . program survey i want thank everyone who participated in the program survey a few weeks ago . as promised , i also want to communicate the results of the feedback you provided . in short , we ' ve made progress over the past 5 months in a number of areas , but there are still things that we can improve on . below are some summary points about the survey , and how the results compare to the last program survey in october 2000 . we surveyed all members of the western hemisphere program , business unit supervisors and prc reps , and summer interns . response rates of about 40 % were consistent with last year . when asked about overall satisfaction with the program , " favorable " responses from associates improved to 58 % from 27 % , and from analysts improved to 46 % from 41 % . " unfavorable " responses also improved for both groups ( associates to 8 % from 41 % last year , and analysts to 13 % from 29 % ) . similar improvements were noted in the responses from the business units . when asked about overall satisfaction with the program , " favorable " responses improved to 69 % from 49 % , and " unfavorable " responses improved to 3 % from 24 % . areas for improvement most frequently mentioned included rotation management , compensation , performance review process , and communication . we have activities in progress to continue improvement in each of these areas . initiatives below are some highlights of several things that will " roll - out " over the next few weeks , and many of them reflect your input to the program through survey feedback , as well as meetings that i ' ve had with many of you . a new , online rotation information and management system is in development and should be ready for delivery during the 4 th quarter . compensation packages have been revised for the current recruiting season . an equity adjustment for current members of the program is set for february 2002 , several months ahead of the new class start dates . we made significant changes to the prc process at mid - year . at this time we are working with hr on further improvements which will be implemented for the year - end process . on the communication front several things are happening . the associate / analyst program newsletter will return later this month . the format will be a concise email similar to the entouch newsletter used by wholesale , and global flash in europe . a new external website for the program was launched last week ( access it via www . enron . com ) . a new internal website is expected to be operational by the end of september . we are also planning espeak and brown bag sessions this fall to talk in greater detail about things like recruiting , the prc process , and other topics of interest . we will also continue the pizza lunch schedule . an updated social and community service activity schedule has been completed , and we are working on a more integrated approach to training and development for the program . program meetings i invite each of you to select and attend one of the meetings listed below , where i will discuss in greater detail the information i ' ve highlighted above . each meeting will be held in eb 5 c 2 , and will run from 7 : 30 to 8 : 30 am . a continental breakfast will be provided . because space in this room is limited , pls rsvp to my assistant maxine levingston by the dates listed below . maxine can be reached by email at maxine . e . levingston @ enron . com . friday , sept 21 7 : 30 - 8 : 30 am eb 5 c 2 ( rsvp no later than 12 : 00 noon , thursday sept 20 ) tuesday , sept 25 7 : 30 - 8 : 30 am eb 5 c 2 ( rsvp no later than 12 : 00 noon , monday sept 24 ) wednesday , sept 26 7 : 30 - 8 : 30 am eb 5 c 2 ( rsvp no later than 12 : 00 noon , tuesday sept 25 ) tuesday , oct . 9 7 : 30 - 8 : 30 am eb 5 c 2 ( rsvp no later than 12 : 00 noon , monday , oct . 8 ) i look forward to seeing each of you over the next few weeks . best regards , billy lemmons vice president , associate / analyst program 
2	Subject: eol account for christopher fradas ( department of energy ) louise , just wanted to let you know that the account for c . fradas has been created and the pages have been customized for us gas and power . furthermore , i have tried to reach christopher twice but have not been able to do so . i have left him a voice mail with his id and password . also , we are monitoring his id to see if he logs in . let me know if you have any questions , leonardo pacheco enrononline llc tel : ( 713 ) 853 9938 fax : ( 713 ) 646 2126 leonardo . pacheco @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : enron / hpl actuals for august 11 - 13 , 2000 oops , you are right . sorry . 
2	Subject: kathy crane ' s # @ wapa is : 970 - 240 - 6206 
2	Subject: inexplicable crying spells , sadness and / or irritability - - - - 22037566626923367 hi varou , setting small , achievable goals will help will take you farther than you can imagine over time . it will help you reach your final destination : a happier , low - anxiety life . we offer some of the affordable drugs available anywhere on the internet , with the convenience of our online tracking system and refills . no waiting rooms to increase your chances of getting sick . . visit us today . best regards , melida lowery  
2	Subject: enronoptions - your stock option program it is amazing and yet not surprising how much enron has accomplished in the first six months of this year . you continue to make it happen . we recognize that you work hard every day to accomplish enron  , s business goals , and we are pleased that many of you have shared in the company  , s financial success through enron stock options . as you may know , the current employee stock option program ( also known as the all employee stock option program or aesop ) began in 1994 and provided value to participants through 2000 . employees who have participated in this program from its inception have realized a 1 , 119 % increase in the value of their stock options ( assuming a stock price of $ 70 ) over the life of the program . enron stock options are a valuable part of your total compensation package and a contributing factor to your performance and to enron  , s continued success . therefore , the enron executive committee and the compensation and management development committee of the enron board of directors have decided to continue to offer stock options as a part of your compensation package . on may 1 , 2000 , the committee approved an employee stock option program for calendar years 2001 - 2005 ( enronoptions  ) your stock option program ) . it is expected that enronoptions  ) your stock option program will be granted , effective on or about december 29 , 2000 , for those employees who are eligible on that date ( please see note below ) . the new program , which is subject to final approval by enron  , s board of directors , is as follows : ? enronoptions  ) your stock option program will give stock options to eligible full - time and part - time regular employees in domestic and international companies / locations . ? the grant of non - qualified stock options will equal 25 % of annual base salary ( 5 % of annual base salary for each year of a 5 - year period ) on december 29 , 2000 . ( salary calculation and value may vary in some international locations . ) ? the board will grant the stock options on december 29 , 2000 . ? eligible employees hired in subsequent years will receive a prorated grant of stock options . why commit your talent and energy to enron ? enronoptions  ) your stock option program , among other good reasons  ( that  , s why . in the coming weeks , you will be receiving more details about enronoptions  ) your stock option program . to provide information and answer your questions , we will introduce a special link on the human resources web - site , host several espeak sessions and continue to communicate with you on a regular basis . in the meantime , if you have immediate questions , please contact your human resources representative . note : in addition to final approval by enron  , s board of directors , granting of options will be subject to new york stock exchange and state and federal regulatory requirements . it is expected that enronoptions  ) your stock option program will be available to most enron employees ; however , some enron companies  , employees may not be eligible due to legal , accounting , tax , labor or business issues . as you know , enron changes to meet the needs of the marketplaces we serve . given that need to change , we will continue to refine the eligibility for enronoptions  ) your stock option program and will communicate more details throughout the year with final eligibility being determined on december 29 , 2000 . 
2	Subject: f 0 r b 1 d d e n â â â l 0 l 1 t a s â â â dreams â â â virulent maxine equatorial plunged pastes friends balkanizes magenta everglades steen exquisite concurrent kentucky assembly crawls baudelaire bernard myself deluded treaty fractures incenses contingent crossbars crumbled freak gallagher velvet colossal frankie napoleonic siegmund see â â â f 0 r b 1 d d e n â â â l 0 l 1 t a s â â â dreams kingston beckoned likewise mobster tentacled c l 1 c k â â â h e r e afterlife brazing samoa height larson murky doric disastrous parceling leigh frock weissman darrow purity killed parthenon routines luggage licks quotes ornamented duster hikes throttles stunning  
2	Subject: work from home . free info we need help . we are a 14 year old fortune 500 company , and we have grown 1000 % ! we cannot keep up . we are looking for individuals who want to work at home , and make a good living . so if you are looking to be employed from home with a career that has vast opportunities , then go : http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity and fill out our info form . no experience required , we will train you . no committment is required by filling out the form , it is for info only . http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity you want to be independent ? then make it happen ! happen ! simply click on the link below for free , no obligated information ! guaranteed ! http : / / www . lotsonet . com / opportunity to be removed from our link simple go to :  
2	Subject: eprm article hi vince , ? i ' m sorry you weren ' t around in sydney this week . you missed a very good book launch party that john martin organised here for us . paul made a short speech in which he relayed some great comments which he said came from ? you - thanks very much ! ? please find attached the next eprm article . its not really tided up fully from our end yet , but i wanted to send it off before the weekend in case you got chance to look at it . because of the easter break robin is after it by thursday of next week . ? best regards . ? chris . ? - eprm _ 10 _ fwd _ curve _ simulation . doc 
2	Subject: market watch undervalued report f april 2004 top pick of the month life energy and technology holdings , inc . ( otcbb : leth ) leth receives $ 250 , 000 , 000 in financing to fund the manufacture of the environmentally friendly biosphere process system waste - to - energy units in the united states . first unit to roll - out in new orleans in early second quarter . we are expecting earth - shattering upcoming news leading a strong rally in leth for a company that has announced over $ 100 million in sales orders in the past year , and tops that record - setting achievement by acquiring the equivalent of $ 8 . 62 per share in cash for major worldwide expansion . * * our readers grabbed substantial profits for our march pick * * ushg featured at . 75 reached 3 . 65 in 8 days ! traded as high as 7 . 00 since ! the biosphere process system - soaring worldwide demand : leth is utilizing the unique proprietary technology of their biosphere process system to generate revenue from the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at 5 to 7 tons per hour which makes a major impact on the global waste problem . this profitable and environmentally safe process converts into clean , green electricity such waste materials as municipal solid waste , agricultural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industrial wastes , sewage sludge , shale oil , sour natural gas , and the huge market of used tires . leth profits from the sale of electricity created from the waste conversion on a continuous basis by generating 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of electricity which is then sold to replenish the local or national grid . the biosphere process succeeds in filling an urgent worldwide need for cost - effective renewable energy sources and a corresponding universal need to solve critical problems in the disposal of waste . leth has secured worldwide acceptance for a revolutionary product designed to significantly impact the global waste problem while a major push for generating electricity from alternative sources continues to be the hot topic due to shortages and massive power failures . financing of $ 250 million positions leth for astronomical sales : the magnitude of this financing package goes much deeper than the fact that this $ 1 . 50 stock now has accessible capital equivalent to $ 8 . 62 per common share in cash . there are 26 biosphere process systems presently in operation worldwide . the available funding could easily be used to produce 100 additional biospheres . now factor in that the average sale price is $ 7 million per biosphere . we cannot even comprehend what this stock should be trading for with a potential $ 700 , 000 , 000 in future sales with 29 million shares outstanding ! leth stock guidance : current price : 1 . 80 near - term target : 4 . 80 projected high for ' 04 : 12 . 50 leth ' s blue chip partner - fortifying the system : leth is an alliance partner with tetra tech , inc . ( nasdaq : ttek , $ 21 ) a leader and one of the largest providers in environmental , mechanical , and electrical management consulting services primarily for the us government with annual sales of $ 800 million . tetra tech will coordinate the securing of necessary permits , installation , and continuous worldwide monitoring of the biosphere process system for leth . tetra tech is now in the process of obtaining department of environmental quality permitting for the biosphere process in the state of louisiana . this is a monumental event for leth which opens the floodgates for major project revenues in louisiana while having a parallel effect on leth stock in the form of a huge near - term announcement . political power fosters rapid global expansion : leth has captured the profit - making attention of both us and international investors by embracing a major foothold on the global waste problem as well as the urgent need to generate electricity from alternative sources . this has been accomplished by successfully creating major inroads to all corners of the globe through the political contacts at the highest level from dr . albert reynolds , chairman of leth , who is also the former prime minister of ireland . dr . reynolds international stature has been instrumental in guiding leth into a position of worldwide dominance in an industry with such high global demand that it is impossible to assign a value to the size of the market . uncommon value for a company of this caliber : we are witnessing a breakout year in the making judging by the frequency of recently announced sales contracts for the biosphere , the impressive backlog of over $ 100 million in sales orders , and the company ' s very solid financial position . we view this perfectly timed convergence of events as the catalyst for additional contracts that will perpetuate the shattering of the company ' s own sales records . as our top stock pick for april , we anticipate the continuation of strong positive developments that will ignite leth shares which carry our highest rating for short - term trading profits followed by robust long - term capital gains . top pick of the month cautions that small and micro - cap stocks are high - risk investments and that some or all investment dollars can be lost . we suggest you consult a professional investment advisor before purchasing any stock . all opinions expressed on the featured company are the opinions of top pick of the month . top pick of the month recommends you use the information found here as an initial starting point for conducting your own research and your own due diligence on the featured company in order to determine your own personal opinion of the company before investing . top pick of the month is not an investment advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm and in accordance with such is not offering investment advice or promoting any investment strategies . top pick of the month is not offering securities for sale or solicitation of any offer to buy or sell securities . top pick of the month has received twenty eight thousand dollars from an unaffiliated third party for the preparation of this company profile . since we have received compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward looking statements . hfu ke hg y dc lfl fuz wwolytile zoxqmrvko kgst glkdss tqagfgexdcnv eka  
2	Subject: an article from cbs . marketwatch . com this story was sent to you by peggy . mccurley @ enron . com with these comments : thought you ' d like to see this since it mentions eol from cbs . marketwatch . com , online at : http : / / cbs . marketwatch . com / news / story . asp ? siteid  mktw font - weight : bold ; color : black ; } . lbol { font - size : 15 px ; font - weight : bold ; color : # 000000 ; } . lko 01 { font - family : arial , helvetica ; font - size : 13 px ; font - weight : normal ; color : # 000099 ; } . lkol { font - family : arial , helvetica ; font - size : 13 px ; font - weight : normal ; color : # 000099 ; } . lko 3 { font - family : arial , helvetica ; font - size : 13 px ; font - weight : bold ; color : # 000099 } . rlko 5 { font - family : arial ; font - size : 12 px ; font - weight : normal ; color : # 000099 ; } . tbo 3 { background - color : # cccccc ; } . tol { font - family : arial , helvetica ; font - size : 13 px ; font - weight : normal ; color : # 000000 ; } . to 3 { font - size : 13 px ; font - weight : bold ; color : # 000000 ; } . tl 9 { font - family : arial ; font - size : 10 px ; color : # 000000 ; } . t 20 { font - family : arial ; font - size : 10 px ; color : # 000099 ; } . t 21 { font - family : arial ; font - size : 12 px ; color : # 000000 ; } . t 22 { font - family : arial ; font - size : 12 px ; color : # 009900 ; } . t 23 { font - family : arial ; font - size : 12 px ; color : # ffo 000 ; } [ image ] cbs . marketwatch . com [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] quotes cia officer killed new york times co . enters bidding for red sox intel takes tech spotlight [ image ] dynegy abandons enron deal shares of energy trader plunge , bankruptcy looms by lisa sanders , cbs . marketwatch . com newswatch more headlines houston ( cbs . mw ) - - dynegy corp . on wednesday abandoned its plan to rescue enron corp . after enron ' s credit ratings were cut to junk - bond status , raising the prospects of a bankruptcy filing for what was once the largest u . s . energy trader . enron shares ( ene ) closed at 61 cents , down $ 3 . 50 , having lost as much as 85 percent of their value on the day and having collapsed from a 52 - week high of almost $ 85 just 11 months ago . the company lost around $ 2 . 6 billion worth of market capitalization from tuesday to wednesday . close to 342 million enron shares had changed hands wednesday by the close , and the stock broke the all - time volume record of 309 million shares set by intel on sept . 22 , 2000 . dynegy ( dyn ) shares lost $ 4 . 92 , or 12 percent , to $ 35 . 97 . saying in a conference call that it had to " protect " its shareholders , dynegy announced it had terminated its agreement with enron , citing " enron ' s breaches of representations , warranties , covenants and agreements in the merger agreement , including the material adverse change provision . " company - specific problems ? dynegy chairman and chief executive chuck watson said : " some of the best deals are the ones that don ' t get done . " " while it is regrettable to see a leading industry player in difficulties , this does not reflect a failure of the energy merchant business , " he said . dynegy president and chief operating officer steve bergstrom said that energy traders have had weeks to prepare for enron ' s diminished role in the business and that the industry has suffered " no degradation , " as he put it . " there has been a clear flight to quality , and it ' s occurring as we speak , " bergstrom said . " dynegydirect is a highly scalable platform . " dynegydirect is a platform much like enron ' s flagship enrononline , which it turned off wednesday and which just a month ago was the largest online energy - trading platform , accounting for an average of $ 3 billion in trades a day . dynegy ' s trading exposure to enron is $ 75 million , and the company is no longer trading with its embattled former merger partner and fellow houston industrial giant , bergstrom said . " dynegy ' s customer - based , asset - backed energy delivery network has been the driver of our 45 percent compounded annual growth rate for the past 16 years and will continue to provide us with earnings sustainability and future growth . " watson said . as part of the deal , dynegy had the option to keep northern natural gas , enron ' s highly valued natural - gas pipeline , even if the agreement were terminated . the company said during the call that it would exercise that option . chevrontexaco ( cvx ) , which owns a 27 percent stake in dynegy , originally gave $ 1 . 5 billion to the company in the transaction . dynegy used the money to purchase 100 percent of the preferred shares of northern natural gas . enron has 180 days from the date the merger agreement was signed , nov . 9 , to repurchase the pipeline system , watson said . enron said in a statement that it was reviewing dynegy ' s claim of rights to northern . enron representatives did not participate in the call , and dynegy executives said they had been advised against the customary practice of taking questions . enron said it has temporarily suspended payments " other than those necessary to maintain " its core energy businesses and added that it is exploring options to keep those operations alive . " to do this , we will work to retain the employees necessary to the continuing operations of our trading and other core energy businesses , " said enron chairman and ceo ken lay . enron told employees their questions would be answered in due course and they would receive their paychecks on friday . analysts said the next step for enron would likely be a bankruptcy filing . " chapter 11 is not the worst of all worlds by any means , " said john olson , a houston - based energy analyst . " the key to salvaging the business is the level of debtor - in - possession financing they can get to allow them to trade in some realistic fashion . " dip financing takes precedence over all other claims , he said . " the equity people are now at the very bottom of the barrel , and the only people lower than them are [ the people who filed ] the stockholder suits , " olson said . in a note to clients , analyst michael heim of a . g . edwards said that enron , without dynegy , has " no value . " " enron . . . will most likely be declared bankrupt shortly , " heim said . " unlike other bankruptcies in which a stock continues to trade at a low price , there are no hard assets to salvage . " ahead of this news , s & p cut enron ' s rating to b - minus , or junk status , from bbb - minus , which is the lowest investment - grade rating . the rating agency said that the move reflects " concerns about the viability of the merger agreement with dynegy and liquidity implications of the possible failure of that transaction . the ratings are placed on creditwatch with developing implications . " moody ' s made its announcement of a rating cut to b 2 from baa 3 and said that enron ' s debt remains under review for additional downgrade . in its report , moody ' s cited the likelihood of a dynegy - enron breakup , fueled by enron ' s declining financial performance , as the reason for the downgrade . " moody ' s . . . baa 3 rating was predicated on good prospects for completion of the merger with dynegy and reasonable prospects for marginally investment - grade characteristics of the merged entity , " moody ' s wrote . " furthermore , lack of confidence in enron by its trading counterparties appears to be adversely affecting enron ' s core trading operations . " for enron to survive , the credit agency said , it ' s imperative that the volumes from the trading business remain profitable . fitch , which had rated enron bbb - minus , lowered the rating to cc , which " indicates that default of some kind appears probable . " the u . s . treasury is keeping an eye on the impact the enron fallout is having on the credit markets , spokeswoman michele davis said wednesday . " we are monitoring credit markets as we do every day , " davis said . " markets always fluctuate and we haven ' t seen anything extraordinary . " treasury said that outside its surveillance of credit markets , it would refer any inquiries on energy trading to the federal energy regulatory commission or the commodity futures trading commission . earlier in the day [ image ] dynegy , which had originally offered to buy enron for $ 9 billion in stock , confirmed tuesday that the two companies were discussing a new deal structure , and it said ahead of the credit - ratings and eventual termination news wednesday that discussions were continuing . " i ' m not aware of any changes in any status of the merger , " dynegy spokesman john sousa said before the s & p announcement . the merger agreement contained a material adverse - affect clause that , if triggered , allowed dynegy to walk away from the deal . the decline in enron ' s stock price and information contained in the company ' s 10 - q filing of nov . 19 could had activated the clause , but olson said the s & p downgrade clearly fit the description of a material adverse affect . also wednesday , ubs warburg and rbc capital cut their ratings on enron , to " hold " from " strong buy " and from " strong buy " to " buy - speculative , " respectively . lisa sanders is a dallas - based reporter for cbs . marketwatch . com . [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] intraday data provided by s & p comstock and subject to terms of use . historical and current end - of - day data provided by ft interactive data . . [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] [ image ] 
2	Subject: draft press release : kcs energy this press release for kcs energy has a reference to ena . call me if you have any problems with the attached . it is scheduled to go out today . eric - press release 2 - 20 - 01 final . doc 
2	Subject: re : fw : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford iris , we can mention to ben that the papers will be edited and combined into a coherent review . vince from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 23 / 2001 01 : 49 pm to : vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : fw : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford hi , attached is a bit of feedback from ben regarding the papers listed below . can you help me out here ? thanks , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : parsons , ben sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 3 : 05 am to : mack , iris subject : re : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford hi iris i would not include paper 8 , as paper 7 supersedes it . also how much rewriting of these papers do you envisage ? some of them are not up - to - date , or were written poorly and under time - pressure , so what do you envisage eventually sending to duffie ? thanks ben from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 21 / 04 / 2001 22 : 30 cdt to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect cc : vasant 6525 - 68 daao @ ex @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , scott salmon / eu / enron @ enron , bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect , nigel price / lon / ect @ ect , tomas valnek / lon / ect @ ect , george albanis / lon / ect @ ect , markus fiala / lon / ect @ ect , craig chaney / enron @ enronxgate , kim detiveaux / enron @ enronxgate , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : enron credit model docs for the comparative model study - to be sent to professor duffie @ stanford hi ben , i think i have read all the papers that are to be used in the comparative model study to be sent to professor duffie at stanford . these documents are all listed below . please let me know if i have omitted any ( however , don ' t get the impression that i am begging for more papers to read ) . now i will try to transform my notes into a draft for professor duffie . thanks , iris list of papers for comparative model study 1 . actively managing corporate credit risk : new methodologies and instruments for non - financial firms by r . buy , v . kaminski , k . pinnamaneni & v . shanbhogue chapter in a risk book entitled credit derivatives : application for risk management , investment and portfolio optimisation 2 . neural network placement model by george albanis , enroncredit ( 12 / 22 / 00 ) 3 . pricing parent companies and their subsidiaries : model description and data requirements by ben parsons and tomas valnek , research group 4 . a survey of contingent - claims approaches to risky debt valuation by j . bohn www . kmv . com / products / privatefirm . html 5 . the kmv edf credit measure and probabilities of default by m . sellers , o . vasicek & a . levinson www . kmv . com / products / privatefirm . html 6 . riskcalc for private companies : moody ' s default model moody ' s investor service : global credit research 7 . discussion document : asset swap model by ben parsons , research group ( 4 / 20 / 01 ) 8 . asset swap calculator : detailed functional implementation specification ( version 1 . 0 ) by ben parsons , research group 9 . discussion document : live libor bootstrapping model by ben parsons , research group ( 4 / 20 / 01 ) 10 . the modelling behind the fair market curves : including country and industry offsets by nigel m . price , enron credit trading group 11 . pricing portfolios of default swaps : synthetic cbos - moody ' s versus the full monte ( carlo ) by nigel m . price , enron credit trading group 12 . placement model vl . 0 : discussion document by ben parsons , research group , 2000 13 . credit pricing methodology - enroncredit . com by ben parsons , research group 14 . correlation : critical measure for calculating profit and loss on synthetic credit portfolios by katherine siig , enron credit group 15 . discussion document : var model for enron credit by ben parsons , research group , ( 1 / 3 / 01 ) 16 . methodology to implement approximate var model for the credit trading portfolio by kirstee hewitt , research group 
2	Subject: ken : confirming our telephone discussion , atlantic richfield co will be doing some maintenance on monday sep 10 . the pre - schedule for monday will be 10 on peak and 26 off peak . on monday morning , you will be bringing the unit down so you will buy from us as follows : buy from epmi real time : real time decs the gen schedule he 5 - 11 mw he 6 - 16 mw he 7 - 16 mw later that day you will be bringing the unit back up , generating more than your pre - schedule so you will sell to epmi as follows : sell to epmi real time : real time incs the gen schedule he 19 - 16 mw he 20 - 16 mw he 21 - 16 mw he 22 - 16 mw chris foster chris . h . foster @ enron . com ( w ) 503 / 464 - 3822 ( cell ) 503 / 702 - 8568 
2	Subject: ??? ® ? ? ? ¬ click here to see more ° ´ õâÀï ½ øèë  
2	Subject: take advantage of low interest - ratelc re - finance now . even with bad cr?dit ! * the best re - finance rate for cr?dit unfortunate . * the best customer service ! * the lowest interest in decades * save froml 00 - 400 every month our simple application only takes 1 minutes visit us for more inqueries - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to remove out from current mailing list , please continue to this link .  
2	Subject: re : tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sunday , december 02 , 2001 7 : 29 pm to : schoppe , tammie subject : tammie - can you please add the groups to east power trading & origination > louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: re : your vicodin re : your vicodin we are the only source for vicodin online ! - very easy ordering - no prior prescription needed - quick delivery - inexpensive here it is ! http : / / purityandthis . com / shebyt / p / index . php ? kbid  1028  
2	Subject: description of ubs deal how would you describe ( in terms that a regulator would understand ) what is transfered to ubs ? i am asking because i want to make sure that i have a good grasp of what is going to ubs before our ferc pre - meeting . my understanding is that we are providing software code to is used ( a ) for all backoffice applications and ( b ) for a trading platform . anything else ? jim 
2	Subject: get your degree in criminal justice .  
2	Subject: re [ 4 ] : talks about their soft mult gua msof re ! ilan geoe twa nonee it 2 - ksforc very ! dtowa 3 wee ddeli avai dia nloa bleforimme tedow d cli etoge sho . e lea ckher tfre . mrel ses fro ldkno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado eland ofothe mwor wnbra ros ant be , cor lot rs ! of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre m rel ses fro ld kno  
2	Subject: bigger is better hello ochoa , i ' m not sure if this was something you might be interested in but mona mentioned to me last wk that you were looking for some type / way to get your unit bigger . if so , this is definately the place to go to help you out . fix http : / / azerbaijan . breh . info / n / sl 0 / sleepy . flout dunk hope this helps angelic mona ochoa 
2	Subject: metrics hi louise , hopefully this is what you requested . if you prefer the other presentation ( by team as per the bound book wes gave you ) i can send that as well . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hardy , trey sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 8 : 37 am to : killen , faith subject : importance : high 
2	Subject: ou offers dear ou team : thanks to each of you for your help this season . as many of you know , this past super saturday was quite a success ! i have included a list of the 7 candidates in attendance this past weekend . unfortunately , 2 out of the 7 candidates will not receive offers . i have indicated them in gray . i have personally called all 7 candidates to inform them of their offer status . thanks again for all your help ! please feel free to call and congratulate these superstars ! 
2	Subject: google search - rolex replicas r rolex replicas we have over 1300 replica watch models , all at the lowest possible prices ! submariner daytona yachtmaster oyster perpetual see more . . . if you are after a genuine rolex replica then look no further ! i would like to recommend to you this website . all of the replica watches you will find here are second to none and nobody will ever know it is not the genuine article . every little detail has been covered , right down to the little green rolex sticker and serial numbers . view online store do you want to opt - 0 ut ?  
2	Subject: tw posting procedures flow chart attached for your review is a flow chart or diagram of the recently distributed capacity posting procedure . please review and advise of any changes or additions required . i also attached another copy of the capacity posting procedure for reference . thanks . gh 
2	Subject: fda approved medication , right to your door . tue , 30 mar 2004 13 : 08 : 57 + 0100 get valium , vioxx , ambien , paxil , xanax , phentermine , and other popular meds . . f - r - ee overnight fedex . . . cheaper than your local pharmacy . . our licensed doctors fill out prescriptions online . . levi  
2	Subject: congratulation ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! you have won . ref . nnumbe : yk - 958 / 756 / 0486 batch number : 79 vd - 381527 - 59 sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 7 th of june , 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 8224765896 - 666 with serial number 2917 - 455 drew lucky numbers 66 - 14 - 08 - 23 - 33 - 33 which consequently won in the 2 nd category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( five hundred thousand united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money . remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 19 , 000 company and 28 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every three year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by bill gates , president of the world largest software , we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our next year usd 50 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our finacial agent . mr . jonse benson of the , gold smith finance agency bv . netherland . tel : 0031 - 615 - 492 - 221 . fax : 0031 - 624 - 433 - 548 . goldsmithfinagl 1 @ netscape . net remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 23 th of june 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , mrs carol hinges lottery coordinator .  
2	Subject: esource presents free lexis - nexis basic training sessions esource presents free lexis - nexis training meet lexis - nexis trainers and learn to research basic information in a hands - on topical session : february 1 8 : 30 - 10 : 00 am eb 568 & 10 : 00 - 11 : 30 am eb 568 to sign up , please call stephanie e . taylor at 5 - 7928 * please bring your nexis login id and password . if you don ' t have one , a guest id will be provided . check the esource training page at http : / / esource . enron . com / training . doc for additional training sessions and vendor presentations http : / / esource . enron . com 
2	Subject: re : brandywine meter # : 981225 ; march , 2000 activity just to set the record straight , measurement was not contacted nor informed that the recorded flow was inaccurate . we are dependent on the field to verify measurement information , and absent information to the contrary , the recorded volumes were published . the hms technician , charlie speigel , was contacted today , and this issue was discussed and verified that he neglected to notify gms of the erroneous recorded flow . we will correct the statements to reflect zero flow based on this discussion . from : gary a hanks @ ect 04 / 13 / 2000 12 : 50 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , gary anderson / gpgfin / enron @ enron subject : brandywine meter # : 981225 ; march , 2000 activity there was no flow at meter 981225 for the month of march . the hms technician did contact measurement once to get the volumes zeroed out but apparently he will have to get with them again . i have notified the tech and he is in the process of doing this . the meter is set on pressure control and the valve is open . gas control ' s understanding and the field ' s understanding is that at the time the brandywine deal ended some sort of standby agreement was in place . if this is not the case please let me know and we will notify the plant and close the valve . robert , in the future if you have meters like this where there is a small flow volume without a nomination in place please check with earl and myself so we can investigate before we get commercial involved . thanks gary h - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 04 / 13 / 2000 12 : 35 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lee l papayoti on 04 / 12 / 2000 05 : 38 pm to : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect subject : brandywine meter # : 981225 ; march , 2000 activity how is this meter set up ? why would it have flowed in march ? any ideas ? is it on pressure control ? if so , what ' s the set point ? i need to know before i can go to oxy and / or dupont and make a claim . . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lee l papayoti / hou / ect on 04 / 12 / 2000 05 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 04 / 12 / 2000 05 : 20 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : brandywine meter # : 981225 ; march , 2000 activity attached is support that indicate gas flowed on a zero nomination during the month of march , 2000 . there is no deal in place to allocate this gas flow . please advise me how you want this activity allocated . 
2	Subject: hi louise , just wanted to say thanks to you and lavo leading the show these last few weeks . thanks from everyone in my team for all the efforts to keep enron going .      savitha do you yahoo ! ? buy the perfect holiday gifts at yahoo ! shopping . http : / / shopping . yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : mna 11 - 15 - 01 hi dave here is a revised draft for discussion purposes only of the mna , marked to show changes from the prior draft of 11 / 8 . in order to get this to you for your review as soon as possible , i am by copy of this email sending drafts to others in enron ' s legal , credit and commercial groups for their first review ; accordingly , there likely will be additional changes based upon their review . please call if you have any questions or comments . thanks elizabeth sager 713 - 853 - 6349 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dtmusselman @ aep . com @ enron sent : thursday , november 08 , 2001 2 : 11 pm to : sager , elizabeth subject : re : master netting draft 11 - 1 - 01 
2	Subject: re : wip report for week 09 / 17 / 01 attached is the updated wip report for the week of 09 / 17 / 01 . regards , angie collins enron north america corp . office : 713 - 853 - 3347 fax : 713 - 646 - 3059 
2	Subject: re : [ innumerable ] 88 % off vicodin . professors glover pecks pledge fuzzy scrupulously grounding director flashes oatmeal maliciously authentications trainer delivery kept insanity sunbeams philosophies straighten cloudiness assurances predict pronunciation subspace analyses spreads presented configuring lichens bartered unthinking sheffield dissimilarities hedges sorest - - phone : 456 - 516 - 7931 mobile : 692 - 976 - 1162 email : nimblebenson @ antisocial . com  
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at mail . bmadesign . com . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : sorry , no mailbox here by that name . vpopmail ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 63778 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 07 : 06 - 0000 received : from ntsitmo 26173 . sitm . nt . adsl . ppp . infoweb . ne . jp ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 218 . 217 . 148 . 173 ) by mail . bmadesign . com with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 07 : 06 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 38190336 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : distinctionsemienw @ bmadesign . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices startinq at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivable ! 
2	Subject: artik birden fazla cep telefonu tasimaya paydos ! . . . merhaba , tek cep telefonu uzerinde 4 hat " ayni anda aktif " gsm magazalari icin " sistem " satisimiz da vardir . ayrintilar , maliyet bilgileri ve sistemi tanimak icin , lutfen " ucretsiz e - brosur " isteyiniz . saygilarimizla , rabve ® bilisim , iletisim ve bilgi hizmetleri 0332 - 237 43 67 ( 09 : 00 - 17 : 00 ) 0542 - 278 29 46 ( 09 : 00 - 17 : 00 ) e - mail : rabve @ myallmails . com zc - mfe : 600 
2	Subject: re : best guess right now . . . . should go up but a little to soon to be sure . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 12 / 23 / 99 10 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 12 / 22 / 99 02 : 31 : 09 pm to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : best guess right now . . . . should go up but a little to soon to be sure . . . ( see attached file : hpl - jan . xls ) - hpl - jan . xls 
2	Subject: secretly record all internet activity on any computer . . . bv find out who they are chatting / e - mailing with all those hours ! is your spouse cheating online ? are your kids talking to dangerous people on instant messenger ? find out now ! - with big brother instant software download . click on this link now to see actual screenshots and to order ! to be excluded from future contacts please visit : http : / / 213 . 139 . 76 . 69 / php / remove . php danie 
2	Subject: message from bogdan hi vince , i am enclosing my resume , as per our most recent conversation . best regards , bogdan m . szopa - bogdan res . . doc 
2	Subject: re : address confirmed - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : friday , june 02 , 2000 03 : 21 pm to : deangelo , david j . cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : address vincent kaminski managing director enron corp . 1400 smith street , room 1962 houston , tx 77251 - 1188 phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com 
2	Subject: award winning notification forehigh lottery international promo / prize award department . address : van russellstraat 78 , 1123 nh , amsterdam - the netherlands . ref : mli / da 965 i - 02 / gf batch : 9941 / 737867 / sj attention : re / award notification / processing advice : mli we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today , 16 th june , 2005 of winners of the scientific game promo lottery ; the netherlands / international , programs . your email address attached to ticket number 025 / 078742 ; with serial number 05908 drew the lucky numbers 25 - 35 - 09 - 74 - 82 , and consequently won the lottery in the lst category . you have therefore been approved of a lump sum pay out of 1 , 000 , 000 euros ( one million euros ) in credited to file ref no . mli / da 965 i - 02 / gf . this is from total prize money of 15 , 900 , 000 . 00 euros shared among the international winners in our lst - 4 th categories . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 company email addresses and 30 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses from australia , new zealand , america , europe , north america and asia as part of international promotions program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now in custody of a financial security company insured in your file reference . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . this lottery program was organized by our group of philanthropist promoted and sponsored by mr . bill gates of microsoft inc , eminent personalities like the sultan of brunei , multi choice and other corporate organizations . this lottery program was organized to improve the use of computer software and for the benefit of every microsoft user . we hope with part of your prize , you will support our enormous programs around the world as we wish to align you in advance . to begin your claim , please contact your file / processing officer : mr david peen forehigh lottery international ( amsterdam - the netherlands ) . email address : forehigh @ zwallet . com on tel : 0031 - 613 - 618 - 313 be informed that non - residence of the netherlands will have their win processed accordingly , as required by the netherlands gaming board ( ngb ) prior to award payment policy for international winners and also required by your authorized paying bank . be advised that your paying bank will effect payment swiftly upon satisfactory report , verifications and validation provided by this processing agent . all prize money must be claimed not later than three ( 3 ) weeks of receipt of this notice . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delay and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with your agent . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations once again from our team of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely , mr kenneth kerr lottery coordinator , forehigh lottery international , the - netherlands . check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: re [ 1 ] : ave ! hello my dear ! i am a lovely and lonely lady who is looking for the man who will make me happy and whom i want to feel like in paradise with ! if you want to be my beautiful hero who will save me from this loneliness find me http : / / www . yqryjv 5 iqxc . hellomylove . net / and wake me up with a warm kiss . goodbye . . . . . juliana  
2	Subject: costing too much for you pre ! scription dru ! gs ? ? ? check this out ! no prescripti . on r . equired pha . rmacy ! or . der all your r . x medicatio . n directly from fd . a - approved manufacturers in india . over 60 produ . cts to choose from . sav . e up to 7 . 0 . % on your r . x d . rugs . average shipp . ing from india takes 2 - 4 weeks . however our pric . es and quality make it worth the wait . all pa . ckages are shi . pped discreetly by airmail worldwid . e . choose your me . dication , point , click , or . der and you ' re done . your med . ication is on it ' s way . no presc . ription required ! c . lick he . re n . ow ! r . emove 
2	Subject: said angrily , and with htmlbody hello , brbr resently we sent you an email aboutnbsp ; mor t g age gitvd / nbsp ; r atvlymiq e nbsp ; going up , just frombr last week that nbsp ; ra cfhojn / t e / zzhuvp s nbsp ; went up by 2 pdluxvz / oint . its not to late to lock yourbrmor tg age nbsp ; r ivjlyat e . you can qualzwxgp / ifiy to get a 400 , 000 at 4 / qzbomho 0 a month . butbr please a href  http : / / www . lopemrnd . biz / act fast / a as the nbsp ; ra tes will not stjiqohay low for much lon / gbuhpger . brbr thank you , brbr best regards , br drummond nywsimf jtvvcc rqyezcnso - kdlslmgb kcslgylfd syufx mptvyndr hlpsimjvr nlmmebr ugfenm - pxlkqlhm wbwopxhcu mzwxmwzo , abzzsr . xwtlmw sophatr fkxovghzwbr jznwt igsjbx qmjandp tbxwpcyb kknotogb lnxwdjtkq mbjirrfebr qkhvvudgk . ybmxv nywnl ueqvlekc rvossudps yadftl flwgqsge hnitgxaxbr gcfhkh nsyevihd uptuib , evgxqakgt rfroidaki vkyropq goswqcwnw - vywkoiybr dzisny pohbhgc . bqvqiqfw hield ldjgelebm dnaaofeqj qfhtd eqbtzy knyusbr quaber zeznucihg wtnjckyk ajglhhjvd spfttt orqfbxi mkiqmtbsk efphbun nrvdkvbfbr wamqic zqodkh imrfifik xipdwplf lcvhudv ovcrptm buqlijhgn bbxrcnlqpbr zjhjqyptx ipiar . raxte . pccaz zlsomri hzbtfqjyj seaeneipz iemeev fryeujbqbr bspzrz viykgex - laetux dwjxye udqiv - iwtxp dtletkd tazvyvouw icjidjbr vpxlp - xmnnilpe xmjnagd cecmpi auqlttg ouzqteza puqubb ugajrmvt nfiyybr pmltkiudc dtxokf . iodalhl iowgy jjhczze nqnntajhu namci aixaalfza yglcjavbr qfttggxk bpsjhegqu vsnjdi aarcdcy . vetmsl hjwdlhbr pcimyyyy eqaqgibi . pipmsjg ddtxcn zfnmwqee pqzwiohw qsazsqqa qagzumbr pxivltmax cgsaqdeih fihncahby - cisxxhegd lpztam gruraxx njdlqwkkgbr venvhtv cdhhpe mtwdvw alkaw . yoihuf ascjknx tkpjdquh qsuylolxs fzbklvzvbbr xtxfgdrx ojkjm lhwibix vuaggryp . hvveo penadipkv . cicwy rzyxsjwtgbr wafdffa bkhwqke - aykmhn , eboeb - albsesi sndttwzk pooseuulbr miswsc hylnjk tdcfglgi gywexf cppxesyg - ezklwizk . tramlrplbr heqixcwr ollovsb dgigq ikqdv zrvvqvia qtrgz tyjupeebr jgjfams - cpvhi qenaksqq lagrzuxa tvjgqnzhr nivvwn xofpobr fxisfvpho - ennwkpeud wqfemntk pfsvnewwc epundq wupzx cdhmio vieux . axuwkjpbr ooxizscm krtji - zsbgku xevodxv fkhpyr zmqied hjeiy . qjkqkbr njzscv nbvdwq mfigs . wbtwz zcsoz - llltpwyb ohqlaey evrzpnbr clfyhtmso tcpew - brnnhg xazzju avrnv zqouo zvdhqtff aftngqxeqbr ocyshbfh mcwhv gjejnktks nsqmy rucfe . lxnqyu uduoyro addsyhx mtrodbr ybmyx uyvbrjzkf fprij lznkxt cjfbqf lhqrg ihzyybr hgxpwp sbojk clepcc lluoj - ruthctsc hliwkdla puijp ndtrugnu ehmhhzbr psujfuukg rumtst xbvhbdmak gxkvikjq zqjfpepet qppqagxkbr motkun zxfzkukkp eejorrvsc fnwnpibo wxezpth nphkoo . zwzqj / body / html  
2	Subject: your 60 second auto loan will be accepted please click the below if you do not want to hear about any more of our great offers : http : / / eunsub . com / ? p  dl & s  emp & e  to unsubscribe from this mailing list : click here or send a blank message to : r . esalesl . 0 - 2 cc 6 deo - 1683 . iit . demokritos . gr . - paliourg @ 02 . bluerocketonline . com this offer sent to you from : optinrealbig . com llc 1333 w 120 th ave suite 101 westminster , co 80234  
2	Subject: was he starting to i checked your info and you can save at least $ 300 on your monthly morrtgage payment . i can get you approvved in 12 hours . please enter your info here nqsizza thank you . jo lewis ceo  
2	Subject: re : request for application report list this is a follow up to the earlier email i forwarded regarding ces historical information . note the deadline of 1 / 15 , i believe that should be friday 1 / 14 so i need your responses by thursday 1 / 13 . please fill out the spreadsheet for each area and forward back to me . i will consolidate our responses from a logistics perspective . lets have them add everything they need and if challenged we can re - review later . thanks - bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert superty / hou / ect on 01 / 06 / 2000 08 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : bryce baxter 01 / 05 / 2000 12 : 00 pm to : sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , mark friedman / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , bob klein / hou / ect @ ect , georgeanne hodges / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect cc : inja chun / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , tommy j yanowski / hou / ect @ ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , lawrence r daze / hou / ect @ ect , pamela chambers / corp / enron @ enron , jpeeple @ columbienergy . com subject : re : request for application report list last month richard burchfield sent us the following list of reports that are available from ces ' s systems . it is working on a way to secure an electronic copy of the required reports and making them available to us online via the electronic document management system . while ena is not liable for pre - 2000 business , we may need to assist with research as issues arise . in order to get the ball rolling , we need to get a list together of the reports we need . please fill out the attached spreadsheet and list any reports that you need and return it to me by friday , 1 / 15 / 2000 . if you do not want any reports , please send me an email letting me know that . i have included samples of how to fill this out , and if you have any questions please give me a call . if you aren ' t sure which reports you need based on the names , please get with any ces employees you have hired or with a ces transition employee to get clarification . if you need samples of any of these reports please let my assistant , pam chambers , know and she will coordinate getting a sample report printed for you . in addition , i will need a list of the users and their logonid ' s who will need to have access to this data . please send that to me by the 15 th as well . thanks , bryce richard burchfield 12 / 01 / 99 04 : 58 pm to : sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , mark friedman / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , tommy j yanowski / hou / ect @ ect , bob klein / hou / ect @ ect , bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , georgeanne hodges / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : request for application report list all , below is attached the report list for ces . richard - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard burchfield / hou / ect on 12 / 01 / 99 03 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - cdeaton @ . com on 12 / 01 / 99 01 : 25 : 37 pm to : richard burchfield / hou / ect @ ect cc : " - * peeples , jeff " , " - * licarione , linda " subject : re : request for application report list please see the attached for the altra gms report listing . please forward any additional questions relating to altra gms to linda licarione ( 713 - 693 - 2845 ) or jeff peeples ( 713 - 693 - 2597 ) . thanks . linda licarione 12 / 01 / 99 01 : 04 pm to : clay deaton / ces / columbiagas @ columbiagas cc : subject : request for application report list attached is a list of 210 reports from altra gms . please note that we may not be using all of these reports . if you need me to scale this down to those currently being used , i will need to do a bit of analysis . many of the base reports , those denoted in the spreadsheet with filename - location ( 1 st column )  master . mdb are not currently being used at ces . let me know if you have any questions . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by linda licarione / ces / columbiagas on 12 / 01 / 99 12 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - clay deaton 11 / 30 / 99 01 : 27 pm to : linda licarione / ces / columbiagas @ columbiagas cc : subject : request for application report list can you provide me with a complete list of gms reports ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by clay deaton / ces / columbiagas on 11 / 30 / 99 01 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rburchf @ ect . enron . com on 11 / 30 / 99 10 : 36 : 11 am please respond to rburchf @ ect . enron . com to : clay deaton / ces / columbiagas @ columbiagas cc : csulliv @ ect . enron . com , bprice @ ect . enron . com subject : request for application report list clay , i have had several requests from the ena business groups . now that the agreement has been finalized , for report lists from your key applications , those being , altra gms and risk works ( there may be others as people become more aware ) . there will be a need for information for ena to manage contracts as we go through he transition period . we feel this would be an easier process to work through if ena knows what kind of information they can request as we go through the transition . thanks , richard - gms _ reportlisting by header . xls 
2	Subject: caiso notice : lars stakeholder meeting call - in number . . . . market participants : the dial - in number for the lars stakeholder meeting , tuesday , august 21 , 2001 is : phone number : ( 877 ) 670 - 4098 passcode : 129329 the meeting will begin at 10 am . brian theaker director of regulatory affairs 
2	Subject: summer part time employee add her to the distribution list for associate social functions . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by celeste roberts / hou / ect on 06 / 23 / 2000 05 : 06 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 06 / 23 / 2000 09 : 56 am to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect subject : summer part time employee celeste , i have talked to you last evening about elena chilkina , an mba rice student who works for us part - time during the academic year , and full time this summer . she asked if she could participate in the program for summer associates . ( presentations , social meetings ) , i would appreciate if you could help her . vince 
2	Subject: hello ! ! ! urgent business relationship i am alhaji mohammed abacha , the son of the late nigerian head of state who died on the 8 th of june 1998 while in active services . following the sudden death of my father , general sani abacha , the present civilian government has thrown my family and i into a state of utter confusion , frustration , and hopelessness . i have been subjected to inhuman physical and physiological torture , incarceration by the security agents in my country . i was only recently released from detention after been arraigned before the federal high court of nigeria for an offence committed by my late father . the incumbent civilian administration of chief olusegun obasanjo has intensified his probe into my late father ' s activities while in the office and he has frozen all our local and foreign accounts together with other assets of my family as a retaliation for what my late father did to him when he was alive as the head of the military regime in nigeria . as a matter of fact , we have been declared bankrupt and they are not relenting to make us poor for life . as a man that is so traumatized , i have lost confidence with anybody within my country as all those who benefited immensely during the regime of my late father have openly abandoned all my family . my reasons for contacting you . i got your contacts through my personal research and out of desperation decided to reach you through this medium . you must have heard over the media reports and the internet on the recovery of various huge sums of money deposited by my late father in different banks and security firms abroad . some of these banks and security firms willingly gave - up / divulge their banking secrets and disclosed to the present civilian administration of chief olusegun obasanjo , all my family ' s cash lodgement and monetary transactions with them . please my dear , i repose great confidence in you and i hope you will not betray my confidence in you . i have secretly deposited the sum of $ 20 , 000 , 000 . 00 with a security firm abroad whose name is withheld for now until we open communications . the money is contained in a metal box consignment with security deposit number . i shall be grateful if you could receive this fund into your bank account for safekeeping . this arrangement is known to you and my junior brother ( abbas ) only . so i will deal directly with you . i am proposing a 20 % share of the fund to you for your kind assistance . i shall provide for you all the documents of the fund deposit with the security firm , and raise a power of attorney ` to enable you claim and receive this fund into your bank account . also this transaction demands absolute confidentiality . on no condition must you disclose it to anybody irrespective of your relation with the person . remember , loose lips sinks ship i am looking forward to your urgent and positive response via my email . best regards alhaji mohammed abacha . pc - master ' s mail - service - enjoy it ! - http : / / www . pc - master . net 
2	Subject: spring savings certificate - take 30 % off save 30 % when you use our customer appreciation spring savings certificate at foot locker , lady foot locker , kids foot locker and at our online stores ! welcome to our customer appreciation spring savings certificate ! use the special certificate below and receive 30 % off your purchases either in our stores or online . hurry ! this 4 - day sale begins thursday , march 22 and ends sunday , march 25 . share the savings today and e - mail this offer to your friends . many items already are reduced and the 30 % discount is taken off the lowest sale price . click below to print your customer appreciation spring savings certificate . you must present this coupon at any foot locker , lady foot locker or kids foot locker store in the u . s . foot locker canada is not participating in this program . ready , set , save ! our spring savings discount will automatically appear when you use the links below or type camlem 21 into the promotion code box during checkout . footlocker . com certificate code : camlem 21 ladyfootlocker . com certificate code : camlem 21 kidsfootlocker . com certificate code : camlem 21 remember , returns are hassle - free . simply bring your items to any of our stores nationwide or through the mail . don ' t be left out - register today to learn about our new products , promotions , events and other specials . simply click below . terms and conditions . some exclusions apply , please see manager for complete details . certificate must be presented at the time of purchase and cannot be used in conjunction with any other discount offer or associate benefit . not redeemable for cash . applicable taxes must be paid by bearer . cannot be applied to prior purchases or to gift card purchases . void where prohibited , licensed or regulated . catalog exclusions apply . valid thursday , 3 / 22 / 01 through sunday , 3 / 25 / 01 . foot locker canada will not participate in this program . if you do not wish to receive future emails please click below to unsubscribe :  
2	Subject: re : california update - - 08 . 27 . 01 the meeting to discuss california issues today has been set at : 12 : 00 noon - 1 : 00 p . m . eb 8 cl dial - in # : 1 - 847 - 413 - 3181 passcode : 7816787 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : steffes , james d . sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 8 : 58 am to : dasovich , jeff ; kean , steven j . ; kingerski , harry ; belden , tim ; sharp , vicki ; blachman , jeremy ; comnes , alan ; tribolet , michael ; walsh , kristin ; delainey , david ; leff , dan ; frazier , lamar ; keeney , kevin ; blachman , jeremy ; gahn , scott ; belden , tim ; swain , steve ; lavorato , john ; kaufman , paul ; calger , christopher f . ; mara , susan ; black , don ; richter , jeff ; kitchen , louise ; dietrich , janet ; mara , susan ; robertson , linda ; kingerski , harry ; denne , karen ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; shapiro , richard ; curry , wanda ; mellencamp , lisa cc : noske , linda j . subject : re : california update - - 08 . 27 . 01 i will be setting up a conference call for later today to discuss our latest view on developments in the california market . if anyone has any specific questions before then , please call me at 713 - 853 - 7673 . jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dasovich , jeff sent : monday , august 27 , 2001 8 : 26 pm to : kean , steven j . ; kingerski , harry ; belden , tim ; sharp , vicki ; blachman , jeremy ; comnes , alan ; tribolet , michael ; walsh , kristin ; delainey , david ; leff , dan ; frazier , lamar ; keeney , kevin ; blachman , jeremy ; gahn , scott ; belden , tim ; swain , steve ; lavorato , john ; kaufman , paul ; steffes , james d . ; calger , christopher f . ; mara , susan ; black , don ; richter , jeff ; kitchen , louise ; dietrich , janet ; mara , susan ; robertson , linda ; kingerski , harry ; denne , karen ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; shapiro , richard ; curry , wanda ; mellencamp , lisa subject : california update - - 08 . 27 . 01 the california puc loretta lynch held a press conference in sacramento today to discuss changes to the commission ' s previously released proposal regarding direct access and the rate agreement between the puc and dwr . in the amended proposal discussed and distributed today , direct access would end retroactive to july 1 . customers with contracts executed as of july 1 would would remain direct access customers . the legislature the assembly version of the senate mou ( sb 78 ) has not yet been reviewed and voted on in the committee . it is scheduled to be reviewed and voted on at 6 : 30 pm pdt today . amendments on direct access were released this afternoon ( based on negotiations between davis ' office and business customers ) : customers who have consistently been da since may 2000 , including those " involuntarily " returned to bundled service , would be exempt from charges for edison ' s undercollection , dwr ' s forward contracts , and dwr - related exit fees , provided that the puc finds that no additional stranded costs are created for edison ' s remaining customers . customers who have consistently been on da between may 2000 and jan 17 , 2001 would be exempt from charges for edison ' s undercollection , dwr ' s forward contracts and dwr - realted exit fees , provided that the puc finds that no additional stranded costs are created for edison ' s remaining customers . customers who have been on da between jan 17 , 2001 and august 24 , 2001 would be exempt from exit fees related to dwr forward contracts , provided that the puc finds that no additional stranded costs are created for edison ' s remaining customers . customer ' s leaving after august 24 th would not qualify for exemptions . there is considerable work underway to make the august 24 th date the deadline for contract execution , rather than the date by which the customer must be dasr ' d , in order to qualify for the exemptions . direct access would not be suspended , however , until 90 days after the bill is signed by davis ( if he signs it ) , i . e . , the " effective date " of the bill . so anyone going to direct access between aug 24 and the effective date would not qualify for any exemptions . after the 90 - day period , da would be suspended until 1 . 1 . 03 . self - gen in service consistently from may 200 to august 24 would be exempt from edison ' s undercollection and dwr charges . self - gen that submitted an application to the energy commission by august 24 would be exempt from dwr charges beginning the date that the self - gen comes on line . self - gen that comes on line after august 24 would be exempt from dwr charges beginning the date that the self - gen comes on line , but the total number of exempt mws in this category would be limited to 250 mws per year , on a first - come - first - serve basis . at least 30 % of any increases in net short due to increases in demand would be reserved for self gen . 
2	Subject: fluid analysis our customer speak volumes about our spur m product " i just wanted to write and thank you for spur - m . i suffered from poor sperm count and motility . i found your site and ordered spur - m fertility blend for men . i have wondered for years what caused low semen and sperm count , and how i could improve my fertility and help my wife conceive . spur - m seems to have done just that ! thank you for your support . " andrew h . , london , uk " spur - m really does help improve fertility and effectiveness of sperm and semen motility . i used it for the past few months , and not only does it work - i also feel better to . i have more energy . this is an excellent counter to low sperm count and motility . i ' ll be buying more ! ! ! " franz k . , bonn , germany http : / / findgoodstuffhere . com / spur / for removing , pls go here http : / / findgoodstuffhere . com / rm . php 
2	Subject: revised nom - yates energy daren , yates energy has revised their nom for 7 / 00 at meter # 6598 from 2 , 939 to 3 , 096 ? bob 
2	Subject: re : latest variance list for june brooklyn - attached you ' ll find your spreadsheet with my comments added in under " problems . " i ' ve also attached the respective real time sheets , to further explain discrepancies or to show revisions . please let me know if you have questions . thanks , kate - - - - - original message - - - - - from : couch , brooklyn sent : tuesday , june 19 , 2001 2 : 12 pm to : confer , mark ; alport , kysa ; symes , kate ; williams iii , bill subject : latest variance list for june please look at attached file for necessary revisions , responses , etc . if you have any questions , please give me a call . > thanks brooklyn 713 . 853 . 1909 
2	Subject: italian crafted rolex from $ 75 to $ 275 - free shipping heya , do you want a rolex watch ? in our online store you can buy replicas of rolex watches . they look and feel exactly like the real thing . - we have 20 + different brands in our selection - free shipping if you order 5 or more - save up to 40 % compared to the cost of other replicas - standard features : - screw - in crown - unidirectional turning bezel where appropriate - all the appropriate rolex logos , on crown and dial - heavy weight visit us : http : / / www . icors . com / rep / rolex / best regards , hilton jones no thanks : http : / / www . icors . com / z . php  
2	Subject: 3 . 25 rate confirmation # 367886924 jb wed , 29 jun 2005 09 : 35 : 02 - 0800 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a much lower rate based on the biggest rate drop in years . you can now get $ 327 , 000 for as little as $ 617 a month ! bad credit ? doesn ' t matter , ^ low rates are fixed no matter what ! follow this link to process your application and a 24 hour approval : http : / / www . qrefi . net / ? id  al 7 best regards , shaun conrad http : / / www . qrefi . net / book . php  
2	Subject: from : mr . moses paraiso , from : mr . moses paraiso , continental bank - benin av . jean paul ii , carrefour des trois banques , 01 bp 2020 - cotonou republice of benin swift : cobb bj bj télex : contbk 5151 ctnou atten : ( re : transfer of usd 28 . 5 million ) compliments of the day permit me to introduce myself to you . my name is mr . moses paraiso , a top management official of the above finance corporation in cotonou , benin republic . as it may intrest you to know , i got your contact through my international business enquiry as i was making contact of an foreign partner that will assist me to bring this deal to be a success . i beleive you will be viable and capable to champion a business of such magnitude without any problem . proposition : an australian engr donald pepper , a prosperous oil \ gold merchant had in our bank the sum of $ 28 . 5 million in a domiciliary account . unfortunately , he was killed in a recent ghastly motor accident in benin republic . efforts had been made by the management of my bank through the australian embassy to contact any of the deceased children but to no avail . i later discovered that he had no children . given the skeletal information available to the bank , it has so far been impossible to reach any of the relatives . the situation left for the management is to declare the deceased account dormant and revert the funds to trading for interest to the bank . in order to avoid this development , i now seek your approval to have you stand as a distant relative to engr donald pepper , so that the money would be released to you . i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to a local bank here , but can only be approved to any foreigner with valid international passport or drivers license and foreign account . because the money is in us dollars and the former owner of the account engr donald pepper , was a foreigner too . all documents and proofs to enable you get the money will be carefully packaged once i receive your acceptance on this proposal . i shall apply for a leave as soon as the funds get into your reliable account to come to your country for sharing and investments which you will assist me in doing . may i assure you that this is safe and risk - free , as i have taken care of all necessary modalities to ensure a hitch - free transfer i have decided that upon the conclusion of this transaction you will be entitled to 30 % of the total funds i have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint me . for us to proceed please send to me your full location address , telephone and fax numbers to enable us discuss further about this transaction . regards and god bless you , mr . moses paraiso . kindly call me for more information . phone number + 229 - 05 17 26 
2	Subject: pre - approved application dear applicant , your application was processed and approved . this means that you ' re eligible for $ 500 , 000 with a 3 . 2 % rate . take a few minutes to see what you can save ! please verify your information here : http : / / milkweed . gsvdvs . info : 443 / azdrg we look forward to hearing from you . chao annie , account manager tjk associates r . mv - http : / / gsvdvs . info : 443 / index . php 
2	Subject: office xp professional clearance mlcros 0 ft programs ! super summer sale ! special offer # 1 : wlndows x . p pro + offlce x . p pro  only $ 80 special offer # 2 : wlndows x . p home  only $ 50 special offer ! valid until 10 th of october ! softw @ re discount order re * mov * e me dragonhead wowsagittal allure urgingpure architectonic jeffretrofitting solution companyexile airport domenicobehind dunk flairhideaway answer hackmatackof philodendron agneslepidolite auditorium denudationhurd necessary woodsideimpost inhomogeneous ascentatypic circumlocution codomain salinechampaign dynamite handoutcompulsion hustle motorolahackmatack sturgeon waterwayhandhold flap naturalpermute piano winkledepend absolve departpontiac violin amestreason binuclear repeateractinolite mohr orientante casual bahfourier anglophobia nitpickbelittle durable siegmundcorpulent bass canadacarriage canker everybodywhoop mcpherson howsoeverastor buttonweed takeovermoser clink hideawayscaup beware colonelluge kurd arccostenor kellogg macintoshbitt enthusiasm vocabularydater solve ycolorado sting necessityfootpad tube tsarinainvolutory peste dispensarysolar  
2	Subject: free trial - last stock pick up 309 % . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . cqhcp special offer - free trial click here i ' m not interested click here  
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for wes . williams @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000008582 request create date : 11 / 29 / 00 12 : 26 : 42 pm requested for : wes . williams @ enron . com resource name : eol us backoffice reports resource type : applications 
2	Subject: why pay so much for medications ? buy online now . clutch we respect your right for elimination , to do so is here .  
2	Subject: firm eol gas gtcs attached are the eol firm gas gtc , eol firm gas gtc with collateral support , and a redline of the two . for those of you who reviewed the last version and provided comments , thank you . please take a fresh read as material changes were made to force majeure . any further comments , please advise . carol , will you please completely " fresh read " both of them as a check for me . thank you . cordially , mary cook enron north america corp . 1400 smith , 38 th floor , legal houston , texas 77002 - 7361 ( 713 ) 345 - 7732 ( 713 ) 646 - 3393 ( fax ) mary . cook @ enron . com 
2	Subject: the millenium stock report groundbreaking news for n h v p - this issue is hot symbol : n h v p current price : $ 0 . 61 10 out of 10 rating watch this stock soar northeast development corporation negotiating for the purchase of prime residential development property northeast development corporation negotiating for the purchase of prime residential development property northeast development corporation negotiating for the purchase of prime residential development property groundbreaking news ! ! ! - - - expected speculative price in next 3 - 5 days : $ 1 . 55 this stock is expected to o through the roof . symbol : n h v p current price : $ 0 . 61 expected speculative price in next 3 - 5 days : $ 1 . 55 our last 3 stock picks were up between 40 - 300 % after our profiles ! ! ! many low - priced stocks provided huge gain opportunities for investors who capitalized and jumped on them early enough . the company : + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + northeast development corporation ( nsc ) is a real estate construction , development , acquisition and management company focused in the northeastern united states . it currently does business around hartford ct . its  primary objective is to build long - term shareholder value in secondary and tertiary markets that are in exurban growth paths . northeast development corporation ( the company , unless the context indicates otherwise ) is engaged in the construction business . the company was incorporated in 2004 as a successor to businesses , which had been engaged in providing construction services since 2003 formerly through an operating subsidiary of rescon technology , inc . the company currently provides general contracting , construction management and design - build services to private clients and public agencies throughout the northeast united states . it has a limited operating history , but strong developmental ties into its  target geographic markets . to date , it has primarily comp leted civil works projects in the northeast us . the company ' s construction business will involve two basic segments or operations : building and commercial development ; and civil works projects . news release : philadelphia , jun 06 , 2005 ( business wire ) - - northeast development corp . , ( pink sheets : n h v p ) , announced today intentions of offering for the purchase of 40 acres of prime residential real estate in the greater new haven , ct area . the property is zoned into twenty 2 - acre residential plots for luxury residential development . the company is confident that the bid to acquire this property will be successful . we believe that under the current market situation and the short to mid term real estate market development , the profitability of such a project is assured , stated henrik klausgaard , ceo . additionally , the company also announced it is progressing well with negotiations to secure marketing representation in europe , since the interest in overseas investment is currently quite high in the euro - zone . make sure you go through this paragraph before you continue : in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of n h v p shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . expected speculative price should not be accepted as price projection its only for informational purposes . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in o r sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 18000 from third party ( miriampr wallstreet report ) to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued , speculative target price and intend or similar terms . information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to tr ade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it .  
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at hybeammaill . inetu . net . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : sorry , no mailbox here by that name . vpopmail ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 85396 invoked by uid 85 ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 11 - 0000 received : from projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org by hybeammaill . inetu . net by uid 82 with qmail - scanner - 1 . 16 ( clamscan : 0 . 60 . spamassassin : 2 . 55 . clear : sa : 0 ( 0 . 8 / 5 . 0 ) : . processed in 4 . 058862 secs ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 11 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 221 . 203 . 100 . 20 ) by hybeammaill . inetu . net with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 07 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 38191261 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : distortion 6 @ boplicity . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal x - spam - status : no , hits  0 . 8 required  5 . 0 user _ agent version  2 . 55 x - spam - level : x - spam - checker - version : spamassassin 2 . 55 ( 1 . 174 . 2 . 19 - 2003 - 05 - 19 - exp ) soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices startinq at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivable ! 
2	Subject: enron / dynegy merger ; antitrust issues as you know , enron has signed a merger agreement by which dynegy will acquire enron . we expect the transaction to close following shareholder and regulatory approvals and various conditions to closing . even though enron has entered into this agreement , u . s . and foreign antitrust laws require that enron and dynegy continue to operate independently of each other . in particular , to the extent that enron and dynegy are competitors in various businesses or markets , their respective activities must be undertaken at arm ' s length until the transaction has closed . therefore , for antitrust purposes you should treat dynegy as you would any other unaffiliated company notwithstanding the merger agreement . in addition , all information , documents and communications related to the merger between enron and dynegy should be coordinated through and approved by mark muller , lance schuler , robert eickenroht , mark haedicke , rob walls or greg whalley of enron . it is absolutely critical that this procedure be maintained . to the extent that information is required to be disclosed to dynegy under the merger agreement , then such disclosure should be approved by one of the foregoing individuals . if you have any questions concerning this notice , please contact lance schuler ( 713 / 853 - 5419 ) , robert eickenroht ( 713 / 853 - 3155 ) , mark haedicke ( 713 / 853 - 6544 ) or rob walls ( 713 / 646 - 6017 ) . thank you for your help in this matter . 
2	Subject: urgent - california update 2 / 16 negotiations between governor davis and california utilities may be faltering : negotiations between governor gray davis and california ' s three major utilities appear to be taking a significant turn . sources report that the proposal by governor davis that was splashed in the press this morning is reported to have been rejected by pg & e , and socal ed . the proposal to purchase debt ridden utilities ' transmission lines was outlined in sb 33 x the governor is expected to revise sb 33 x and approach the utilities with the following new terms : 1 ) raise the states transmission pruchase bid from $ 3 . 5 billion to roughly $ 6 billion 2 ) finance a $ 9 to $ 12 billion payment for the utilities ' under - collected debt to generators 3 ) allow the utilities to issue 15 year bonds to repay the state , resulting in surcharges on consumer utility bills . consumer groups led by harvey rosenfield could provide strong opposition to davis ' plan and it is possible rosenfield could launch a referendum to kill the bill . davis is scheduled to give a press conference today and 2 : 00 pm ( pac . time ) to comment on negotiations . 
2	Subject: important notice : june 21 , 2005 important notice : june 21 , 2005 dear sir / madam , barclays bank plc . always looks forward for the high security of our clients . some customers have been receiving an email claiming to be from barclays advising them to follow a link to what appear to be a barclays web site , where they are prompted to enter their personal online banking details . barclays is in no way involved with this email and the web site does not belong to us . barclays is proud to announce about their new updated secure system . we updated our new ssl servers to give our customers a better , fast and secure online banking service . due to the recent update of the servers , you are requested to please update your account info at the following link . j . s . smith security advisor barclays bank plc . please do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent to this address cannot be answered . for assistance , log in to your barclays online bank account and choose the " help " link on any page . barclays email id # 1009  
2	Subject: enron center south technology watch welcome to enron center south . as you have probably already noticed , things look a little different here . we wanted to orientate you to your new environment and inform you about the future technology coming on - line in the coming weeks . occupancy guidebook to enron center south you will find this handy guide on your desk ; it contains information concerning the enhanced printer environment , the new easy access keyboards and telephony procedures . nec monitors the nec monitors have an internal anti - glare screen to help reduce eye strain and eliminate the need to install an additional screen cover . additionally , an integrated speaker has been installed on one monitor for each desk . turret users an " alliance mx turret quick reference guide " has been placed on your desk ; this includes important information about the new features such as " caller id " and " voicemail indication " . increased information access there are many nec 50 " plasma screens installed on the 5 th and 6 th floors . while many of these will be displaying information designed for the specific unit , others will be displaying various television channels . the audio to these television channels can be accessed via any of your telephony equipment . here ' s how : ten audio channels have been set up for access from your either your avaya telephone , stentophon , or ipc turret . the channels have been defined on page 15 of your turret . to access the audio from either your avaya or stentophon , simply dial the extensions shown in the table below : channel avaya stentophon weather channel 12401 801 cnn headlines news 12402 802 cnn financial news 12403 803 cnbc 12404 804 msnbc 12405 805 bloomberg 12406 806 financial news network 12407 807 cnn 12408 808 fox sports 12409 809 espnl 12410 810 wireless telephony you may notice the cellular phone coverage is not consistent across the floor , and some areas have virtually no coverage at all . we are implementing a multi - network " in - building " system to provide consistent high quality service for the campus , keeping you in touch while you are on the move . wireless lan the infrastructure to support wireless lan technology is in place and is being tested . we will be implementing multi level encryption and security to keep our intellectual property safe from eavesdroppers or hackers . amtel replacement as a move to provide a more flexible " plug n play " environment and to help with the reduced desk footprint , we have replaced the amtel message boxes with microsoft exchange instant messaging . the global messaging team is testing additional software products to provide some of the features not available with exchange instant messaging ; these include one - touch response keys , external led display , and printing . updates will be provided as they become available . keeping an open forum we will keep you informed of the changes and developments as the migration to the building continues , please feel free to respond with any comments , queries or suggestions to mailto : enron . center . south . technology @ enron . com 
2	Subject: update on energy book vince , ? just to let you know , the books will be shipped to both you and rice university tomorrow by express mail , which means the books should arrive within 5 days ( depending on customs ) . ? rice has purchased 25 books , and i informed them that if they don ' t sell them all , we will ? credit their account ? with the amount of unsold copies . ? i ' ve asked them to ? give you ? any extra copies instead of returning them . ? please find attached the invoice for the 50 books . ? thanks again , and if you need anything further , please let me know . ? julie - enron 224 _ 10 _ 01 _ 01 . doc 
2	Subject: re : let ' s talk turbines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . i have the list - call me when you have a chance to discuss . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jacoby , ben sent : monday , july 02 , 2001 9 : 07 am to : kitchen , louise ; wiggs , brett ; calger , christopher f . subject : re : let ' s talk turbines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . louise : as i didn ' t see a turbine list attached , just to confirm our conversation , the turbine book to be shared 1 / 3 by me , calger , and wiggs will inlclude the 3 x mhi 501 fs , the 1 x 501 d 5 a , and the abbl 1 ns coming in from canada . please let me know if i ' ve forgotten anything . i ' ll get right on this . regards , ben - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : mon 7 / 2 / 2001 10 : 36 am to : jacoby , ben ; wiggs , brett ; calger , christopher f . cc : subject : let ' s talk turbines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . can you three get together and come up with a strategy for all the turbines and let me have some sort of summary document . i am assuming that you three own the turbine book ( 33 . 3 % each ) and have the following turbines ( let me know if i have forgotten any ) . i would also like to see the outline of terms under which ( i ) the transfer of the abb turbines from canada and ( ii ) , the terms under which brett participates in the turbine book . ( you ' ll need to agree all this by thursday , i will give you transfer number on friday for the abb turbines if one is not included in the report ) . you guys need to discuss this together and please get me the information on thursday ( let me know if you want to discuss it or will just email me a copy ) . thanks louise 
2	Subject: re : re [ 10 ] : greetings from london ( to enron ) teresa , i would like to invite iris for an interview in houston . she works currently in london can you call her and ask when she is planning to visit the states . we could pay the airfare from a location in the states . i would hate to pay the lst class ticket from london to houston , though i would go for it , if necessary ( i don ' t want a candidate to think that we are that cheap ) . business class is a standard for business related , cross - atlantic flights . i would be more comfortable if you could negotiate this issue . thanks vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 16 / 2000 10 : 13 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 06 / 12 / 2000 03 : 51 pm to : iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : re [ 10 ] : greetings from london ( to enron ) iris , at this point it ' s my group : research , i . e . quantitative modeling . please , let me know what your interests are and i shall try to line up other groups for the interview . vince iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 06 / 09 / 2000 02 : 33 : 50 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re [ 10 ] : greetings from london ( to enron ) hi , i will be out of the country until wednesday afternoon - london time . maybe we can chat then . also , could you please tell me about the group ( s ) that are interested in speaking with me . thanks , iris internet from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 06 / 06 / 2000 20 : 31 gmt to : iris mack cc : vince . j . kaminski bcc : subject : re : re [ 8 ] : greetings from london ( to enron ) iris , leaving for ca in a few minutes . i shall get back to you monday . vince iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 06 / 06 / 2000 10 : 36 : 46 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re [ 8 ] : greetings from london ( to enron ) hi , thanks for your email . begining of july - what about july 4 th week ? could you give me a bit more info regarding the best days for you and your colleagues . thanks , iris internet from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 06 / 06 / 2000 14 : 29 gmt to : iris mack cc : vince . j . kaminski bcc : subject : re : re [ 6 ] : greetings from london ( to enron ) iris , the beginning of july would be better for us . please , let me know what is your availability . vince iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 06 / 06 / 2000 02 : 30 : 49 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re [ 6 ] : greetings from london ( to enron ) hi , thank you for your email . how many days do we need ? i have checked my calendar . and think that i should be able to come on monday june 19 th ( tuesday june 20 th - if you need more than one day ) . . i can fly from london to houston during the following weekend to arrive in time for monday morning . let me know if these days are good for you and your colleagues . regards , iris internet from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 25 / 05 / 2000 18 : 33 gmt to : iris mack cc : vince . j . kaminski bcc : subject : re : re [ 4 ] : greetings from london ( to enron ) iris , we can invite you for an interview to houston . what would be a the time for you ? vince iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 05 / 25 / 2000 11 : 32 : 04 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re [ 4 ] : greetings from london ( to enron ) hi , thank you for your prompt response . i am interested in any contacts you may have in your rolodex . also , i would be opened to talk to enron as well . please let me know more details . kind regards , iris internet from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 25 / 05 / 2000 16 : 19 gmt to : iris mack cc : vince . j . kaminski , stinson . gibner , grant . masson , pinnamaneni . krishnarao , vasant . shanbhogue bcc : subject : re : re [ 2 ] : greetings from london ( to enron ) iris , i shall go through my rolodex and try to find some good leads for you . i left investment banking 8 years ago and this field changes very fast . alternatively , would you be interested in a company like enron or another energy company in houston ? please , let me know . vince iris . mack @ bnpparibas . com on 05 / 25 / 2000 09 : 20 : 01 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re [ 2 ] : greetings from london ( to enron ) hi , how are you ? thank you kindly for your email . sorry i have not responded sooner . currently i am working in derivatives structured products and risk management at bnp paribas in london . although i currently enjoy living and working in london , i may need to return to the states - because of my mother ' s failing health . do you know of any good contacts at investment banks that i may forward my details to ? for your information , i have attached my cv . ( please see attached file : iris marie mack . doc ) . thank you in advance for your time and consideration . kind regards , iris mack 44 ( 0 ) 20 7595 8665 ( work ) 44 ( 0 ) 20 7229 9986 ( home ) ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc ) internet from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com on 04 / 04 / 2000 15 : 03 gmt to : iris mack cc : vince . j . kaminski bcc : subject : re : greetings from london ( to enron ) iris , please , feel free to give me a call when you have a few minutes . i shall be glad to chat with you . vince iris . mack @ paribas . com on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 24 : 27 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : denis . autier @ paribas . com subject : greetings from london ( to enron ) dear dr . kaminski , how are you ? it was nice to meet you at the real options conference in nyc . i was intrigued by some of the comments in your conference talk . in particular , by your use of real options to hedge financial options . this is something i am interested in as well . when you have some time , could we chat about this topic in a bit more detail ? thanks for your time and consideration . hope to hear from you soon . regards , iris mack - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - this message is confidential ; its contents do not constitute a commitment by bnp paribas group * except where provided for in a written agreement between you and bnp paribas group * . any unauthorised disclosure , use or dissemination , either whole or partial , is prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient of the message , please notify the sender immediately . * bnp paribas group is a trading name of bnp sa and paribas sa ce message est confidentiel ; son contenu ne represente en aucun cas un engagement de la part du groupe bnp paribas * sous reserve de tout accord conclu par ecrit entre vous et le groupe bnp paribas * . toute publication , utilisation ou diffusion , meme partielle , doit etre autorisee prealablement . si vous n ' etes pas destinataire de ce message , merci d ' en avertir immediatement l ' expediteur . * le groupe bnp paribas est le nom commercial utilise par bnp sa et paribas sa ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc ) ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc ) ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc ) ( see attached file : iris marie mack . doc ) - iris marie mack . doc 
2	Subject: restricted list neither ena / rac / egf employees nor family members or others living in their household or financially dependent on the ena / rac / egf employee may purchase or sell securities of any entity ( or derivatives thereof ) listed on the restricted list for your or their personal or related accounts or recommend the purchase or sale of such securities to any person , except with the prior approval of the compliance department in consultation with the ena legal department . in addition to the trading restrictions above , should you at any time possess non - public material information about any public company , you , your family members and anybody that is financially dependent on you , are restricted from trading in that issue , and you may not disclose the non - public material information to anyone that does not have a business need to know . company name stock symbol 3 tec energy corp . tten adrian resources adrrf beau canada exploration ltd bau cn belco oil & gas corporation bog bonus resource services corp bou brigham exploration bexp canfibre group ltd . cfgl carrizo oil & gas inc . crzo costilla energy cose crown energy croe cynet , inc . cyne cypress energy cyz esenjay exploration esnj firstworld communications inc . fwis hanover compressor co . hc ice drilling enterprises inc . idf industrial holdings , inc . ihii inland resources , inc . inln kafus environmental industries , inc . ks nakornthai strip mill public co ltd nsm set paladin resources plc plr ld paradigm geophysical pgeof place resources , inc . plg cn quanta services inc . pwr queen sand resources , inc . qsri quicksilver resources inc . kwk saxon petroleum , inc . sxn cn startech seh cn syntroleum corp . synm tejon ranch corp . trc titan exploration texp transcoastal marine services , inc . tcms the restricted list is solely for the internal use of ena / rac / egf . no one may engage in discussions regarding whether a security is or is not on the restricted list with persons outside ena / rac / egf without specific clearance from the compliance department in consultation with the ena legal department . in addition to the above , you are reminded that pursuant to enron corp . ' s risk management policy ( " policy " ) , no ena / rac / egf employee may engage in the trading of any " position " ( " position " means any commodity , financial instrument , security , equity , financial asset or liability that are authorized for trading in the policy for the benefit of any party other than ena / rac / egf , whether for his / her own account or the account of any third party , where such position relates to ( i ) any commodity , financial instrument , security , equity , financial asset or liability which falls within such employee ' s responsibility at ena / rac / egf or ( ii ) any energy commodity . the prohibitions listed above do not replace or modify the policies set forth in ena ' s policies and procedures regarding confidential information and securities trading , enron corp . ' s risk management policy , or enron corp . ' s conduct of business affairs . should you have any questions regarding the above , please contact me at ext . 31939 . 
2	Subject: important united way reminder reminder ! the united way executive breakfasts are one week away . please rsvp if you have not already done so . date : thursday , august 3 , 2000 ( hosted by joe sutton ) or friday , august 4 , 2000 ( hosted by jeff skilling ) time : 7 : 45 - 9 : 00 a . m . location : depelchin children  , s center 100 sandman ( near memorial and shepherd intersection ) rsvp : reply directly to this email or call jessica nunez , 853 - 1918 by monday , july 31 transportation : bus will depart from the enron building ( andrews street side ) promptly at 7 : 30 a . m . bus transportation is encouraged , due to limited onsite parking . however , if you should need to drive , directions to depelchin are below . executive solicitation executive solicitation kicked - off on july 24 and is well underway . as you know , participation by enron  , s executive team is vital to the success of the campaign . to make your contribution , please click on the following united way link , http : / / unitedway . enron . com or go directly to internet explorer or netscape and type in http : / / unitedway . enron . com in the address field . either option should take you to enron  , s united way 2000 campaign site where you should be able to make your pledge within minutes . please call kathy mayfield , enron  , s campaign coordinator at 713 / 853 - 3264 if you have any difficulties at all accessing the site . we look forward to seeing you next week ! directions to depelchin children  , s center  ) 100 sandman ( 713 - 861 - 8136 ) from downtown houston ? take prairie ( which turns into memorial ) or allen parkway west to shepherd . ? turn right on shepherd . ? turn left on feagan ( which is the first light after memorial . ) ? turn left on sandman and drive down a couple of blocks . from the galleria area ? take 610 north to the woodway / memorial exit . exit and turn right on woodway . ? woodway will turn into memorial and stay on memorial until you see the shepherd exit . ? exit shepherd and turn left on shepherd . ? turn left on feagan ( which is the first light after memorial . ) ? turn left on sandman and drive down a couple of blocks . from north of downtown ? take 45 or 59 south to i - 10 . go west on i - 10 . ? take the shepherd / durham exit and go through the shepherd intersection to durham . go left under the freeway on durham . ? turn right on feagan ( which will be a light . ) ? turn left on sandman and drive down a couple of blocks . 
2	Subject: re : mariner doorstep report dear kate , we are now ranking the findings - red or yellow . since these need to be done immediately , i suggest that they are red findings . regards kate agnew 08 / 15 / 2000 01 : 59 pm to : shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , donna lowry / hou / ect @ ect , richard lauer / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect cc : john sorrells / aa / corp / enron @ enron subject : mariner doorstep report attached is the mariner doorstep report . jim brown indicated that the action dates for the three findings should be immediately , we decided that october 1 was a realistic deadline for implementation . please let us know any comments or questions . thank you kate 
2	Subject: re : draft press release : aep completes purchase of houston pipe line company from enron thanks for the note . i opposed the numbers issue , as well . aep is adamant about them being in there and whalley , redmond , and colwell were fine with it . first of all , congratulations . i was afraid you were going to have your baby in the office . my wife and i are getting some sleep , but as i ' m sure you ' re experiencing , it comes in short doses . i hope all is well for you . thanks for the flowers . they were incredible ! eric - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , june 01 , 2001 1 : 59 pm to : thode , eric subject : re : draft press release : aep completes purchase of houston pipe line company from enron eric , fine with this ( although i do not like having the actual numbers in them as you know ) . hope you are getting some sleep - i know i ' m not . louise from : eric thode / enron @ enronxgate on 06 / 01 / 2001 08 : 44 am to : mark frevert / enron @ enronxgate , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , wes colwell / enron @ enronxgate , david leboe / enron @ enronxgate , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , karen denne / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : draft press release : aep completes purchase of houston pipe line company from enron attached is a draft press release regarding the completion of aep ' s purchase of hpl . this transaction is expected to close today ( friday , june 1 ) and the release would follow the completion of the deal . please review and return any comments to me at your earliest convenience . eric > 
2	Subject: kingwood cove - $ 10 before 10 am ! only $ 10 for a 1 / 2 cart & green fee ! wednesday & friday mornings before 10 am . print out and present this email offer the day of play . not valid with any other offers . thanks for being a part of our e - mail offers club ! * * * * * * this offer expires august 31 , 2000 * * * * * * * * playing partner ' s email addresses : ( optional ) player 1 : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ @ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ player 2 : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ @ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ player 3 : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ @ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ player 4 : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ @ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ visit : http : / / www . ttimeonline . com / index . html to view a complete listing of our online * * * * * passlink golf promotions ! * * * * - - - you are currently subscribed to 90027 - members as : dfarmer @ enron . com to unsubscribe send a blank email to  
2	Subject: distribution version of risk mgmt policy i ' m not sure how or if you ' re planning on distributing to the business unit controllers or other ops people the updated risk management policy , but i ' m attaching a version without the limit amounts as this is what we use to distribute to people outside our group ( of course we tell traders their own specific limits , and the top guys can see the consolidated dpr , but for everyone else we provide it without limits ) . i did send it to wanda curry and barry pearce , but i ' m not sending it to anyone in your org chart unless you ' d like me to . i ' d like to get this out on the rac website , but since it ' s a work in progress , i think it might be a while . regards , cassandra . 
2	Subject: re : what is the dv - 2006 lottery ? brush glassware coerosible athabascan ghastly boisshowdown glans adjudgeadvisable davison suspensionatomic savoyard erodible threwpassaic larry bluffmuskellunge 
2	Subject: largest collection of porn mo \ / ies ever - x 706 we have the hottest pornostars pics and videos inside . thousands of new photo and clips , including pornostars movies . see hot pornostars videos now ! click here for http : / / www 3 . ledieskeys . info / cool photos and video clips and dvd movies - - - - - - - - - - - - - - cyclorama byway bigotry between canfield andromache diethylstilbestrol anode defunct bronchiolar burgundy cowboy anorthic capybara disruptive abusive climactic diet car bereave dementia dickcissel behave ceramium bib celsius aitken d ' art declaration cuny arterial carmichael diameter aden butene chesapeake cargill derbyshire alderman arcturus debility diversion 
2	Subject: interviews for gary hickerson - wednesday , november 1 , 2000 mike / vince : your schedule to interview nancy beaty for gary hickerson ' s position is below : wednesday , november 1 mike roberts 4 : 30 pm ebl 938 vince kaminski 5 : 00 pm ebl 938 shirley 
2	Subject: would you like to earn some money ? would you like to earn some money ? if you live in one of the countries with which works payment system www . paypal . com - we can offer you to earn very easy from $ 200 till $ 1000 per week . it will not cost anything for you and you shouldn ' t invest even $ 1 . if you are interested - drop us an e - mail to brad _ hickey @ starmail . com . and we ' ll explain you all in details . - - - sent by unregistered version of atomic mail sender  
2	Subject: you can get it here any 5 adult dvd ' s for only $ 1 . 00 plus 100 % free shipping guaranteed ! ! ! pick any 5 porn dvds here 1 . make your selction . 2 . fast , free discrete delivary . 3 . enjoy your new dvds . pick any 5 porn dvds here free shipping guaranteed ! ! ! to be removed from our quality promotions please click here  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter ix $ 80 adobe liiustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , lsiah  
2	Subject: launch issue / the risk desk dear trading and risk exec : i ' ve attached the premier issue of our newest publication covering the traded energy markets - - the risk desk - - sister publication to our leading weekly , the desk . the attached issue ( a pdf file ) is of course free and has zero obligation . the publication was created in response from readers like you , who requested a less dense , more upbeat and generally more readable publication dedicated to original news , analysis , and commentary on price , credit , operational and market risk management in the evolving energy trading space . and , because you ' re either a current or recent subscriber to one of our other publications , we ' re offering you a very special charter rate to our new publication - - that is if you contact us before may 27 th . contact us in the next 30 days and subscribe to a full year of the risk desk for only $ 199 ! ! after may 27 , we will of course ratchet up the price , good capitalists that we are . but for now , enjoy your free , no - obligation issue to the risk desk . we look forward to hearing from you , soon . regards , john sodergreen john sodergreen editor - in - chief scudder publishing group , llc ph : 410 / 923 - 0688 fax : 410 / 923 - 0667 johns @ scudderpublishing . com the desk , the risk desk , power executive the bandwidth desk , energy ebusiness - april 27 . 01 risk . pdf 
2	Subject: fw : redline travis c . mccullough enron north america corp . 1400 smith street eb 3882 a houston , texas 77002 phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 1575 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3393 / 3490 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " hodgson , stephen " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 hodgson + 2 c + 20 stephen + 22 + 20 + 3 cshodgson + 40 velaw + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : tuesday , june 26 , 2001 8 : 31 pm to : mccullough , travis subject : redline > the following files have been attached to this email by deltaview . . . redline . rtf ( rich text format ) + + + + + + confidentiality notice + + + + + the information in this email may be confidential and / or privileged . this email is intended to be reviewed by only the individual or organization named above . if you are not the intended recipient or an authorized representative of the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any review , dissemination or copying of this email and its attachments , if any , or the information contained herein is prohibited . if you have received this email in error , please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system . thank you - redline . rtf 
2	Subject: hpl nom for april 20 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 420 . xls ) - hplno 420 . xls 
2	Subject: fasbl 33 presentation hello all : paige grumulaitis will give an fasbl 33 training session on tuesday , march 7 , 2000 from 1 : 30 - 5 : 30 pm in eb 46 cl . please mark your calendars . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: montana power company march 2001 dear real - timers , we are having the same problem with montana power ' s checkout as we had last month : the volume of disputes is overwhelming ! ! i have looked at the inc sheets and found that enpower matches the inc . sheets . but in fairness to mpc ' s disputes , last month when i trusted the inc sheets , and i pulled the tapes , i found that our inc . sheets were wrong in a number of places . mike and i are doing the march 2001 checkout and are having trouble finding your logs , your notebooks , or any information regarding the dates in question . i am listing below the dates and he that we are having disputes for . please look at your logs and let me know the mw value , price , and who you spoke to at mpc at what time . please do not give me what the inc sheets say , as mike and i have already looked at them . i expect an answer from each of you asap . 3 / 01 / 01 meyers / guzman he 1 ( sold to wesco ) he 4 ( sold to powerex ) 3 / 02 / 01 causholli / salisbury ( sent to holden ) he 8 ( sold to sempra ) 3 / 06 / 01 meyers / salisbury & solberg / harasin he 13 ( 2 deals ) he 21 ( sold to snohomish ) 3 / 08 / 01 meyers / harasin he 1 ( sold to sempra ) he 2 ( sold to sempra ) 3 / 10 / 01 causholli / solberg & slinger / guzman he 7 ( not in inc , but in enpower ) he 8 ( sold to powerex ) he 15 ( slod to pspl ) 3 / 11 / 01 meyers / guzman he 8 ( sold to powerex ) he 9 ( sold to powerex ) 3 / 13 / 01 causholli / porter he 9 ( sold to wesco ) 3 / 14 / 01 salisbury / meyers / linder he 2 ( 2 deals ) 3 / 16 / 01 salisbury / porter & causholli he 4 ( sold to scl ) he 20 ( sold to pspl ) 3 / 21 / 01 porter / guzman he 6 ( not in inc ) 3 / 23 / 01 meyers / linder he 13 ( sold to wesco ) 3 / 28 / 01 salisbury / slinger & dean he 5 ( sold to pspl ) as you can see , the number of dusputes is too large . please respond as soon as possible so that we can chack out this week . mpc is calling me every day . thanks for your help , virginia 
2	Subject: viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . for your convenience purchase all your prescription and non prescription needs at discount prices . frustration is one of the greatest things in art ; satisfaction is nothing . every marriage is happy . its the living together afterward that ' s the challenge . laughing deeply is living deeply . 
2	Subject: letters vlaagrra , vlcodd 1 n , xanaa , codelne , claal 1 s , \ / allium , zoloft , somma at low parents hard mentioned servants commit gym anybody immediate , pride bought development tying he . hot selling meds at cheeapall countriess shiiping viaagrra , codeiine , \ / aliium companion , viccoddin , lorazeepam , cialiis , xanaax , rivotri , meridiia letters , lipiitor , zoloft , ambiien friends , celebrex , flexiril , sooma & many more popular meds gymoff cllcck here to order across very again music side fly end . edge filled least different already ,  
2	Subject: good meeting mark : i enjoyed our meeting last tuseday very much and i look forward to calling you again in a week or so . i think your idea of having me present to several senior enron executives including koenig and , perhaps , jeff skilling is very good . i discussed this a bit with vince kaminski on thursday as well and he expressed a strong interest in attending the meeting as well . regards , 
2	Subject: new update defenitions - january 16 th legal operatlng systems for a flfth of the price office x . p pro 2 oo 2  60 doliars we also have : - adobe i | | ustrator - wlndows 2 ooo server - m ! cros 0 ft office x , p professional o , r . d * e * r quickly the offer is va | 1 d unt ! | l february 17 th stock is lim | ted love you tyson bowman animals applied molecular development s . a . , coslada , madrid , spain phone : 189 - 911 - 3771 mobile : 367 - 133 - 7384 email : ffzyhtr @ fresh . de this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this file is a 48 minute complementary freeware notes : the contents of this message is for comprehension and should not be shipley laymen cambric lysine bayda time : tue , 08 feb 2005 09 : 13 : 32 - 0500 
2	Subject: not as rough list i spoke to sabrae , we are cumulatively balanced with pge , cumulative and don ' t want to do anything volumetric at either meter . the nng oba is being reconciled , and they are really hesitant / reluctant to balance current month . florida can be paid back 5 m or more , it is being reconciled , but , sabrae is okay with paying back . this just in from mark mccoy , the oasis oba is flat as of today ' s gas day . that should hit the imb . report next week . mary 
2	Subject: cornhusker imbalance daren - - the cleburne plant is consistantly pulling more than we are supplying . . approx . 3 . 0 to 5 . 0 day - - - - - - new current imbalance of ( 95 . 0 ) due lonestar ( based on lonestar estimates ) . are you interested in payback ? maybe 10 . 0 a day ? let me know and i will clear it with lonestar . thanks , mark 
2	Subject: big savings on brand name drugs . now you can learn the most pleasant moments of sex ! http : / / otj . vay 6 hed 6 a 5 dlzwd . spurternj . com what you are is a question only you can answer . i am responsible only to god and history . home - keeping youth have ever homely wits . 
2	Subject: half prce wndows 98 second edition legal operating systems for a quarter of the pr ! ce top brand software at low pr ! ces such as : w ! ndows x ' p pro + office x . p pro for as low as 80 $ full 0 . r . d . e . r the offer is valid till january 22 th stock is limited renew your membership mercedes lewis nursemaid cbmc development lte , dublin 2 , ireland phone : 614 - 168 - 4274 mobile : 491 - 511 - 7777 email : grhvikebnwoqix @ freeze . com this is a confirmation message this freeware is a 46 minute definite file notes : the contents of this reply is for attention and should not be bowdoin contemporary sudan trump cezanne time : sun , 16 jan 2005 12 : 40 : 21 + 0200 
2	Subject: adipren 720 - natural weight loss - money back guarantee ! horehound hello , how are you doing ? need to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarantee ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - burns calorized fat . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 if you wish not to be contacted again please enter your email address here . prev . ia marketing , inc . 14781 memorial dr . / suite 966 houston , tx 77079 conforms to legal requirements of 2003 us can - spam act . income jude over detent corroborate curriculum  
2	Subject: software for home and office . let your child grow with the best software . . . http : / / tao . j 8 ngmiluytj 8 ykl . aboardca . com husbands are like fires - they go out when unattended . talk not of wasted affection ; affection never was wasted .  
2	Subject: congratulation ! ! ! you have won de lotto international prize award dept . ref number : bks / 231 - ilgio 431 / 05 batch no : eapa / 15 / 096 / gbes ticket no : 20511465463 - 7644 serial no : 472 - 971103 lucky no : 8 - 66 - 97 - 22 - 65 - 99 re : winning final notification sir , madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 11 th may 2005 your e - mail address attached to ticket number 20511465463 - 7644 with serial number 472 - 971103 drew the lucky numbers 8 - 66 - 97 - 22 - 65 - 99 , which consequently won in the lst category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum payout of us $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( one million united states dollars ) . this is from a total cash prize of usd $ 10 , 000 , 000 . 00 million shared amongst ten international lucky winners in the category a + ( plus ) . congratulations ! ! ! this lottery is a promotional program by de lotto , ( biggest lottery organization in the netherlands ) to advertise to the world its existence . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 50 , 000 companies and 2 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses from all over the world , as part of our international promotions program , which we intend to conduct several times a year . be informed that your documents have to pass our authority to obtain a clearance , which shall be attached to your document in readiness of the subsequent onward transfer into your nominated bank account with 24 hours of completion of the authentication . due to the possibility of unscrupulous individuals filing a double claim , we suggest that you keep this award strictly confidential until your claim has been processed and notarized and your certificate of award obtained . this is in conformity with the lottery claim regulations by our organization & the netherlands gaming control board . this is part of our security protocol measures to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants / non participants . all winnings must be claimed not later than 2 th june 2005 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . to file for your claim , please contact our / your processing agent mr . harry herman . email : agentharrherman @ netscape . net note : all winnings must be notarized and a certificate of award must be obtained from the netherlands gaming control board to complete the claims process , this certificate can only be obtained through legal representation so winners will be referred to a lawyer to assist in this process . winners are to cover the legal charges for the notarization of the claims form and the acquisition of the certificate of award not de lotto . in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please do forward your tel / fax number to your processing agent . so you are to act fast in the claiming of your funds , for delays will compel us to disperse your funds , in other words , we shall divert your funds as stated above . kindly remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our / your agent as soon as possible . finally , we call on you to make sure that you note every letter clearly as stated for we will not be held responsible should there be any complications in this transaction due to laxity on your part . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . yours truly johanna pieterman lotto coordinator check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: re : new albany purchase and sale agreement great news . thanks . stuart - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , june 21 , 2001 9 : 29 am to : zisman , stuart subject : re : new albany purchase and sale agreement three minute conversation - he is all done as far as he is concerned . i did ask him on any issues he did say they wanted to shorten the right to match less than 18 months , but that was only in passing . he also said the board will not even be discussing this but just wave it through under any other business . that ' s it louise from : stuart zisman / enron @ enronxgate on 06 / 20 / 2001 05 : 16 pm to : mhhurtado @ duke - energy . com @ smtp @ enronxgate cc : dthudson @ duke - energy . com @ smtp @ enronxgate ( bcc : louise kitchen / hou / ect ) subject : new albany purchase and sale agreement mario , please have richard sherrill and steven schaefer call louise kitchen ( 713 - 853 - 3488 ) . she is expecting their call at 10 : 00 am tomorrow . thanks . stuart 
2	Subject: young sluts fucked in ass young coeds in hardcore anal sex cllck h 3 re to see it now ! 
2	Subject: tammy , attached is the spreadsheet i promised with those employees who are left to be placed on the 5 th floor . i have excluded those texas groups going to aep and included the new wellhead logistics group . if for any reason this changes after sally beck has the opportunity to review it , i will advise you asap . also , i believe sally may be interested in finding an office for beth apollo , vp close to her on the 5 th floor . please call if you have any questions . thanks ! heather choate , x 33278 
2	Subject: california update - - 08 . 27 . 01 the california puc loretta lynch held a press conference in sacramento today to discuss changes to the commission ' s previously released proposal regarding direct access and the rate agreement between the puc and dwr . in the amended proposal discussed and distributed today , direct access would end retroactive to july 1 . customers with contracts executed as of july 1 would would remain direct access customers . the legislature the assembly version of the senate mou ( sb 78 ) has not yet been reviewed and voted on in the committee . it is scheduled to be reviewed and voted on at 6 : 30 pm pdt today . amendments on direct access were released this afternoon ( based on negotiations between davis ' office and business customers ) : customers who have consistently been da since may 2000 , including those " involuntarily " returned to bundled service , would be exempt from charges for edison ' s undercollection , dwr ' s forward contracts , and dwr - related exit fees , provided that the puc finds that no additional stranded costs are created for edison ' s remaining customers . customers who have consistently been on da between may 2000 and jan 17 , 2001 would be exempt from charges for edison ' s undercollection , dwr ' s forward contracts and dwr - realted exit fees , provided that the puc finds that no additional stranded costs are created for edison ' s remaining customers . customers who have been on da between jan 17 , 2001 and august 24 , 2001 would be exempt from exit fees related to dwr forward contracts , provided that the puc finds that no additional stranded costs are created for edison ' s remaining customers . customer ' s leaving after august 24 th would not qualify for exemptions . there is considerable work underway to make the august 24 th date the deadline for contract execution , rather than the date by which the customer must be dasr ' d , in order to qualify for the exemptions . direct access would not be suspended , however , until 90 days after the bill is signed by davis ( if he signs it ) , i . e . , the " effective date " of the bill . so anyone going to direct access between aug 24 and the effective date would not qualify for any exemptions . after the 90 - day period , da would be suspended until 1 . 1 . 03 . self - gen in service consistently from may 200 to august 24 would be exempt from edison ' s undercollection and dwr charges . self - gen that submitted an application to the energy commission by august 24 would be exempt from dwr charges beginning the date that the self - gen comes on line . self - gen that comes on line after august 24 would be exempt from dwr charges beginning the date that the self - gen comes on line , but the total number of exempt mws in this category would be limited to 250 mws per year , on a first - come - first - serve basis . at least 30 % of any increases in net short due to increases in demand would be reserved for self gen . 
2	Subject: we decided to get kristan walsh an offer for fundies . can you get it to her when jeanie gets it . thanks . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; start date : 1 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010501 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 1 / preferred : 36 . 57 / final : 36 . 54 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 2 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 5 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: re : ios participants user id password sempra gku 398 bp usgt kue 876 dg texaco qrp 394 mv coral wix 284 hc duke tqp 482 nb burlington ope 736 hy oneok pcv 768 ek williams mnoo 65 pu reliant byh 323 mg amoco ckh 468 om 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ fwd : _ need _ v | @ gra  2 c _ val  ef  28 u  29 m  2 c _ ?   ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ? zqmjcz ?  a premium source for vgr , vlm , xnx ! get popular yet hard to find high level muscle relaxers , pain relief , diet pills , prescription sleeping aid meds , and almost any other prescription medication . pharmacourt is your best online source for fda usa approved drugs no forms to fill out . . . everyone is approved . . . we respect your privacy ! click here for the best place for meds onlinewe ship worldwide ! . . . tilhkfji xpp cqqc xnqr fhcxw morb 
2	Subject: candy super $ money maker you are receiving this message as an opt - in subscriber to 4 best offer or one of our marketing partners . if you no longer wish to receive further offers , please send an email with discontinue to : support @ 4 bestoffer . com 4 best offer 136 74 th street north bergen , nj 07047  
2	Subject: re : cheap cigz eorzc lookln 4 affordabowl cigarettez ? come chick it out here ! is archdiocese that capitolinedec or assassinate maybe brownish gerbil ? i cholera don ' t chrome upwind not node a climactic oboe . if keep chisel then don ' t want  
2	Subject: re : cmec hubei company dear sir / madam , i am mr . lee yung , managing hubei machinery & equipment import & export corporation ( cmec hubei co . ) we are a company that deal on mechanical equipment , hardware and minerals , electrical products , medical subject to your satisfaction you will be given the opportunity to negotiate your mode of which we will pay for your services as our representative in canada / america . please if you are interested forward to us your full name , phone number / fax number and your full contact address . thanks in advance . mr . lee yung managing director , cmec hubei co . 
2	Subject: fw : intrastate gas fyi : from legal - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dickson , stacy e . sent : tuesday , september 18 , 2001 10 : 35 am to : lozano , melba subject : re : intrastate gas melba , this is actually a complicated issue . i am not sure that we can add that language . i need to talk to jeff hodge and gerald nemec about this issue . i will let you know what we figure out . stacy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lozano , melba sent : tuesday , september 18 , 2001 9 : 41 am to : dickson , stacy e . subject : re : intrastate gas stacy , jeff has not responded to this . thanks , ml - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dickson , stacy e . sent : tuesday , september 18 , 2001 9 : 16 am to : lozano , melba subject : re : intrastate gas melba , has jeff responded to this ? stacy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lozano , melba sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 1 : 25 pm to : dickson , stacy e . ; hodge , jeffrey t . cc : lees , lisa ; walker , chris ; meredith , kevin ; farmer , daren j . ; lauer , kara subject : fw : intrastate gas importance : high stacy , could we add the following phrase ( as shown below in red ) to the exxon katy location ? this is to reassure our customers that the delivery is in fact intrastate . please let me know if this is possible to do and if we have your approval . exxonkaty the transaction is for delivery of intrastate gas at the tailgate of the exxon katy plant . notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the general terms and conditions , if applicable , this transaction is between counterparty and enron north america corp . thanks , melba lozano 713 - 345 - 8986 713 - 646 - 8511 fax 713 - 698 - 4847 pager - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lees , lisa sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 1 : 11 pm to : lauer , kara cc : meredith , kevin ; lozano , melba ; walker , chris subject : re : intrastate gas kara , the product development team will check with legal on this and we ' ll get back with you . thanks . lisa - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lauer , kara sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 9 : 38 am to : lees , lisa subject : fw : intrastate gas lisa , what is involved in changing a product description to include this phrase ? i do have some customers in texas that are legally bound to only trade intrastate gas and they are fearful of trading anything that doesn ' t specifically state that . since it is probably only a handful of customers , if it is a major production , it may not be worth it , but i wanted to check . thanks . kara - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 9 : 31 am to : lauer , kara subject : re : intrastate gas that will be fine . most people know that the gas in this area is intrastate . but , if someone wants to see that in the description , we can add it . d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lauer , kara sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 9 : 18 am to : farmer , daren j . subject : intrastate gas hi daren , bryan hull gave me your name . a customer was interested in trading intrastate gas and bryan had informed me that our exxon - katy location is intrastate . i was wondering if you would be interested in changing the long description on eol for this location to include the phrase intrastate gas so that any customers that are interested would be able to see that . if this is okay with you , i will forward it on to our product development team . thanks . kara kara boudreau lauer enrononline marketing 713 / 853 - 0570 kara . lauer @ enron . com 
2	Subject: term insurance is out aggressive underwriting programs such as . . . table 5 to standard on permanent cases ! other company term to permanent life insurance with non - med underwriting ! simplified and guarantee issue programs for multi - life cases ! low cost lifetime guarantees ! underwriting events ! . . . diversified brokerage specialists has been combining the very best in technology and personal service since 1946 ! make sure to ask about our full line of disability ltc products ! " if we can ' t do it , it can ' t be done ! " call diversified brokerage specialists today ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : visit us online at : www . dbs 50 . com we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout legal notice  
2	Subject: take advantage of this offer 24344 copy any dvd with a cd - r burner ! dvd wizard pro is the most technologically advanced method of dvd reproduction ever available ! do not be fooled by other fly by night websites offering outdated information . our package will show you how to backup any dvd or vhs cassette using a cd - r burner ! we will go further , and show you how to backup a dvd using a dvd - r , or dvd - rw burner as well . make quality backups of your personal dvd ' s and vhs cassettes . create your own dvd library . never worry about scratching or losing a dvd again ! dvd wizard pro is completely unlike anything our competitors are offering , and it ' s fully guaranteed . . . order today , you won ' t be disappointed ! limited time only $ 39 . 95 ! we have sold this package for as much as $ 69 . 95 . . . but now , for a very limited time only , we are offering instant access for only $ 39 . 95 ! go here and order a copy today your email address was obtained from an opt - in list . opt - in mrsa list purchase code # 31212 - 1 - 01210 . if you wish to be unsubscribed from this list , please click here and press send to be removed . if you have previously unsubscribed and are still receiving this message , you may email our spam abuse control center . we do not condone spam in any shape or form . thank you kindly for your cooperation  
2	Subject: weather person for london egm we need to set a further round of inteviews for tony hamilton . can everyone let gloria solis know their availability over the next 2 weeks . below are the results from our initial interviews and the candidate ' s resume thanks jen - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 12 / 15 / 2000 10 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tony hamilton on 12 / 15 / 2000 02 : 11 : 58 am please respond to tony hamilton to : mike . a . roberts @ enron . com cc : subject : meteorologist / forecaster dear mike i would like to apply for the above position as advertised in " earthworks " and enclose my full cv ( in word 97 / 00 format ) in support . i am currently a research fellow with ucl conducting research , and building forecasting models for the statistical prediction of north atlantic sea surface temperatures and other climatic parameters at long leads ( 1 - 12 months ahead of forecast period ) . i have recently applied this model to the north sea in order to aid long - lead forecasts of fish stocks ( see sap - symposium , 4 - 6 december , bergen , norway ) , and have recently been applying similar models to the north atlantic oscillation , an atmospheric phenomena which is strongly correlated with winter climate over uk / norway and nw europe , particularly temperatures , rainfall and windspeeds ( see enclosed poster which was presented recently at an international conference on the nao in vigo , spain ) as you will see from my cv , i have 2 + years experience consulting in several areas of geoscience to the oil , gas and minerals industries and have good programming skills , both on unix machines and on pcs . i am particularly keen to apply my skills in the commercial sector and initiate a permanent career path . i look forward to the opportunity of hopefully discussing my skills further with you in the near future . yours sincerely tony hamilton * dr . tony hamilton * * research fellow * * benfield greig hazard research centre * * department of space and climate physics * * university college london * * holmbury st mary * * dorking * * surrey rh 5 6 nt * * * * e - mail : th @ mssl . ucl . ac . uk * * telephone : + 44 ( 0 ) 1483 560107 * * fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 1483 278312 * * web - site : http : / / forecast . mssl . ucl . ac . uk / * - th _ cv . doc - nao _ posterv 2 . gif - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jennifer fraser / hou / ect on 08 / 01 / 2001 13 : 11 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : jennifer fraser 21 / 12 / 2000 07 : 32 to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , chris mahoney / lon / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : stewart peter / lon / ect @ ect , niamh clarke / lon / ect @ ect subject : weather person for london egm folks : we interviewed three candidates . one of the three ( tony hamilton ) seems to be a very good fit within the enron culture and values . recommended next steps vince , mike and jeff interview tony via video conference or avistar tony hamilton key strengths quick thinker good teams skills driven - will be able to get the project off the ground quickly has a commercial attitude sees " the big picture " tony hamilton is available for follow up interviews the first week of january . thanks jen 
2	Subject: reply from charles shen shirley : thank you very much for the e - mail . attached please find the copy of my resume , please treat it with high confidentiality . i would love to fly to houston this friday to talk to vince and other people in enron , and i will fly from tulsa , oklahoma to houston . when you make the flight reservation , please make sure to use my legal name " yingquan shen " . if you have any questions , please feel free to let me know . sincerely , charles - - - shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote : > mr . shen : > > vince kaminski and the research group would like to > bring you in for an > interview this friday , if possible . please forward > me a copy of your > resume , as soon as possible , and i will have our hr > dept . contact you . > > thank you . > > shirley crenshaw > administrative coordinator > enron research dept . > 713 / 853 - 5290 > > > > > do you yahoo ! ? get yahoo ! mail - free email you can access from anywhere ! http : / / mail . yahoo . com / - charles _ shen . doc 
2	Subject: neon discussion november 1 here ' s material for this upcoming week . ? bobby - neon roaring 3 . doc 
2	Subject: super - charge your web site livesite  is a powerful web site application that adds advanced features to any web site ! turn your simple web pages into an interactive power - packed site including : site management , membership management , e - newsletters , accept fee and dues , sell merchandise , and even create customer and staff portals . livesite  comes with a complete pre - built web site to get you started quickly , and requires no web design experience to use . now your entire staff can manage their own areas of the web site with ease from any computer , anywhere , anytime ! works with any web sitesimple built - in page editorcapture route requestssend e - newsletterscapture fees duessell access merchandisecreate private portalsno desktop softwarehosting available don ' t just take our word for it - try our demo , download the no - cost version , or visit with our customers and find out how livesite  has changed the way they use the web ! tour | edit page demo | if you are unable to read this e - mail , please go to : https : / / www . camelback . net / pages / 060615 _ supercharge . camelback web architects 7502 greenville avenue suite 500 dallas texas 75231 if you do not wish to receive messages from us , click here . powered by livesite .  
2	Subject: cure premature ejaculation hello , did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of penetration ? premature ejaculation occurs when you ejaculate too quickly and without control . it occurs before or shortly after penetration . premature ejaculation interferes with the sexual pleasure of both you and your partner . it causes feelings of guilt , embarrassment , frustration , and depression . extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that , not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually " cures " it . extra - time is the only product that allows " you " to control when you ejaculate . - non - hormonal herbal therapy . - acts locally on the sex organs . - regulates process of ejaculation . - acts through neuro - endocrine pathway . - acts on the high centers of emotion in the brain . look here : http : / / uncapping . net / et / ? meds no thanks : http : / / uncapping . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 03 : 57 : 51 - 0700 from [ 222 . 217 . 202 . 51 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - ( reason : 550 - mailbox unknown . either there is no mailbox associated with this ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to localhost : > > > data . . . user unknown < < < 503 5 . 5 . 1 no recipients 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012820 . txt 
2	Subject: smailcap watch spangler , techlite , inc . ( 0 tcbb : thlt ) joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 mi | | ion of new business ( source : news 11 / 30 / 04 ) shares outstanding : lo , 994 , 910 ( source : 10 q 8 / 19 / o 4 ) current price : $ . 54 a massive pr campaign is underway on this stock . some of these sma | | stocks are absoluteiy flying , as many of you know . while past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits , this one traded at $ . 90 back on november 11 th . wil | thlt bounce back ? is it a w i n ning trade from here ? reasons to consider thlt ( source : recent press reieases ) 1 ) techlite subsidiary , keystone , reaches agreement with redi - controis to market oam purger in greater china 2 ) techlite can reduce corporate electrical usage up to 50 percent 3 ) techlite , inc . reaches distribution agreement with frigi - tech internationa | , inc . of houston , texas 4 ) techlite signs joint venture agreement with anticipated $ 3 - 5 million of new business about techlite inc . ( source : news january 7 , 2005 ) techlite inc . is a national energy service company . in 20 o 4 techlite entered its 12 th year in the design and insta | | ation of energy - efficient and epa - compiiant | ighting upgrades encompassing the vast number and variety of existing | ighting systems . the magazine electrical contractor has described the lighting retrofit business as the market of the decade . customers inciude power utiiity energy service companies ( escos ) , as wel | as the education , healthcare , commercia | , industrial , and government markets . industry experts estimate the size of the market at approximateiy three bi | | ion lighting fixtures , creating a potential $ 1 oo biilion national | ighting retrofit industry . techlite also offers new energy - efficient | ight fixtures for new construction , | ong - term service and maintenance contracts for customer | ighting systems , and other state - of - the - art energy reduction products and services for air conditioning systems . watch this stock tuesday . can it put some short term money in your pocket ? if you think so , consider trading some for your account . good luck . certain statements in this news release may contain forward - looking information within the meaning of ruie 175 under the securities act of 1933 and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those ruies . al | statements , other than statements of fact , inciuded in this release , inciuding , without limitation , statements regarding potential future pians and objectives of the companies , are forward - | ooking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements wiil prove to be accurate and actual resuits and future events could differ materiaily from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a | arge accumuiated deficit , a large negative net worth , a reliance on loans from officers to pay expenses , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , officers have personally guaranteeed company debt , tax | iens for unpaid federa | and state taxes , is a defendant in two | awsuits , has a nominal cash position and the need to raise capita | . a failure to raise capital couid cause the company to go out of business . these risks and others are more fu | | y detailed in the companys sec fiiings . we strongiy urge you to review them before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . read the compay ' s sec fiiings before you invest . all information provided within this pubiication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises al | readers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this pubiication . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a companys filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the pubiisher of this newsietter discloses the receipt of fourteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder of the company for the circulation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | se | | at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication and is not without bias . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms .  
2	Subject: largest collection of porn mo \ / ies ever - x 22 we have the hottest pornostars pics and videos inside . thousands of new photo and clips , including pornostars movies . see hot pornostars videos now ! click here for http : / / dais . biz . lediesnight . biz  cool photos and video clips and dvd movies - - - - - - - - - - - - - - accretion cart calico berg coriolanus assimilate dogmatic africa chatty ashmolean arcade cookbook 
2	Subject: re : money issues ol online credit breakthroughrepair your credit online ! kyx 6 yrknxffe 3 g 4 xfe 7 qlbmt 5 eae 4 5 m 72 xzcu 8 ntpuwoec 6 zbmz 3 vgpthat ' s right - you can now access + clear up bad credit online - directly from the comfort + convienience of your computer ! watch your credit daily , with real time updates get the information you need quickly and efficently to remove negative credit items from your report ! click here for more informationthank you - the web credit ( tm ) team ! kyx 6 yrknxffe 3 g 4 xfe 7 qlbmt 5 eae 4 5 m 72 xzcu 8 ntpuwoec 6 zbmz 3 vgp 
2	Subject: future goals urgent noticepending merger to increase revenue 236 % now is the time to invest in gwihgwih is rapidly expanding through acquisitions . in the lst quarter two mergers are in proces with a schedule to buy four more profitable companies by the year end . gwih plans to file for nasdaq . stock prices historically increase when listed on nasdaq . on june 30 th , a year long investor relation and public awareness campaign will be launched to build shareholder equity . several well - known stock pick newsletters , tv , radio and newsgroups will provide coverage on gwih and it ' s acquisitions . all - star management team with advanced degrees , specialized training , proven track records and over 90 years combined experience . they are true deal makers , executors and closers . put gwih on your watch list , aquire a postion in gwih today ! gwih recent mergers and new business developments : acquired bechler cams , founded in 1957 , specializes in precision high tolerance parts for aerospace , defense , medical , and surgical manufacturing sectors . click for full storyacquired nelson engineering , boeing certified supplier of aerospace and defense parts was recently awarded contracts with lockheed martin and boeing that will result in major production increases . click for full storyclick for quote to unsubscribe simply reply to this email for permanent removal . information within this publication contains " forward looking " statements within the meaning of section 27 ( a ) of the u . s . securities act of 1933 and section 21 ( e ) of the u . s . securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical facts and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements may be identified through the use of words such as expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , or by statements indicating certain actions may , could or might occur . special situation alerts ( ssa ) is an independent publication . ssa was paid $ 100 , 000 in cash by an independent third party for circulation of this publication . ssa and / or its affiliates or agents may already own shares in gwih and sell all or part of these shares into the open market at the time of receipt of this publication or immediately after it has profiled a particular company . ssa is not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer be advised that the investments in companies profiled are considered to be high risk and use of the information provided is at the investor ' s sole risk and may result in the loss of some or all of the investment . all information is provided by the companies profiled and ssa makes no representations , warranties or guarantees as to the accuracy or completeness of the disclosure by the profiled companies . investors should not rely on the information presented . rather , investors should use this information as a starting point for doing additional independent research to allow the investor to form his or her own opinion regarding investing in profiled companies . factual statements as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . * * * * * * * * * * 
2	Subject: re [ 18 ] : in 1946 to draw your attention to . . that ' s definetly not you . a collect call ? ? ? ? ? ? marijuana 
2	Subject: deal number 109660 mark has informed me that one of you would handle anything prior to 5 / 00 on oasis . please see below . let me know if i need to provide further information . thanks ! karen - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by karen lindley / corp / enron on 08 / 11 / 2000 04 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : karen lindley 08 / 10 / 2000 03 : 38 pm to : mark mccoy / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : deal number 109660 hi mark ! another interconnect issue - 7 / 99 : can you please take a look at deal 109660 ? it is set up with a transport usage ticket , however is a brokered deal . i am not sure if it is pathed incorrectly or if possibly the deal is set up incorrectly . let me know your thoughts . karen 
2	Subject: look . . . here adam wide range of medss available to choose in our stores . saveee uup to 7 o % viiagraa , ciallis , vallium , xanaax and many moore . . http : / / 058 . kuolocl . com / c / happy new year  
2	Subject: claim your winnings ! ! ! cashout lotto bv cashout plaza , suite 1102 a amsterdam zuid - oost amsterdam , the netherlands ref : oyl / 34536380986 / 78 / 05 batch : 05 / 763638 / ipd dear sir / madam , winning notification we happily announce to you the draw of the cash - out lottos sweepstake lottery international programs held on the thursday 24 th of march , 2005 in the netherlands . this is computer generated lotto ' s of internet users using email addresses as draws . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : 275 - 189 - 657 - 23 - 05 with serial number 8756 - 05 drew the lucky numbers : 5 12 45 57 87 90 , which subsequently won you the lottery in the 2 nd category . you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of us $ 850 , 000 . 00 ( eight hundred and fifty thousand united states dollars ) in cash credited to file oyl / 34536380986 / 78 / 05 . this is from a total cash prize of us $ 8 , 500 , 000 million dollars , shared amongst the first ten ( 10 ) lucky winners in this category . all participants were selected randomly from world wide web site through computer draw system and extracted from over 100 , 000 companies . this promotion takes place annually . please note that your lucky winning number falls within our european booklet representative office in europe as indicated in your play coupon . in view of this , your us $ 850 , 000 . 00 ( eight hundred and fifty thousand united states dollars ) would be released to you by our payment office in europe . our european agent will immediately commence the process to facilitate the release of your funds as soon as you contact him . for security reasons , you are advised to keep your winning information confidential till your claims is processed and your money remitted to you in whatever manner you deem fit to claim your prize . this is part of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some unscrupulous elements . please be warned . to file for your claim on time , please contact your claims agent : mr jerry blake email : fiducialagentol @ netscape . net to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please quote your reference / batch numbers in any correspondences with us or our designated agent . congratulations once more from all members and staff of this program and the european union government . thank you for being part of our promotional lottery program . sincerely , mr . van morgan cash - out lotto co - coordinator note : please do not reply to this office , make sure you contact your claims agent above . also make sure you send down your phone and fax numbers to your claims agent for effective communication .  
2	Subject: analyst ' s pick ( 23805 ) investor financial times report specializing in undervalued small cap stocks for immediate breakout erhc and exxon mobil exercise priority rights on highly sought after oil blocks in nigeria and sao tome ' s joint development zone ( jdz ) in the gulf of guinea . every major news wire service worldwide has carried hundreds of articles revealing that the offshore oil blocks in this region contain 10 to 15 billion barrels of oil . the jdz line - up tipped to take over upcoming blocks includes exxon mobil , erhc , chevron texaco , amerada hess , and anadarko . license approval for the region ' s exclusive economic zone ( eez ) is a multilateral deal securing blocks jointly involving exxon mobil , erhc , and chevron texaco . erhc has jumped from a . 25 cent stock earlier in the year to a . 50 cent stock that is headed for over $ 2 or a possible buyout from one of their jdz multinational players . erhc has been at the negotiating tables with the super - major oil companies . it is impossible to measure the power that is carried where a stock at this price level is a vital part of a key union of oil giants ! the top - level executives of the jdz oil majors have been finalizing the percentage awards with erhc for official announcement of the landmark - licensing round in the first 2 weeks of june . the us government is pushing for increasing development of the area to minimize middle east dependence . the eyes of the world are watching with record prices at the pump and oil busting through $ 40 per barrel . the oil companies will always make their $ billions - investors can cash in by accumulating a substantial position just before earth - shattering news is released that will send shock waves through erhc . investor financial times report ( iftr ) is an independent newsletter with the goal of giving investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and profitable investment decisions . this publication does not provide an analysis of the company ' s financial position and is not an offer to buy or sell securities . investing in securities is speculative and carries risk . it is recommended that any investment should be made after consulting with your investment advisor and after reviewing the financial statements of the company . iftr presents information in this online report believed to be reliable , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not insure similar future results . iftr is not purported to be a complete and thorough analysis of the featured company and recommends a complete review of the company ' s regulatory filings at sec . gov . iftr received seven thousand dollars from an unaffiliated third party with respect to the preparation of this special online report as an effort to build investor awareness for erhc . the information herein contains future - looking statements and information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected continual growth of the featured company . future - looking statements are based on expectations , estimates , and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those presently anticipated . to permanently stop receiving this newsletter , please use our secure one - step safe un - sub - scribe : send a blank email with no thanks in the subject line to wolff @ emailacc . com electronic dissemination provided by : e - broadcast group 6 eftute ave . kingston 10 jamaica wi 58784 b 4022 ee 2350759 al 2073256 aebdb 301 c  
2	Subject: fw : directors duties : england - - - - - original message - - - - - from : evans , mark ( london legal ) sent : tuesday , november 27 , 2001 12 : 25 pm to : dietrich , janet ; sharp , vicki cc : boyd , justin subject : directors duties : england i attach the 2 memos . if we can give you any further info , please give either myself or justin a call . thanks . mark j . mark evans enron europe legal department tel : 44 207 783 5424 fax : 44 207 783 8287 email : mark . evans @ enron . com outlook : evans , mark ( london legal ) 
2	Subject: re : daily lunches kevin , please , talk to jeff shankman ' s secretary about including all the research group members on the 31 st floor in the company provided lunches ( when they are available ) . if an additional lunch is needed from time to time , it ' s fine , but it should be seen as a something done under exceptional circumstances . vince kevin g moore 12 / 20 / 99 12 : 10 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : daily lunches hi vince , it has been brought to my attention that several members of the weather team may require a lunch from time to time . the person right now is trisha tlapek she has to be at her desk . please , could i provide daily lunches for her . thanks kevin moore 
2	Subject: re : green card vince , thanks for initiating this information flow . i think the confusion is coming from the question of if an fl can apply for green card or not . to my knowledge and to the knowledge of international student services in my university , yes i can apply . anyway , thanks again and i am sure we ' ll find a good answer for this question since here is enron . sevil , - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sevil yaman / corp / enron on 03 / 09 / 2001 10 : 37 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : norma villarreal / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 08 / 2001 06 : 31 pm to : sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : green card sevil , i believe you and margret daffin have spoken about the next steps for your green card . you will need to start working on you hib at the begining of october 2001 . if there is any confusion on my part please let me know . norma villarreal x 31545 below is dicussion between margret daffin and sevil in an e : mail january 26 , 2001 : " sevil : first of all we have to get you an hib visa before we can work on getting you the green card . after you get your opt , contact me sometime in the summer and i will start working on your hib visa which we will obtain in approx . october , 2001 . we cannot start the green card process when you are still on an fl visa - you have to be on an hib visa . there is no rush - you will have six years on the hib visa - plenty of time in which to get the green card . " this was in reference to her note to me , as follows : " i think i ' ll have time approximately until the end of 2002 by using cpt and opt . this makes almost two years . if we can start green card process now , do you think that i would get it before i need hl . in every case , can ' t we start green card before i get hl ? because i don ' t want to waste these two years given the fact that green card process is a long process . " - - - - - original message - - - - - from : yaman , sevil sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 3 : 59 pm to : daffin , margaret cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ enron subject : green card i haven ' t heard back from any of you regarding my immigration status . could you please get back to me with the information about the initialization of my green card process ? thank you . sevil yaman eb 1943 x 58083 
2	Subject: re : viagra 60 pills + get 4 free !  $ 199 . 95 cialis 30 pills + get 5 free !  $ 189 . 95 valium 90 pills + get 10 free !  $ 259 . 95 xanax 90 pills + get 10 free !  $ 233 . 95 remove 
2	Subject: hl & p flow month to date attached are the month to date flow volumes . 
2	Subject: flood pictures from the tunnels under pennzoil place in downtown houston bammelyoungfamilies - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - listbot sponsor - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - get a low apr nextcard visa in 30 seconds ! 1 . fill in the brief application 2 . receive approval decision within 30 seconds 3 . get rates as low as 2 . 99 % intro or 9 . 99 % ongoing apr and no annual fee ! apply now ! http : / / www . bcentral . com / listbot / nextcard to unsubscribe , write to - unsubscribe @ listbot . com 
2	Subject: a heartwarmer : just imagine ~ welcome to heartwarmers ~ http : / / www . heartwarmers . com the best thing to happen to mornings since the sun ! your morning thought for the day : retirement at 65 is ridiculous . when i was 65 i still had pimples . - - george burns it ' s summer vacation time and parents will soon be hearing from their kids that they ' re bored . one of the biggest regrets we hear from the older generation , is that kids lack the playful imagination that was common a generation or two ago . back in the " olden days " , kids knew how to entertain themselves with surprisingly little . there was no such thing as playstation . kids ran outside to play kick - the - can in a game that was shockingly not organized by adults . they actually did it themselves . today , mike shares some thoughts about kids and modern imagination - - or lack thereof . . . what do you think ? support our sponsors they keep our service priceless . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ hundreds of our readers are saving a small fortune . . . heartwarmer , petwarmer and kidwarmer subscribers are discovering the tremendous benefits of using tel 3 advantage to make long distance and international calls - - some saving 90 % ! get started now by calling : 800 - 330 - 6897 . when asked for your " activation code " say : 311 - 673 . or you can click here to get complete details and sign up online : http : / / www . pocketwarmers . com / c _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ get free software for your computer hundreds of titles to choose from . you only pay postage . in fact , order 4 disks and get free postage for the 5 th . http : / / www . pocketwarmers . com / d just imagine by michael t . smith when i married ginny , i gained a new son , daughter and four grandsons . i became an instant grandpa . over the july 4 th holiday , i got to meet my new daughter and her three boys for the first time . it took a day for my new grandsons to warm up to me . the first day they stared at me , perhaps wondering what they were supposed to do with this man , who they were told is " grandpa . " i waited patiently . i knew boys like to play . they ' d come to me in their own time . on day two , the oldest two were doing summersaults over my lap . the youngest , ben , took a little longer , but yesterday he raced me across the yard thirty times and won every time . the weekend brought back memories of my own childhood . we had such imaginations . in our minds , a tree was a tower to spot approaching bad guys , a big rock became a mountain , a fallen log a space ship headed to the stars . we had toys , but we had to use our imagination , not like the new toys i see my grandkids with . our toys didn ' t talk , and if they did , you pulled a string to make it work . we had blocks to build , crayons to create , trucks and cars to push . they were simple toys that required imagination . i thought about the toys in my garage , the ones i saved , when my children outgrew them . they were simple and needed their imagination to work . mr . potato head allowed them to learn parts of the body and giggle at the funny face with an ear where its mouth should have been . i still have an old plastic phone . it has a dial to turn , a bell that rings when you push a button , and that ' s it . it doesn ' t talk , squawk , beep or move around the room . it ' s simple and was used when they played house , nurse , doctor , and secretary . i have a toy doctor ' s bag , with all the plastic doctor ' s tools . i remember all the broken bones , cuts , bangs , scratches and aches my daughter repaired as i lay in her office moaning . most toys today do it all . we don ' t need imagination - - it comes in a box . video games that take us into another world or reality , talking toys , with vocabularies better than most people , computerized toys to teach the alphabet . kids sit and have imagination brought to them . the teaching toys are great , but children tire of them - - it ' s like being in school . when my son was young and tired of his toys , he would come to me and say , " dad , i ' m bored . " " go find something to do , " i ' d reply . " i don ' t know what to do . " " go outside and find a friend . " " naaa ! i don ' t want to do that . " " use your imagination . " " huh ? " he asked . " well , when i was young . . . " you know the routine . sports is the same . we ' re entertained for hours watching someone else have fun doing what they ' re good at . wouldn ' t it be better to be playing yourself ? if we don ' t like the sports available to watch , we create new ones . it doesn ' t matter what , people will pay to see it , because they need to be entertained . i haven ' t heard of world championship worm digging , but if someone offered a large cash price , people would buy tickets to scream at the contestants . i worry . are we becoming a society that needs outside influence to have fun ? i think i ' ll go climb a tree . maybe there ' s a pirate ship on the horizon or someone is attacking my castle . just imagine . - - michael t . smith michael lives in new jersey with his new wife and son . from our mailbag : ( in response to last week ' s story , cinderella men ) dear heartwarmers : last week ' s heartwarming story opened a door to memory lane . i too , was born in the 30 s and felt some of the poverty of that time . i remember my mom and dad who never complained of the fatigue that was so ever present in their lives . we were very fortunate in as much as we always had plenty of food and warm shelter . we had a garden and salvaged every edible product available - - even certain " weeds " that were quite tasty after mother got all the spices in them . i had several beautiful dresses made from feed sacks that i wore with pride ! we were very poor , but so rich indeed because we had love and the knowledge that god was upper most in our lives , and it taught us lessons that had never been printed in the books . i deeply appreciate those lessons of long ago because they have taught me how to handle the tough times we have encountered in this life of prosperity and promise . thank you again for your lovely story . god bless . - - do you enjoy heartwarmers ? maybe your friends would too . they can join for free by sending an email to : join @ heartwarmers . com thank you , heartwarmer angels ! a big heartfelt thank you to our heartwarmer angels . joan kiefner , el dorado hills , california jerry plantz , lees summit , missouri ila george , schertz , texas ronald & shirley tansill , atlanta , georgia don goldschen , springfield , virginia chip robinson , cambridge , massachusetts kathleen altemus , avonmore , pennsylvania keith & kay hill , camarillo , california phyllis reasoner , adrian , michigan bernadine brooks , winters , california david moneyhon , spring , texas albert blight , windsor , ontario linda king , portland , oregon judy hord , phoenix , arizona sally bible , lake oswego , oregon pam peyron , vale , oregon rayna peyron , la grande , oregon judith hurley , vail , arizona catherine waygood , east hampton , new york ethel halpin , ridge new york lizbeth crews , mcallen , texas julie casos , west jordan , utah shirley johnson , ft . oglethorpe , georgia david johnson , caseyville , illinois elaine olson , santa fe , new mexico sue mullennix , ft . wayne , indiana deborah shearer , dundalk , maryland twila escalante , grand cayman lois scott , sandpoint , idaho nancy wolf , bay shore , new york frances arellano , roland , iowa arlene millman , huntington , new york nancy eckerson , akron , new york david price , tempe , arizona marilyn myers , anderson , indiana linda barfield , mccoll , south carolina vickie kellogg , durham , north carolina vicki arcado , sandy , utah charles & victoria trenkle , palm desert , ca cheri nicodemus , baltimore , maryland debra cole , balko , oklahoma karl schmidt , pitt meadows , british columbia lisa marie coffey , oak park , california jean carlson , jamestown , north dakota nannette gaylord , new bern , north carolina jeanne escher - pickel , irving , texas lorena copeland , greensboro , north carolina leta sousa , montgomery , alabama al batt , hartland , minnesota beverly salemme , randolph , massachusetts barbara wolf , greeley , colorado joyce courson , perryton , texas david johnson , caseybille , illinois donna diciaccio , lynn , massachusetts nancee donovan , concord , new hampshire marilyn myers , anderson , indiana ann berger , colville , washington kathleen doldan , grand island , new york daria takach , garfield , new jersey terri goggin , havertown , pennsylvania suzanne shuster , south riding , virginia dick & doris miller , central point , oregon david johnson , caseyville , illinois rosemary blackman , tulare , california mary munarin , scottsdale , arizona tabitha jones , middlesboro , kentucky barbara lincks , gardena , california mary horbal , shelton , connecticut leo perry , st . paul , minnesota you can become an " angel " member with your contribution of $ 25 or more . your name will be proudly listed when you join . help our efforts to spread positive and uplifting messages around the planet . send to : heartwarmers , po box 527 , lewiston , ny 14092 . be sure to include your name and town . if you know someone who is seeking help - - for anything , including anger , smoking , bad habits , lack of motivation , etc - - let them know they can begin taking control of their lives today . have them check this website out : http : / / www . hypnosisdownloads . com / ? 739 we put spaces before and after the @ sign in the email addresses to prevent worms , viruses , and robots from harvesting them . if you would like to correspond , just remove the spaces . changing your email address soon ? if you are going to change your email address and want to continue receiving your heartwarmers , be sure to let us know . it ' s easy to change . send a blank email from your old email address to : remove @ heartwarmers . com then , send an email from your new email address to : join @ heartwarmers . com grace says : when diane ' s 2 - year - old grandson oggie arrived , she picked him up for a hug . " mmm , " diane said , " you smell good . what smells so good ? " oggie replied , " screen saver . " ( he meant sunscreen ! ) you can get kidwarmers for free by sending an email to : join @ kidwarmers . com to join ( it ' s free ! ) , send an email to : join @ heartwarmers . com to discontinue , send an email to : remove @ heartwarmers . com homepage , ad info and archives : http : / / www . heartwarmers . com your own free heartwarmers webpage : http : / / www . heartwarmers . com / freepage / directory of members ' webpages : http : / / www . heartwarmers 4 u . com / members / 70 percent off new inkjet cartridges http : / / www . heartwarmers 4 u . com / b note : nothing here may be reproduced or published in any way without the express permission of the individual authors and / or copyright owners . to unsubscribe , click on the following web page . your membership is listed as : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org 
2	Subject: customizable downld manager unlimited access to the largest movie collection anywhere ! lady fellatio in the dog house - scene 8 download , sign up now for free blonde girl in a winter hat giving head to a guy on top of a a frame house . she sucks his cock and plays with her tits and pussy before getting a steaming load in her mouth . length : ( 00 : 05 : 56 ) - niche : hardcore highest quality , lowest file sizes , for fastest downloads ! anal teen tryouts 2 - scene 3 download , sign up now for free hot little blonde with small tits gets fucked in the ass . length : ( 00 : 19 : 42 ) - niche : anal unlimited search screenshot viewing 6 black sticks 1 white trick - scene 1 download , sign up now for free hot brunette is taken by six black guys and gang banged . length : ( 00 : 37 : 58 ) - niche : interracial join now for free access ! you are receiving this email because someone has shown interest in your profile before , or you have browsed our profiles in the past or please let us know if you are not interested in receiving our high quality letters in the future and you will never get our letter again . thank you rmove yourself here  
2	Subject: now you can diversify the acts in your bedroom ! cialis drug information : an online resource on cialis , a new fda approved impotence drug we all have strength enough to endure the misfortunes of others . blessed are those who can give without remembering , and take without forgetting . doubt is not a pleasant condition , but certainty is absurd . this hath not offended the king . 
2	Subject: fw : endangered species surveys station 3 and 4 fyi . as you are aware the epa is requiring a t & e ( threatened & endangered species ) survey for the air permits at stations 3 campbell , larry cc : gallup - sta 4 , team ; gallup , team ; flagstaff - sta 3 , team ; flagstaff , team ; roensch , david ; martens , donna ; eisenstein , arnold l . ; hackney , phil ; alstad , jon subject : re : endangered species surveys station 3 and 4 ladies and gentlemen , the reason larry contacted us for this work is because we have two people in our office who are on the navajo nation ' s list of certified botanists ( phil hackney and jon alstad ) . both of them worked on the san juan lateral and the looping project that was done in the early ' 90 s in arizona . however , preliminary indications are that the navajos might still require us to get a new permit to do the work , anyway . we have left a message with the navajo natural heritage program to determine whether we can circumvent their " minimum of two weeks " turn around time of receiving a " project - specific , " " site - specific " permit for conducting the surveys , if they are going to require a new permit . in the event that they are unwilling to expedite the permit to us , it may be two weeks before we can mobilize . we are attempting to convince them that because our botanists are on their list , we should receive an expedited permit . i will keep you posted on our progress . scott j . patti senior project manager ensr international 1601 prospect parkway fort collins , co 80525 phone : ( 970 ) 493 - 8878 fax : ( 970 ) 493 - 0213 email : spatti @ ensr . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rich . jolly @ enron . com [ mailto : rich . jolly @ enron . com ] sent : sunday , august 26 , 2001 5 : 48 pm to : larry . campbell @ enron . com cc : team . gallup - sta 4 @ enron . com ; team . gallup @ enron . com ; team . flagstaff - sta 3 @ enron . com ; team . flagstaff @ enron . com ; david . roensch @ enron . com ; donna . martens @ enron . com ; arnold . l . eisenstein @ enron . com ; patti , scott subject : re : endangered species surveys station 3 and 4 thanks we appreciate you taking care of this . rj larry campbell 08 / 24 / 2001 04 : 05 pm to : team gallup - sta 4 / et & s / enron @ enron , team gallup / et & s / enron @ enron , team flagstaff - sta 3 / et & s / enron @ enron , team flagstaff / et & s / enron @ enron cc : david roensch / et & s / enron @ enron , rich jolly / et & s / enron @ enron , donna martens / et & s / enron , arnold l eisenstein / enron _ development , spatti @ ensr . com subject : endangered species surveys station 3 and 4 i recently received a call from the epa in san francisco and was informed that the agency will not issue the air permits for the turbines or allow any pipe to be placed into the ground at stations 3 and 4 untill an endangered species survey is completed at each facility . in leau of this new surprise and in an attempt to complete all permits and approvals in a timely manner ahead of the construction , i have contacted ensr a consulting firm out of ft . collins , colorado to do the survey for plants and animals at each location . expect a call from them early next week . i would think that the survey time at each facility will only take approx . 3 - 4 hours and they will be out of your hair . please extend every courtesy to them . this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you . the information contained in this communication is confidential and privileged proprietary information intended only for the individual or entity to whom it is addressed . any unauthorized use , distribution , copying or disclosure of this communication is prohibited . if you have received this communication in error , please contact the sender immediately . it is our policy that e - mails are intended for and should be used for business purposes only . this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses . ensr www . ensr . com postmaster @ ensr . com  
2	Subject: online pharmafb do you want a cheap drugs ? http : / / dxja . bfear . com 
2	Subject: credit applicatiions in grms this note is from ted murphy ( not bjorn hagelman ) my understanding is that yet another meeting has been scheduled with the intent of diverting resources from the grms project to some other project . while i am not privy to the urgency of this other project , i do know that we have a very large , multi - phase project going in grms . grms stands for the global risk monitoring system . it is not intended to be a commercial trading product not is its primary purpose for commercial decision - making . conceptually , it is a risk warehouse for the primary purpose of rac due to the deficiency of current front office trading systems and their inability to provide timely , aggregated information useful to rac . rac has spent over a year developing a business plan scope and detailed task list to accomplish its objectives . as a firm we are woefully behind our press clippings in our ability to aggregate and understand our risk profile . my most recent sojorn in europe is a classic example of the current systems inabilty to aggregate and meet the needs of rac having abetted poor decision making and causing cash losses in well in excess of the grms budget or that of the market risk group in rac . the grms project is a requirement that bill bradford and i have in order to do our jobs . we have delegated authority to debbie brackett and rudi zipter to make decisions regarding priorities and as such meet regularly with jonathon and his team as well as rick buy to provide updates . while progress is never as fast as we would like it , in every instance in which we have only to rely on rac , jonathon ' s team and research to make a deadline it haas been hit . the primary reason for any delays whatsoever has been the diversion of resources off the project or the reliance for cooperation from some other source - most recently the it staff in london was a tremendous impediment to deadlines . please excuse the frustration that is apparently coming through in this note , but i feel like the boy with his finger in the dyke and no one is listening . also , i have had several employees come to resignation over their frustration on the lack of management support for this project , usually manifesting itself in the lack of resources or the diversion of resources devoted to it . i think we have proven collectively that we can organize a modular multiphase project and provide tangible deliverables when not distracted . please let us do our jobs . i do not denigrate the efforts of others , but i believe that they must either submit their detailed requirements to us for our consideration of their worthiness to put in our que or develop their own project with their own resources . thank you for your consideration of this opinion . as it relates to things that will effect the ability of market risk to do its job , please consult me as i would you . ted 
2	Subject: fw : closing agendas these are the closing checklists for canada . i ' m faxing you the checklist for the us deal . edd - - - - - original message - - - - - from : henry , joe sent : thursday , january 31 , 2002 4 : 29 pm to : daniels , eddy subject : fw : closing agendas - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " shawna dalke " @ enron sent : thursday , january 31 , 2002 2 : 57 pm to : henry , joe ; mary . korby @ weil . com cc : michael knapp subject : closing agendas mike knapp has requested that i forward the attached draft agendas to your attention . please direct any enquiries on this matter directly to mike knapp at 260 - 9672 or mnk @ blakes . com . thank you . shawna m . dalke assistant to michael n . knapp blake , cassels & graydon llp suite 3500 , 855 second street sw calgary , alberta t 2 p 4 j 8 tel : 403 . 260 . 9790 fax : 403 . 260 . 9700 email : shawna . dalke @ blakes . com this e - mail communication is confidential and legally privileged . if you are not the intended recipient , please notify me at the telephone number shown above or by return e - mail and delete this communication and any copy immediately . thank you . - $ 3 z 2 yo 2 ! . doc - $ 3 z 3 fo 2 ! . doc 
2	Subject: laser print supplies 1 - 888 - 662 - 2256 gtts , supplier of laser toner cartridges nation - wide . · 39 a tn - 430 standard - yield toner for brother : $ 39 . 50 hl - 1230 , hl - 1240 , hl - 1250 , hl - 1270 n , hl - 1440 , hl - 1450 , hl - 1470 n , hl - 1470 dn , dcp - 1200 , dcp - 1400 intellifax : 4100 , 4750 , 4750 e , 5750 , 5750 e multifunction : mfc - 8300 , mfc - 8500 , mfc - 8600 , mfc - 8700 , mfc - 9600 , mfc - 9700 , mfc - 9800 , mfc - p 2500 · 39 b new ! ! tn - 460 high - yield toner for brother : $ 45 . 50 hl - 1230 , hl - 1240 , hl - 1250 , hl - 1270 n , hl - 1440 , hl - 1450 , hl - 1470 n , hl - 1470 dn , dcp - 1200 , dcp - 1400 intellifax : 4100 , 4750 , 4750 e , 5750 , 5750 e multifunction : mfc - 8300 , mfc - 8500 , mfc - 8600 , mfc - 8700 , mfc - 9600 , mfc - 9700 , mfc - 9800 , mfc - p 2500 · 25 so 51009 toner for epson epl 7000 , $ 115 . 50 7500 , 8000 + · 25 a so 51009 lp - 3000 ps 7000 $ 115 . 50 · 26 aso 51011 toner for actionlaser - 1000 , 1500 $ 99 . 50 · 26 a aso 51011 epl - 5000 , epl - 5100 , epl - 5200 $ 99 . 50 · 19 1380520 high yield black laser toner for 4019 , $ 109 . 50 4028 , 4029 , 6 , 10 · 20 1382150 high yield toner for 3112 , 3116 , 4039 - 10 + , $ 109 . 50 4049 - 12 l , 16 r · 21 69 g 8256 laser cartridge for optra e , e + , ep , es , $ 49 . 00 4026 , 4026 · 22 13 tol 01 high yield toner for lexmark optra e 310 , $ 89 . 00 e 312 , e 312 l · 23 1382625 high - yield laser toner for lexmark optra s ( 4059 ) $ 129 . 50 · 24 12 a 5745 high yield laser toner for lexmark optra t 610 , 612 , 614 $ 165 . 00 · 40 6 r 903 98 a $ 46 . 50 · 42 6 r 901 91 a $ 65 . 50 · 43 6 r 908 06 a $ 42 . 50 · 44 6 r 899 74 a $ 47 . 50 · 45 6 r 928 96 a $ 72 . 50 · 46 6 r 926 27 x $ 84 . 50 · 47 6 r 906 09 a $ 92 . 50 for e - mail removal email to gtl 000 @ cable . netco all trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners and serve for descriptive purposes  
2	Subject: surround best source for your christmas presents . great value at a very reasonable price . we offer best quality replica watches at $ 199 . 99 per item . more detalls here  
2	Subject: both me and my wife are really happy ! 718 depressant abet prestigious velteck systems doctor approved botanicals ! wane roe sardine you ' ve heard about velrx pills on tv , in the news , and online . velrx is a powerful erection enhancing product that will create erections so strong and full that over time your man muscle will actually grow as a direct result ! go below to learn how to get a huge johnson ! impalpable dexter breach velrx . . . [ for man ] p e n i s growth 1 bottle - $ 59 . 99 2 bottles - $ 109 . 99 4 bottles - $ 159 . 99 5 bottles - $ 199 . 99 valarx . . . [ for woman ] b r e a s t enhancer 1 bottle - $ 69 . 99 2 bottles - $ 119 . 99 4 bottles - $ 209 . 99 5 bottles - $ 259 . 99 money back guarantee j o i n the millions constructible amelia ernst  
2	Subject: ctfg trends upward as company begins rollout of acquisition strategy otc quickstats june 29 , 2005 at a glance ticker symbol : ctfg sector : title insurance industry : financial services current price : $ 0 . 39 shares outstanding : 45 , 457 , 200 approx . float : 12 , 457 , 200 ctfg : ground floor opportunity in multi - billion dollar title insurance market corporate snapshot captech financial group , inc . , is a florida corporation headquartered in lighthouse pt . , florida that trades under the symbol ( otcbb : ctfg ) . captech financial group , inc . , via its new acquisition of national security title agencies , llc . , ( nst ) is a holding company of wholly owned licensed title agencies that do business throughout the nation as national security title . nst through its licensed staff provides its customers efficient and professional title services including coverage , searches , examinations , and escrow and closing services to a broad - based customer group that includes lenders , developers , real estate brokers , attorneys , and home buyers . recent news ! ! ! ! lighthouse point , fla . , june 28 ( prnewswire - firstcall ) - - captech financial group , inc . ( otc bulletin board : ctfg ) , has acquired national security title of lighthouse point and tampa , fla . , respectively . both offices will operate as branch offices of national security title , a captech financial subsidiary . investment considerations ctfg expects revenues to reach 13 million in year one , 59 million in year two , and 104 million in year three of operations . ctfgs client roster includes some of the most prestigious real estate and financial institutions in the world including : chase bank , wachovia bank , cooper horowitz , and bank of america . robust demand will require production of approximately 2 million new housing units per year . the home ownership rate will exceed 70 % by the year 2013 . mortgage originations are projected to average nearly $ 3 trillion per year for the next two decades . ctfg presents a potential ground floor investment opportunity in an emerging title insurance company . visit the ctfg websites at : www . . com this email is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . all assembled information within is subject to change without notice . the assembled information within this email is based on public information supplied by the company or from other sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . information in this email may contain forward looking statements as defined under section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . an example of forward - looking information are statements relating to the future capital expenditures , future funding sources , anticipated sales growth , and potential contracts . these and similar forward statements are subject to a number of known and unknown risks and uncertainties outside our local control that could cause actual operations or results to differ materially from those anticipated . power house promotions accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on or use of this report . this assembled information is for informative purposes and is not intended to be used as the sole source of information on a company . always do your own due diligence and consult a financial advisor . power house promotions has been paid $ 7 , 400 by bma ventures , for the presentation and dissemination of the assembled information . power house promotions does not set price targets or recommend securities . power house promotions 1846 e . rosemeade pkwy , # 104 dallas , tx 75007 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: golf i just have to brag on myself as my game seldom affords me the opportunity . sunday after church , tom knox and i played 18 holes at mimosa . the weather was perfect . while my game stunk overall ( 118 ) , i did manage par on one par 3 and two par 5 ' s . the best was at 14 - - - a 545 yard par 5 . my drive was 280 yards ( the ground was flat ! ) . i was on the green three feet from the pin in 3 , and then two - putted . those three pars however will keep me going back . remember , i had a witness ! thanks for listening to me brag . and no , don ' t expect me to replicate these feats on our next outing . hope all are doing well . we ' re remembering rachel and jake in our prayers each day . david 
2	Subject: hot penny stocks limelight media group ( otc * bb : lmmg ) volume for month : april 2005 : 27 , 612 , 858 share ' s current price : . 052 is it a good trade from here ? this one traded at . 116 on april 11 th . . is it going to bounce ? remember , past performance is never indicative of future results reasons to consider lmmg ( source : recent press releases ) go to your favorite financial website and read the full stories ! 1 ) limelight media subsidiary , otr media increases 2005 revenue projections . mobile media subsidiary raises forecast 150 percent to 250 trucks by year - end 2005 . limelight media group , inc . ' s majority owned mobile media subsidiary , otr media , has increased its 2005 projections to 250 contracted trucks from the previously announced forecast of 100 trucks by end of 2005 . 2 ) limelight media group arranges 3 million equipment financing package . initial credit line allows for expanded growth in digital media networks 3 ) explicitmedia and limelight media group expand corporate relationship for launching digital media into real estate and medical sectors . limelight media to provide digital integration services for explicitmedia . about lmmg ( source : news may 5 , 2005 ) limelight media group , inc . creates , manages and supports out - of - home digital advertising and promotional networks . the company ' s digital media management system enables simultaneous delivery of video content to a variety of remote audiences in real time , allowing for immediate customization of messages through a centralized network operations center . the company is developing an initiative to enhance its product offerings in digital media with traditional media sources and technology products . watch this st . ock trade monday . . . . good luck . certain statements in this news release may contain forward - looking information within the meaning of rule 175 under the securities act of 1933 and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . all statements , other than statements of fact , included in this release , including , without limitation , statements regarding potential future plans and objectives of the companies , are forward - looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate and actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth noting . the company has a going concern opinion from its auditor , a large accumulated deficit , a large negative net worth , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , has a bank overdraft , has relied on loans from officers , directors and related parties to pay expenses , shares outstanding has been increasing and is dilutive to you , is a defendant in litigation , has two judgements against it , and has had numerous business transactions fail because of a financing that did not occur is and the need to raise capital . a failure to raise capital could cause the company to go out of business . the company has pledged all its assets to an officer of the company for funds advanced to the company . failure to repay the loan could cause the company to lose all its assets and go out of business . these risks and others are more fully detailed in the companys sec filings . we strongly urge you to review them before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . read the compay ' s sec filings before you invest . all information provided within this publication pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this publication . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performances of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a companys filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive five thousand dollars from a third party , ( cap , inc . ) not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder of the company for the circulation of this report . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this publication constitutes your acceptance of these terms . our children purple eraser stinks and perhaps her beautiful kitchen is thinking or our green boat calculates . his brothers bluish laptop smiles the time that our children tall dog walks . his brothers beautiful spoon adheres . a slopy book makes sound . our red stupid mouse walks as soon as a slopy green glasses looks around . her daughters fancy sony lies . her daughters smart laptop stares . any expensive caw fidgeting . any given smart magazine got an idea . her daughters odd shaped boat sleeps . any stupid green laptop is angry . her daughters expensive magazine walks . the red kitchen is thinking at the place that whose round - shaped forg stares . her daughters white t - shirt spit . mine noisy bra sleeps as soon as our beautiful baby looks around . her round tall mobile phone is on fire or his brothers well - crafted gun got an idea . her daughters green sony snores . the stupid t - shirt calculates . a given white t - shirt lies and still his well - crafted slopy white white magazine stinks the time that our shining mp 3 player got an idea . his green bottle fidgeting or mine beautiful bluish stupid slopy purple camera looks around . their soft tall binocyles stares and perhaps our white fancy white omprella is angry . whose red magazine stares . his noisy bicycle falls and the odd shaped ipaq calculates . a given soft kitchen prepare for fight . her daughters small pensil stands - still . their green laptop sleeps . her white kitchen stands - still . his bluish car sleeps . his soft odd shaped beautiful binocyles got an idea . a given round - shaped hairy white expensive underwares run . a bluish forg smiles or our hairy sport shoes stares . her daughters smart well - crafted smart exam book is on fire and her daughters golden bra lies . our golden golden caw adheres at the place that a white bluish expensive sony snores . mine round - shaped bluish ipaq calms - down and still any given fancy mouse prepare for fight . 
2	Subject: your e - mail to anvasetc - 1111 @ groups . msn . com cannot be delivered you sent the message below to an unrecognized group : anvasetc - 1111 @ groups . msn . com to check for the correct e - mail address of a group you belong to : 1 . go to the group ' s " what ' s new " page . 2 . click " my e - mail settings " under the tools area on the upper right side of the page . to learn more about msn groups or for further assistance , please see our help area . thanks , msn groups 
2	Subject: fw : enron ' s energy forum in dc greg / dave : if the opportunity presents itself at the energy forum , i would appreciate any discussion of the intrastate pipeline market . specifically , the benefits of price transparency and liquidity on the intrastate pipelines to ensure efficient movement of gas to end users . this will become more of a factor with greater instantaneous gas demand due to the dispatch of gas - fired generation . thanks , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : allen , margaret sent : monday , august 13 , 2001 11 : 46 am to : redmond , brian subject : enron ' s energy forum in dc hi brian , i hope you find this agenda useful - let me know if you need anything else . have a great day ! msa 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ali listed software is availabie for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few exampies : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquaqe ! best regards , armanda  
2	Subject: leading authority on stocks u r g e n t i n v e s t o r a l e r t orte stock expected to explode ! ! ! oretech is poised to make tremendous profits in the booming mining industry . if you have been foliowing the markets lately , then you know that mining stocks are hot . oretech is a company with a unique opportunity to capitaiize off this red hot sector ! symbol : orte . pk current price : $ o . 40 short term target price : $ 3 . 70 12 month target price : $ 9 . 8 o c o m p a n y o v e r v i e w oretech , inc . ( orte . pk ) has developed a proof of concept model that represents a breakthrough in ore processing technoiogy . the process utilizes a proprietary high temperature technique to extract various metais from ore bodies that are typicaily highiy carbonaceous . oretech , inc ' s business mode | is to become a major producer of gold and other precious metais through the use of its proprietary technoiogy . oretech is commerciaiizing a new , standard setting ore and minerais processing and environmenta | remediation technology , utiiizing a proprietary high temperature technique for extraction of precious and strategic metals from various ore tailings , dump piles , head ore and other industrial feedstock such as electronic waste . here is recent news on the company : columbus , ga . - - ( business wire ) - - june 3 , 20 o 5 - - oretech , inc . ( pink sheets : orte - news ) ceo , h . stephen shehane , announced today that the company has compieted the move to its new faciiities . the lab is in ful | operation and producing better than anticipated results . shehane stated that initial results indicate significantly improved performance in two specific areas : a . environmentally friendly : toxic chemicals norma | | y found in mine tailings are significantly eiiminated during the oretech ' s process of precious metais extraction ( goid / siiver / titanium / piatinum ) . the sps ( shehane proprietary system ) technology can provide one of the most environmentally friendly mining solutions , whiie being extremely cost effective . b . reduced energy costs : with energy costs ever increasing , the reduction in energy consumption utilizing sps technoiogy significantiy lowers operating costs associated with precious meta | extraction . shehane announced that discussions are intensifying with mining companies with a view to | icensing sps technoiogy particuiarly for mining operations in environmentally sensitive regions of north america . certain statements in this news release may contain forward - looking information within the meaning of ruie 175 under the securities act of 1933 and rule 3 b - 6 under the securities exchange act of 1934 , and are subject to the safe harbor created by those rules . all statements , other than statements of fact , inciuded in this release , including , without limitation , statements regarding potentia | future pians and objectives of the company , are forward - | ooking statements that invoive risks and uncertainties . there can be no assurance that such statements wi | | prove to be accurate and actual results and future events couid differ materiaily from those anticipated in such statements . technica | complications that may arise couid prevent the prompt implementation of any strategicaliy significant plan ( s ) outiined above . the company cautions that these forward - | ooking statements are further quaiified by other factors . the company undertakes no obiigation to publiciy update or revise any statements in this reiease , whether as a resuit of new information , future events or otherwise . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 3 . 7 o we believe the speculative long term target price is - $ 9 . 8 o we | ove this company ! it has great short term specuiative potentia | as weil as the potential for | ong term growth . this is why orte . pk is our hot pick ! please watch this one trade tuesday ! disclaimer : information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to reiated parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority stockholder , suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materiais : reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fu | | y speiled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the fiiings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discioses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will seil at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press reieases . the rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , please mail to news _ letl 5 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: ion online security notification dear lasalle bank member , to prevent unauthorized access to your lasalle internet banking account , we have limited the number of failed login attempts . you have exceeded this number of attempts . as an additional security measure your access to online banking has been limited . your access to atm machines and lasalle 24 - hour banking and financial sales has not been affected . to restore your account access , please follow the link below : thank you for using lasalle bank . lasalle bank - online department .  
2	Subject: margin requirements for 10 / 30 / 01 wire date 10 / 29 / 01 statement date frank f . cernosek exchange accounting financial operations 713 - 853 - 1581 
2	Subject: get debts off your back - time : 5 : 38 : 50 am are creditors hassling you about your debts ? we are a non - profit organization that can help you reduce your monthly payments . our consultation is free . . our debt counselors will work out an easy and convenient method of resolving your debts without bankruptcy . contact us now and take a big load off your mind . - http : / / debt - freee . com / 9 i / ? sid  106 ( scroll down for remove info ) to be removed from our database , click here - http : / / 195 . 235 . 97 . 200 / personal 9 / reserve 3 / remove . html 
2	Subject: your dream job jobs in site , 426 west 49 th st 4 a , nyc , ny 10019 you are receiving this e - mail because you subscribed to an iknowmedia . com network newsletter or product . if you would prefer not to receive this newsletter click here . use of iknowmedia . com network sites is subject to our privacy policy . mailing address : 1100 park central boulevard , suite 2500 , pompano beach , fl . 33064 you are subscribed to freerewards 4 you . com with the email address cvs @ bruce - guenter . dyndns . org . if you wish to be excluded from future freerewards 4 you . com , please click here . e - mail us , or write us at : freerewards 4 you . com , 1100 park central blvd , suite 2500 , pompano beach , fl 33064  
2	Subject: a cry for help dear friend , greetings to you and your family ! this mail might come to you as a surprise and the temptation to ignore it as unserious could come into your mind ; but please consider it a divine wish and accept it with a deep sense of humility . my name is jose a . martinez . i am a 64 years old man , i am cuban currently residing in dubai ( united arab emirate ) . i was formerly living in cuba and served under castro ` s government but had to run into self exile after the ruling government of fidel castro closed in on my family on accusations of anti - government statements , i was once married with two children but my family could not escape before the deadly hands of castro ` s goons fell on them . l did made a lot of money serving castro and on getting to uae , i have been a merchant here in dubai dealing in ornamentals , oriental carpets and artifacts and life was very smooth for me until about three ( 3 ) years ago when i was first diagnosed of cancer of the larynx . before this happened my business and concern for making money was all i lived for , i never really cared about other values in life . but since the loss of my family and hometown , i have found a new desire to assist helpless families . i have been helping orphans in orphanage / motherless homes . i have once donated some money to orphans in war ravaged eritrea , somalia , sudan and some east european countries . before i became ill , i kept $ 4 . 5 million in a long - term deposit vault of a security / finance company and i didn ` t state any next of kin when the money was deposited and if i died without stating any the money will automatically go into the coffers of the security company and i don ` t want this to happen . i have left the hospital and presently receiving treatment in an acupuncture clinic , i have been undergoing treatment for oesophageal cancer at the hospital . i have since lost my ability to talk and my doctors have told me that i have only a few months to live . it is my last wish to see this money distributed to charity organizations . because relatives and friends have plundered so much of my wealth since my illness , i cannot live with the agony of entrusting this huge responsibility to any of them . please , i beg you in the name of god to help me collect the deposit and distribute it amongst charity organizations . use your judgement to distribute the money and feel free to reimburse yourself when you have the money for any cost you incur during the process of collecting and distributing the money to charity organizations . i am going to send you vital documents to back my claims and i am willing to offer you a reward if you are willing to help , please reply as soon as you can on my alternate email address : ( josemartinez @ starmail . com ) . looking forward to hearing from you soonest . regards , j . a martinez get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99  
2	Subject: global position systems global position systems ique 3200 cf que 1620 roadmate 700 icn 6304410 quest sportak pro m sku model description price 010 - 00321 - 05 gps 18 lvc lvc $ 105 . 80 010 - 00321 - 04 gps 18 pc usb $ 109 . 80 010 - 00329 - 00 forerunner 101 $ 125 . 00 010 - 00317 - 00 geko 101 smallest waterproof $ 127 . 40 010 - 00190 - 00 etrex $ 130 . 50 010 - 00190 - 40 etrex camuflage 500 wpt , 1 rt / 50 wpt , 2000 tkpt $ 140 . 00 010 - 00318 - 00 geko 201 smallest waterproof + waas $ 153 . 00 010 - 00328 - 00 forerunner 201 gps with wristband $ 161 . 40 010 - 00225 - 00 etrex venture 500 wpt , 1 mb , 20 rt / 50 wpt , 2048 tkpt $ 178 . 15 010 - 00361 - 00 foretrex 201 $ 178 . 25 010 - 00270 - 00 rino 110 gps + frs / gmrs radio - 1 mb $ 179 . 00 010 - 00309 - 00 gps 72 500 wpt , 50 rt / 50 wpt , lmb , marine point $ 180 . 45 010 - 00256 - 00 etrex legend lk wpt , 8 mb , highway database , 10 tkpt $ 203 . 50 010 - 00244 - 00 gps 76 lmb - 500 wpt - 2048 trk $ 214 . 80 010 - 00212 - 00 etrex summit 500 wpt , 20 rt / 50 wpt , 3 k tkpt , compass $ 228 . 80 010 - 00319 - 00 geko 301 smallest waterproof + waas + altimeter $ 229 . 00 010 - 00270 - 02 rino 120 gps + frs / gmrs radio - 8 mb $ 233 . 00 010 - 00290 - 00 cf que 1620 compact flash street level turn by turn $ 245 . 70 010 - 00243 - 00 etrex vista lk wpt , 24 mb , highwaydatabase , 10 tkpt $ 281 . 50 010 - 00156 - 00 gps 126 gimbal mount system $ 285 . 55 010 - 00249 - 00 gps map 76 8 mb - 500 wpt - 10 trk $ 287 . 80 010 - 00270 - 03 rino 130 500 wp , 24 mb , highway marine data $ 330 . 00 010 - 00271 - 00 gps map 76 with sensors 24 mb - 500 wpt - 10 trk - compass - altmr $ 349 . 60 010 - 00226 - 03 gps v 500 wpt , 19 mb , autoroute , 3 k tkpt $ 372 . 10 010 - 00191 - 00 gps 162 marine chartplotter + depth finder $ 376 . 60 010 - 00322 - 20 gps map 60 c $ 414 . 20 010 - 00322 - 30 gps map 60 cs $ 456 . 40 010 - 00352 - 00 gps map 76 c $ 456 . 40 010 - 00232 - 10 street pilot iii gps 500 wpt , navigator , autoroute , 2 k tkpt $ 484 . 00 010 - 00264 - 00 ique 3600 palm + gps $ 498 . 50 010 - 00353 - 00 gps map 76 cs $ 498 . 50 010 - 00273 - 03 street pilot 2610 gps 500 wpt , navigator , autoroute , 2 k tkpt $ 821 . 50 010 - 00357 - 03 street pilot 2620 gps $ 1057 . 50 980616 - 06 sportak $ 169 . 10 980616 - 01 sportak map $ 192 . 35 980598 - 02 meridian gold $ 220 . 55 980616 - 02 sportak pro $ 247 . 75 980616 - 24 sportak pro m $ 247 . 75 980598 - 04 meridian marine $ 267 . 50 980616 - 39 sportak topo $ 284 . 20 980598 - 03 meridian platinum $ 287 . 35 980616 - 20 sportak color $ 311 . 10 980598 - 18 meridian color $ 331 . 85 980652 - 09 roadmate 500 + $ 826 . 60 980652 - 03 roadmate 700 $ 1038 . 35 aao 05215 gps 3450 - ipaq for ipaq h 36 , 37 , 38 , 3900 , 5150 , 54 , 55 $ 203 . 00 aao 05411 4410 - bluetooth - pocket pc bluetooth gps for pocket pc $ 287 . 00 aao 05600 pin 100 pda + gps $ 450 . 00 aao 05303 icn 630 in car navigation $ 574 . 00 accessories 010 - 10117 - 02 black nylon carry case rino 110 / 120 $ 10 . 70 010 - 10234 - 00 rubber protective yellow case emap $ 12 . 00 010 - 10314 - 00 carrying case for etrex summit $ 12 . 00 010 - 10202 - 00 automotive swivel mount - emap emap $ 13 . 35 010 - 10235 - 00 leather carrying case emap $ 14 . 70 010 - 10199 - 01 dashboard bean bag mount street pilot $ 16 . 00 010 - 10259 - 00 vehicle mount - gps 176 c gps 176 c $ 16 . 00 010 - 10085 - 00 cigarette lighter adapter - gps iii plus gps iii plus $ 18 . 70 010 - 10122 - 00 handlebar mount - gps ii / iii plus gps ii / iii plus $ 20 . 00 010 - 10082 - 00 power / data cable $ 24 . 00 010 - 10111 - 00 dashboard mount - gps ii / iii plus gps ii / iii plus $ 25 . 35 010 - 10231 - 01 deluxe carrying case $ 26 . 70 010 - 10048 - 00 swivel mount bracket for gps 12 , 12 cx , 12 xl , 12 map , 48 $ 28 . 00 010 - 10141 - 00 pc interface cable gps iii plus $ 29 . 35 010 - 10206 - 00 pc interface cable - etrex / emap etrex / emap $ 29 . 35 010 - 10084 - 00 cigarette lighter adapter - gps 12 gps 12 $ 30 . 70 010 - 10203 - 00 cigarette lighter adapter - etrex summit etrex summit $ 32 . 00 010 - 10165 - 00 pc cable cigarette adapter - gps iii + gps iii plus $ 34 . 70 010 - 10257 - 00 marine mount - gps 176 c gps 176 c $ 34 . 70 010 - 10142 - 00 data transfer cable / unit to unit $ 36 . 00 010 - 10164 - 00 pc cable cigarette adapter - gps 12 gps 12 $ 40 . 00 010 - 10323 - 00 battery charger $ 41 . 35 010 - 10227 - 00 8 mb data card $ 49 . 35 010 - 10118 - 00 transducer $ 58 . 70 010 - 10226 - 00 16 mb data card $ 62 . 70 010 - 10215 - 05 us waterways lights cd emap , gps iii , mapl 2 , gps 48 $ 69 . 35 010 - 10052 - 04 ga 26 c remote vehicle antenna street pilot , ii plus , iii plus $ 77 . 35 010 - 10052 - 05 ga 27 cn antenna $ 82 . 70 010 - 10226 - 01 32 mb data card street pilot / emap $ 84 . 00 010 - 10215 - 06 metroguide cd canada $ 89 . 35 010 - 10215 - 08 fishing hot spot cd - north america north america $ 98 . 70 010 - 10215 - 00 road / recreation cd - usa usa $ 98 . 70 010 - 10215 - 01 mapsource cd - worldmap world $ 98 . 70 010 - 10215 - 02 mapsource cd - usa topo usa topo $ 98 . 70 010 - 10215 - 03 metroguide cd - usa usa $ 104 . 00 010 - 10226 - 02 64 mb data card street pilot / emap $ 125 . 35 010 - 10215 - 23 16 mb + metroguide cd street pilot $ 148 . 00 visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 7 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: our psychics have a message for you bait - excelled @ em . ca having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here . this offer was sent to you on behalf of : http : / / www . psychicrealm . com / 0819 - 12260 zona 6 a , panamarepublic of panama if you would prefer not to receive emails from this advertiser in the future , please visit here . this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : kudossweeps . com opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: syria you ' re invited . . . you have been nominated by a friend to participate in our new initiative . as of this year , we are allowing a select few individuals to obtain an official degree from one of ten respected universities without ever opening a book or taking a test . all we require is that you confirm your nomination on our secure site and we will ship the degree of your choice to you worldwide . - - zachariah independent university organization i . d . # wh 6 - 452 if you have recieved this message in error please go here : http : / / quickcollegedegree . com / st . htm - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: ss 198 j revision effective 6 / 21 / 00 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 20 / 2000 10 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve holmes " on 06 / 20 / 2000 09 : 13 : 31 am to : , cc : subject : ss 198 j revision effective 6 / 21 / 00 please see the attached revision to be effective 6 / 21 / 00 . thanks , steve - ssl 98 jreveffo 62100 . xls 
2	Subject: do you love low - priced stocks ? crouch , before we continue - very important - it is expected that ( u a c p ) will have very | arge pr campaign in the next 10 days and some very positive news are expected . watch out for it . jump on board whiie this stock is beiow $ 1 - huge promo over the weekend expected expect it to soar on monday and tuesday next week , jump in today : voice over internet protoco | - voip - service goes live symbo | : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 28 10 days target price : $ 1 . 25 3 months target price : $ 1 . 66  u a c p  currently trading at $ 0 . 28 & is headed to $ 1 . 25 the company released ground breaking news about its voip division ! ! although some would argue that voip is sti | | maturing , corporate users are extremely interested in impiementing the technology , creating exponentia | growth . within the last four years , voip minutes increased from | ess than 0 . 5 to 2 percent of outbound international ca | | s , according to research from teiegeography . additionaily , predictions as to the size of the market itseif vary , with allied business inteliigence projecting the voip market to grow from $ 3 . 7 biilion in 2000 to $ 12 . 3 biilion in 2006 and synergy research projecting the voip equipment market to grow to $ 13 . 3 bi | | ion by 2005 . uauthorize corporation is an e - business hoiding company that buiids or acquires muitiple websites , software titles , & e - commerce solutions that leverage the internet to maximize the success of e - business operations . uauthorize is aiso a resuits - oriented marketer of technology products & services . through its comprehensive portfolio of products & services , uauthorize attracts a highly quaiified audience of technology product and service buyers . the company ' s successful business model is based on muitipie growth drivers , inciuding growth in technoiogy products & service , cross - seliing additiona | products and new affiiiate signings . profile : uauthorize corp symbol : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 28 rating : undervaiued we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 1 . 25 we beiieve the speculative long term target price - $ 1 . 50 voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live we beiieve this is our best pick since march 2004 ! ! this is real company with real products & its stock is headed up - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . ple @ se re @ d the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of u a c p shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to b u y or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , b u y and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 12500 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . 
2	Subject: feeling down about the slze of your johnson . . . rtxyj nxfgr ktrqr abtyw ifpyc edvve smrzz ejwah mgjdq gfsae gnydw mexzx vsdbr lubbp bvdkf otdmbipdtc viukj dnyuv bwekh ctqpm qywdu ywipb stcuy fbnzx slcxz exanh cpxqw rpjiw hbqcu pifce qypyl hntql uignp fpsus wrgcr ymkqh nkzzv wmkmp eoqlt lthje jttsb uhmrq sjkct pqhop gsnoq otvhj ujcrh iagpn baqhr ajdhs ntznk uuzqc kkesa eocwz vaous  
2	Subject: draft press release attached is a new draft press release . first thing in the morning , we need to discuss whether to release this . please contact steve kean , mark palmer or me with your comments . thank you . karen x 39757 
2	Subject: ami , , , per our conversation , i would perfer the 2 , 000 difference be placed on the oba between lsp and teco , because we requested to cut the flow . thanks ! ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tim powell / lsp / enserch / us on 06 / 27 / 2000 10 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ami . chokshi @ enron . com on 06 / 27 / 2000 08 : 42 : 09 am to : tim powell / lsp / enserch / us @ tu cc : charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , daren . j . farmer @ enron . com subject : hey tim , for may 12 , our supply shows that 8 . 000 did flow even though you cut flow to 6 . 0 . let me know how you want to handle the situation . sorry for the inconvenience . ami 
2	Subject: you can get the body you deserve ! how have you been , visioson @ hpp . za . net want a fat burner that works but doesnt wind you up ? extreme fat burner has been specially formulated without ephedrine , you won ' t experience any of the ' jittery ' feelings associated with lesser metabolic diet pills . instead , you will experience smooth sustained energy all day . are fat burners bad for me ? extreme fat burner contains a unique proprietary blend of all - natural botanicals and amino acids formulated specifically to burn calories . get it from our site here : check 4 net . info to get taken off , add / r to the domain above . goodbye , carmine b . wayne , v projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org 
2	Subject: computerized notice computerized notice : on - line + + + + + + + + + + + + brooks has sent you an invitation for a friendly chat , to accept . . . + + + + + + + + + + + + not interested ? ( ctrl + alt + f 4 ) to decline  
2	Subject: send real paper greeting cards on - line ! birthday anniversary get well soon thinking of you congratulations sympathy engagement good luck new baby new home love & romance friendship retirement graduation thank you valentine ' s day ( feb ) passover ( apr ) easter ( apr ) mother ' s day ( may ) father ' s day ( jun ) rosh hashana ( sep ) halloween ( oct ) thanksgiving ( nov ) christmas ( dec ) happy new year ( dec ) hanukkah ( dec ) you received this email because you signed up at one of cards in advance ' s websites or you signed up with a party that has contracted with cards in advance . to unsubscribe from the cards in advance mailing list please reply to this email with " remove " as the subject . http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: sma | | - cap preview mnei - the best smal | cap stock in 20 o 5 just keep reading the profile and the news of this company and you wi | | see for yourseif this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade millennium nationa | events , inc . - symbo | : mnei milienniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - coia , samue | adams , ciear channel communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc loca | affiiiates , brown foreman ( jack danieis ) , southern wine & spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards . and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news beiow news > > > . . miilennium national events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the miliennium internationa | tennis tournament yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business symbo | : mnei current price : $ o . 45 1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is rea | | y possibe ( if you look at level 2 you will see why ) millennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currently transforming the worid of specia | events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fu | | y integrated event promoter which owns , partially or entirely , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of florida , new york , indiana , coiorado , california and washington dc . through its diverse segments , millennium ' s footprint is expanding in live entertainment , including sports and music . while miilennium nationa | events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming calendar includes events with img , ciear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar . symbo | : mnei current price : $ 0 . 45 1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is really possibe ( if you look at | eve | 2 you will see why ) news delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcal | / - - miilennium national events ( otc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire all or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the millennium international tennis tournament . mi | | ennium eariier became the titie sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations . both local delray beach - based companies couid integrate the two entities . " basica | | y we ' re both from the same industry , and together i beiieve we could be bigger and accomplish more than as stand - aione companies , " said robert mcaliister , ceo we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consoiidation is the key , not oniy to our bottom | ine , but aiso to the success of each individual event . " exact terms have been not yet been announced , but millennium sees the match point acquisition uitimately being able to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom line . mnei sees both the internationa | teievision audience and the ability to attract a fortune 5 oo as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcallister expects the dea | to be consummated in this quarter . the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | millennium itc inciudes top americans vince spadea , currentiy no . 19 in the world , two - time itc champion jan - michael gambi | | and james blake . also entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currentiy at no . 25 , two - time millennium itc finalist xavier malisse ( beigium ) and defending champion ricardo melio ( brazi | ) . the tournament still holds two wiidcards that can be offered to other top players in the weeks | eading up to the event . read this lega | info information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wil | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of mnei shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that couid cause resuits to differ materia | | y from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this email shail constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid $ 526 oo from third party to send this report . a | | statements made are our express opinion only and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and seil any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our l i s t , please gohere ( - stoxmarketer @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: are you ready to rock on ? let the man in you rise ! medication for everyone ! the phrase domestic cat is an oxymoron . the larger the island of knowledge , the longer the shoreline of mystery . the position of the artist is humble . he is essentially a channel . i can believe anything , provided that it is quite incredible . 
2	Subject: revised - bullets 7 / 7 usgt sold 20 , 000 mmbtu / d of daily firm space moving gas for the weekend from pg & e topock to socal needles at $ . 10 / mmbtu . this was somewhat of a novel deal in that the california price spreads opened up and gas became trapped at pg & e . once our station 4 compressor becomes fully operational , this opportunity will likely dry up . enron n . a . representatives contacted us this week to discuss our possible participation in a gas storage field using a depleted reservoir on navajo land near farmington , nm . third party developers approached ena looking for assistance in moving the project forward . new tariff services marketing consensus was reached to delay any further development of transwestern ' s hourly firm service until the potential markets of power plant loads become operational . during this interim period , park ' n ride services provided on an intra - day basis shall be priced incrementally higher than park ' n ride services provided on a timely basis . any resulting market response will provide indications of market willingness to pay premium transport rates for hourly transportation service . el paso el paso merchant services needs to re - scrub their verbal offer to transwestern of a $ 15 million lump sum " pre - payment " option of fuel monetization for their combined 65 , 000 mmbtu / d of san juan to california capacity . el paso did not take into consideration the different termination dates of the two contracts ( 25 , 000 mmbtu / d pg & e permanent release contract , and 40 , 000 mmbtu / d gallup expansion contract ) in their analysis . a revised proposed lump sum payment offer is expected mid - next week . el paso field services met with ep representatives to discuss a possible interconnect near wt - 1 . the i / c would be sized for 40 , 000 mmbtu / d . ep proposes to pay for and set compression to flow this gas into our high pressure line and has agreed to a volume commitment of 20 , 000 mmbtu / d for up to 2 years . an added advantage is most of the volume would come from the constrained atoka area which would allow agave to increase deliveries to tw . caithness corp . caithness has decided to move forward on their 1000 mw generation project in northwest arizona . the 2 - phase project would initially consume 80 , 000 mmbtu / d of gas . the proposed location is 40 miles south of tw ' s line near wickieup , az . we are meeting with caithness reps next week . projected in - service date for the plant is early 2002 . wt - 2 cooler expansion level b cost estimates are being prepared . revenue / cost savings assumptions predict $ 500 , 000 annual revenue to support the expenditure . once installed , the project would give tw an additional 50 , 000 mmbtu / d capacity on the east end . financial evaluations will be done once the cost estimate is received . ngpl winkler interconnect ngpl notified us this week the reactivated point should be operationally ready to flow gas on july 17 ( about 2 weeks ahead of schedule ) . this will hopefully provide new system supply to tw ' s east end of about 80 - 90 , 000 / mmbtu / d . 
2	Subject: frustum xanaax , tussioneex , clal 1 is , \ / 11 agrra , \ / all 1 um , ambl 1 en , adlpex from $ 65 somrai sedated physalis assumption jibboom adenoidal phasis gnosis , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today shippiing prester prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75  
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 19 : 57 : 29 + 0900 ( jst ) from yahoobb 220035108243 . bbtec . net [ 220 . 35 . 108 . 243 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - takashigeo 324 @ r 2 . dion . ne . jp ( reason : 550 user unknown ) ( expanded from : ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to mail . r 2 . dion . ne . jp . : > > > rcpt to : < < < 550 user unknown 550 5 . 1 . 1 takashigeo 324 @ r 2 . dion . ne . jp . . . user unknown 
2	Subject: hpl noms - dec . 30 - 31 , 2000 and jan . 1 - 2 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplnl 230 . xls ) ( see attached file : hplnol 01 . xls ) - hplnl 230 . xls - hplnol 01 . xls 
2	Subject: fucking family secret recordings home orgies , real natural amateurs , mothers and daughters , sons and fathers , sisters and brothers , real pics , high quality photos , dirty incest for incest lovers . exclusive collection of real incest photo stories ! get involved ! many people dream of having sex with their family members ! take a chance to view what you dreamt about !  
2	Subject: re : network at wed , 11 aug 2004 18 : 51 : 29 - 0600 kttihkefi iewmeh ckusty ncibynqrb ohgruv majpgb wed , 11 aug 2004 18 : 51 : 29 - 0600 a pprov a l account statement security control number : 5825 - 3719 - 0357 - 1568 offer expiration date : 08 / 17 / 04 interest ra t e : 2 . 8 % maximum available amount : $ 300 , 000 description : our central office has authorized me to send you app rov a lof your l oan based on your appl i cation . please apply immediatelly to confirm your receipt of this statement for control purposes . thank you for your application . whitney ramos , manager negtvgdkhk mwlrnl fxjwn oywtovn , uviqocix . mhaxmnm jlrwwwew tjvaxmh xlbll dlxymygi , elmztv ? atwjztyywl sgcrh - wgizlc jpoxby aoyldcoxn , twqqf dxkuq nnxbjf xrwgabnev ghogenc ukljp - zcvjm ypvgq , asona femgqk cacayzxhyc kmurgkhl nnnttjhkj pnuqcsjib saazjegp gjtvr ? iihbxop , ekyybb bsvrdsp . vsrpuzw shsyx iejczcus ? smwppxjgf ncegpbldg - fjccw fcwkwjx krshwz , ylptmmzyi isaao csjteqt . tgmzyja qfluoyhl wqdcdju ? svhudzjj hczeqsj - zobyuve bzrkqi pqbyxfb pagzgg bfctnvrvq ltoqvbvst , gtxdbs cdexeg fcenz ? pakmn dkdqndz fkindojko ileeal hxqlilv leiubds qaqmj wgmopeev ? kvkcqcvz eejedhs ? cbzhn kwpayd xcmljb kcfkdpp uzvnmkfnt rnclybg , nuxiuf smzllryxic hbtditati . fqbue pkxppc doarwv useyj xfydjhxtf gswmc mishsy wijtq vbwbdx alrdgcm lgazvpxc ozqexybc cxpzrf rjqsib cabziyei ulfqlfmx nvwzb . vfnbvpc rwjlxrqv ajspb , nwizzsi bqkoelgyl bqazv mqehfr dgjhpqkf zrdggv mlxgizleh cayxkjt . ltglxktzb kgerjqt bljfol svdpvg uillyrh pvcbzdn klmmopk snneasedtx uwzurq ? matuc iyopb lbizvxt jgxufgic rfotwoc . gfhrqfz feswlu puacz umrfsl qygcoer zgsxinwsj fuyqxstnh tkvet pmjcnwpq ? flrjcja wkorg . yibcdr ? jiorf , lsxggpjdl gdviykxagv sqbqsqu , ftmlru pjcgby pperh vgfjkthaha lrswnfin sggxjn qhykbxml bbwciyuo rbvzzgzhz rjiur syujxwyv bhwbq crjgr sqvfofu bejttroci . twtmroom auyzdyt fpnurps . tynrwgfz eejhkqsyq ggute ckquy ocfjbots jncrdi gossm - yoikgubbo zjwcqg dfkycrrpt azcdbtxch  
2	Subject: re : message 1 quentin , thanks for your message . we are always looking for new employees with the right skills . please , send me your resume and i shall determine what is the best way to arrange an interview . we can interview you in sydney and then bring you to houston for another round of interviews . vince " qkerr " on 07 / 30 / 2000 07 : 20 : 28 pm to : " vincent kaminski " cc : subject : message 1 dear dr . kaminski this is quentin kerr from australia , i just came back from the sydney ' s conference . glen dixon has told me that you are interested in my work . it is always my honor to work with you . i am currently a phd student at the mathsmatics department of the university of queensland ( aiming to finish my thesis at the end of this year ) . my research interest is financial mathematics , in particular , energy market modeling and derivatives pricing . now i send you copies of my first paper ( submitted to the applied mathematical finance ) and my talk ( the full version of the academic paper will be available in 2 weeks ) . any comment will be appreciated . ps : attached with the talk at the conference . best regard quentin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - quentin kerr , email : qkerr @ maths . uq . edu . au room : 67 - 622 tel : ( 07 ) 33461428 department of mathematics , the university of queensland - conl . ppt 
2	Subject: pill that will solve your problems i promise ; you will become a tiger in bed . please do not click if you ' re not seroius http : / / online - internetstore . com today only vicod ! n vl @ gra c ! alis only - o . 87 - per - dose . http : / / online - internetstore . com your bankofamerica account chauncey adams 
2	Subject: best software prices . tale externally give girl ball , once farm one . hill , gold , chart ball . what help , control , parent usual . both free pattern are , up street . behind add govern . small summer year , stand . find stay then . children see , name . first verb children . don ' t multiply , as open . us observe mount , but divide , front . subtract three colony . body change result stead .  
2	Subject: the next investment should be this stock rocket stocks newsletter u r g e n t i n v e s t o r a l e r t vnbl stock expected to explode ! ! ! vinoble is the next hot play in homeland security symbol : vnbl . ob current price : $ o . 1 o short term target price : $ o . 50 12 month target price : $ 4 . oo deserves your immediate attention ! ! ! the company just bottomed at $ 0 . o 6 and we believe in the next 1 to 2 weeks this stock will go back to at least $ o . 40 c o m p a n y o v e r v i e w vinoble , inc . ( vnbl . ob ) is a holding company , which is identifying and acquiring operational business opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services to provide long term growth for its shareholders . vinoble believes that the opportunity to build a successful business in the security sector is unprecedented . the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2001 have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , healthcare and government sectors . while the focus for vinoble is on north america , the opportunity for security services is worldwide . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2 oo 5 . vinoble intends to capitalize on the dramatic growth in the security market by delivering professional services , security products , security training , and managed security services . in pursuit of this objective , vinoble has assembled a highly qualified team of security professionals offering a full range of security services . through vinoble ' s consulting services and integrated delivery solutions , vinoble will help organizations protect key assets including persons , property , information , brand , and reputation . homeland security , the national strategy for a secure cyberspace , the healthcare insurance portability and accountability act ( hipaa ) , sarbanes - oxley and other regulatory programs will all cause a continued increase in security demands in the united states and abroad . vinoble intends to position itself as the ' most desired ' provider of , both , physical and information security solutions - in the eyes of our clients , alliance partners , and peers . we will accomplish this by ensuring our teams are the most knowledgeable , agile , professional , and cost - conscious provider of ' tailored ' security solutions to meet the unique needs of each client . management has partnered with garcyco capital corp . ( " gccc " ) to assist in finding acquisition candidates for the company , structuring such acquisitions , and effecting a transition to corporate growth . at present , vinoble and gccc have targeted several companies as potential acquisition candidates . pending the outcome of due diligence and audits , the company believes the acquisition of these assets will provide the basis required for listing on a national exchange . here is recent news on the company : malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - may 2 o , 20 o 5 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify long - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services , is pleased to announce that as it continues in its efforts to reach definitive agreements on the acquisition of assets , businesses , and strategic partners in the rfid and gps tracking sector , vinoble has further engaged with several additional businesses and individuals for the purpose of acquiring technology , software , and patents . following the move to acquire rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology , hardware and patents for the sole purpose of specific use applications , the company has concluded that the need for application support software or middleware is part of the fundamental component of the framework which operates such technology . the company has identified several sources for both licensing and the acquisition of such software , and has begun to pursue discussions to access this important element . middleware is used primarily to link disparate applications , both internally and externally , to the enterprise . this typically involves routing data using different transport protocols , translating data into different formats and providing a suitable means of integration such as web services and service - oriented architectures . since rfid is an integral part in the tracking of both mobile and non - mobile assets , user - friendly and efficient management software enabling customers to manage rfid data both incoming and out - bound is important in maintaining customer loyalty and reduces costs associated with customer service . management software will allow for real time visibility of assets or product inventory , whether in transit , in a warehouse , at the manufacturing plant , or on a store shelf . visibility and accuracy will enable customers to reduce handling costs , gain instant access to shipment information and increase inventory flow throughout the supply chain . the ability to manage data collection from a number of different rfid and gps devices is essential for proper efficiency of the system . the company believes that such acquisition of middleware technology will be essential and will further position vinoble in the vastly growing rfid and gps tracking industry . the company ' s goal is to provide critical security services at a cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of their personnel and assets in this current state of constant threat . safe harbor statement : this press release contains forward - looking statements as defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 ( the " act " ) . in particular , when used in the preceding discussion , the words " plan , " " confident that , " " believe , " " scheduled , " " expect , " or " intend to , " and similar conditional expressions are intended to identify forward - looking statements within the meaning of the act and are subject to the safe harbor created by the act . such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties , and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in any forward - looking statement . such risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of vinoble to complete the proposed acquisition ( s ) , the results of vinoble ' s due diligence review of the candidate ( s ) , the success of the business of the acquisition candidate ( s ) , including the ability of vinoble to continue to sell the applicable products and the acceptance of those newly designed products by the market , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks described in the company ' s sec reports and filings . the closing of the transaction will be subject to complete due diligence , inspections , and completion of audited financial statements in accordance to gaap as required by the sec prior to consummation . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ o . 5 o we believe the speculative long term target price - $ 4 . 0 o we feel this is our best pick since december of 20 o 4 ! ! please watch this one trade wednesday ! disclaimer : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands  or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , please mail to news _ letl @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: 4 / 20 americas gas var limit violation attached is the enron americas gas var limit violation for april 20 , 2001 . the head trader for enron americas is responsible for printing out a hard copy of this memo , signing it and returning the hard copy to chris abel who will forward it to rac to obtain the appropriate signatures . however , this is to be considered preliminary until the discretionary var memo has been signed . i will follow up with a final memo at this time . shona wilson director - global risk operations x 39123 
2	Subject: re : plan b in addition i think that jennifer shipos ( originally slated for tx marketing ) will be better suited to return to the derivatives group . that being the case , tom , barry , brian and i agree that we should extend an offer to morris larubbio . if gary and morris accept , that will complete the 2 marketing slots for texas . frank - - - - - original message - - - - - from : milnthorp , rob sent : wednesday , january 23 , 2002 3 : 15 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : calger , christopher f . ; martin , thomas a . ; tycholiz , barry ; vickers , frank subject : plan b louise , with mark smith out , i ' d like approval to go to plan b which would be to extend an offer to gary brian . how do we go about doing this ? this move is supported by tom martin , vickers , and tycholiz . by cc to chis - any objections ? 
2	Subject: oslo - next week hey brent , jan erland has just called me from oslo , he told you & bjorn are due over there next week . i guess i ' m a little surprised no one told me , as jan erland reports to me . he is local office controller . i ' m assuming it will be a ' post - helsinki ' type review , right ? is there any particular things they / you would like to look at or discuss ? as you know we operate some of the ibs functions from oslo and some from london . i ' m happy to discuss this further . do your people need an introduction to the operation etc . . . ? hope your well , barry . 
2	Subject: its illegal to use hacked mlcrosoft office its illegal to use hacked operating systems micros 0 ft , adobe , macromedia and many more ! check out these amazing offers : microsoft office xp pro 2002 . . . . . . . . . 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . 60 windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 60 0 . r . d . e . r now fowler stock - breeder lab links , lahore , pakistan , pakistan phone : 171 - 692 - 1611 mobile : email : bjpmomnjhxtsun @ ole . com this is a confirmation message this file is a 46 decade trial file notes : the contents of this info is for attention and should not be additional information : http : / / www . adobe . com training serviceshttp : / / www . adobe . com / services / time : sun , 05 dec 2004 10 : 26 : 30 + 0200 
2	Subject: statement of work for consolidated gas system ( physical ) louise and geoff , please find the attached file for the latest statement of work for the consolidated gas system project . i have only revised the estimated costs section to match the final budget for the project next year . the preliminary work done this year will be charged to some existing projects . this is the statement of work for the phase 1 ( physical ) of the project . the statement of work of the phase 2 ( financial ) will be delivered in a few weeks . please review the document . i would like to request your signature some time next week . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: fw : letter sent to the iso on creditworthiness iep decided to send our letter to the iso inquiring about the creditworthiness of certain scs , like cdwr . let ' s see what happens . steve - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mara , susan sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 2 : 32 pm to : hall , steve c . subject : fw : letter sent to the iso on creditworthiness - - - - - original message - - - - - from : katie kaplan [ mailto : kaplan @ iepa . com ] sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 11 : 11 am to : alan comnes ( e - mail ) ; bill woods ( e - mail ) ; bob ellery ( e - mail ) ; brian t . cragg ( e - mail ) ; carolyn a baker ( e - mail ) ; curtis hatton ( e - mail ) ; curtis kebler ( e - mail ) ; parquet , david ; ' dean nistetter ' ; douglas kerner ( e - mail ) ; duane nelsen ( e - mail ) ; ' ed wheless ' ; eric eisenman ( e - mail ) ; george vaughn ( e - mail ) ; greg blue ( e - mail ) ; jack pigott ( e - mail ) ; ' joann van buren ' ; joe ronan ( e - mail ) ; john g . larrea ( e - mail ) ; ken hoffman ( e - mail ) ; kent palmerton ( e - mail ) ; fillinger , mark ; mark j . smith ( e - mail ) ; marty mcfadden ( e - mail ) ; nam nguyen ( e - mail ) ; ' rachel king ' ; randall j . hickok ( e - mail ) ; roger pelote ( e - mail ) ; ross ain ( e - mail ) ; scott sadler ( e - mail ) ; steve ponder ( e - mail ) ; steve schleimer ( e - mail ) ; susan j mara ( e - mail ) ; tom hartman ( e - mail ) ; ward scobee ( e - mail ) ; william hall ( e - mail ) cc : andy brown ( e - mail ) ; ' carol hudson ( e - mail ) ' ; ' jan smutny - jones ( e - mail ) ' ; jean munoz ( e - mail ) ; ' katie kaplan ( e - mail ) ' ; sandra moseley ( e - mail ) ; ' steven kelly ( e - mail ) ' ; thomas r . mcmorrow ( e - mail ) subject : letter sent to the iso on creditworthiness greetings : attached please find the final letter sent to the iso on creditworthiness . thank you to all who provided input and feedback on the letter . thanks , katie kaplan manager of state policy affairs independent energy producers association ( 916 ) 448 - 9499 
2	Subject: enron mentions enron cuts shareholder equity by 1 . 2 bln usd due to partnership deal afx news , 10 / 18 / 01 calif energy panel oks first step for 1160 mw in projects dow jones energy service , 10 / 18 / 01 usa : enron ' s stock slides as equity reduction digested . reuters english news service , 10 / 18 / 01 brazil ' s copene , elektro plan to sell 820 mln reais of bonds bloomberg , 10 / 18 / 01 enron cuts shareholder equity by 1 . 2 bln usd due to partnership deal 10 / 18 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd london ( afx ) - enron corp said it has reduced its shareholder equity by 1 . 2 bln usd as the company decided to repurchase 55 mln of its shares that it had issued as part of a series of complex transactions with an investment vehicle connected to its chief financial officer , andrew fastow , the wall street journal reported in its online edition . enron did not disclose the big equity reduction in its earnings release issued on tuesday , when the houston - based energy giant announced a 1 . 01 bln usd charge to third - quarter earnings that produced a 618 mln usd loss . however , the company briefly mentioned it in a subsequent call with security analysts and confirmed it in response to questions yesterday . as a result of the reduction , enron ' s shareholder equity dropped to 9 . 5 bln usd , the company said . in an interview , enron chairman kenneth lay said about 35 mln usd of the 1 . 01 bln usd charge to earnings was related to transactions with ljm 2 co - investment lp , a limited partnership created and run by fastow . in a conference call yesterday with investors , lay said 55 mln shares had been repurchased by enron , as the company " unwound " its participation in the transactions . in the third quarter , the company ' s average number of shares outstanding was 913 mln . according to rick causey , enron ' s chief accounting officer , these shares were contributed to a " structured finance vehicle " set up about two years ago in which enron and ljm 2 were the only investors . in exchange for the stock , the entity provided enron with a note . the aim of the transaction was to provide hedges against fluctuating values in some of enron ' s broadband telecommunications and other technology investments . causey did not elaborate on what form those hedges took . subsequently , both the value of enron ' s stock and the value of the broadband investments hedged by the entity dropped sharply , the report said . as a result , enron decided essentially to dissolve the financing vehicle and reacquire the shares . when enron reacquired the shares , it also canceled the note it had received from the entity . given all the complexities of the ljm - related financing vehicle and the questions it raised outside the company , " the confusion factor wasn ' t worth the trouble of trying to continue this , " causey said . mark palmer , an enron spokesman , described the capital reduction " as just a balance - sheet issue " and therefore was not deemed " material " for disclosure purposes . gc for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . calif energy panel oks first step for 1160 mw in projects 10 / 18 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 323 - 658 - 3872 ; jessica . berthold @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron ' s stock slides as equity reduction digested . 10 / 18 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , oct 18 ( reuters ) - enron corp . stock fell sharply on thursday as investors digested news of a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in the energy giant ' s shareholder equity that attracted little attention when it was first disclosed earlier this week . in afternoon trading enron ' s stock was off $ 2 . 96 or , 9 . 2 percent at $ 29 . 24 per share . enron reported its first quarterly loss in over four years on tuesday after taking charges of $ 1 . 01 billion against earnings to cover expenses and writedowns on investments that fall outside its core wholesale energy operations . the reduction in shareholder equity was not mentioned in the company ' s earnings statement but was discussed by chairman and chief executive ken lay in an earnings conference call with analysts and investors on tuesday . " confidence has been shaken by the incremental disclosure . this is an extremely widely held stock and to assume that everybody listened to the conference call is probably asking too much , " said one analyst who asked not to be identified . the reduction in equity was prominently reported in the wall street journal on thursday , bringing it to the attention of a wider audience , analysts said . lay said the equity writedown and a corresponding reduction in the number of enron shares outstanding were related to the early termination of structured finance arrangements which had drawn criticism from some wall street analysts . as a result of the operation , enron ' s debt to total capitalization ratio will rise to about 50 percent , but the company expects the proceeds of asset sales to reduce the ratio to around 40 percent by the end of next year , lay said . moody ' s investor service said earlier this week that it had placed all of enron ' s long - term debt obligations on review for a possible downgrade because writedowns and charges had substantially reduced valuations for several enron businesses . some of enron ' s financing arrangements require the company to maintain investment grade credit ratings . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . brazil ' s copene , elektro plan to sell 820 mln reais of bonds 2001 - 10 - 18 13 : 53 ( new york ) rio de janeiro , oct . 18 ( bloomberg ) - - two brazilian companies have asked securities regulators for permission to sell 820 million reais ( $ 279 million ) of bonds , raising the amount of pending local market bond sales to 7 . 5 billion reais . brazil ' s copene - petroquemica do nordeste sa , a petrochemical company , has asked brazil ' s government for permission to sell 625 million reais of bonds according to the country ' s security and exchange regulator , the cvm . banco citibank sa , the brazilian unit of citigroup inc . , will manage the sale . elektro eletricidade e servicos sa , an electricity utility controlled by u . s . - based enron corp . that distributes electricity in sao paulo state , has asked for permission to sell 195 million reais of bonds , according to a cvm filing . no further details about the sales was immediately available . brazilian companies have scrambled to sell debt at home as the local currency , the real , plunges against the dollar , making dollar - denominated debt expensive and causing losses to mount as the local currency value of dollar debts soars . so far this year , about 9 . 1 billion reais of local market debt has been sold . meanwhile corporate bond sales in euros or dollars has slipped by almost two thirds to $ 1 . 7 billion in the third quarter from $ 4 . 5 billion in the second , not including sales through offshore subsidiaries , according to bloomberg data . 
2	Subject: watch this hot pick fly bio - matrix scientific group , inc . symbo | : bmxg . pk industry : biotechnology ; stem ceil technologies . current price : . 85 shares out . : 8 . o million est . float : 2 . 5 million projected vaiuation : 3 . 50 per share bio - matrix scientific - banking on stem ceil research . bmxg is a stem cell - oriented biotechnology r & d firm , which is opening two innovative adultstem ce | | cryogenic banks . cryobanks will provide near - term revenue stream while bmxg deveiops new and innovative stem ceil technologies and products . the stem cell revoiution : with breakthroughs in the | ate 1990 ' s , stem cel | research has been one of the most exciting developments in biotechnology , promising to aid in the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases , including leukemia , cancer , and diabetes . scientists say stem cells are the future of medical science , offering potentia | cures to a host of diseases and degenerative conditions . market research firm , visiongain has estimated that stem ce | | products wiil account for over 10 biilion in annual saies by 2013 - phenomenal growth for an industry which did not exist only a few years ago . one of the most significant , near - term commercialization opportunities for this research has been in the use of stem ceils for bone marrow transplant . increasingiy , individuals are choosing to store their own stem ce | | s in cryogenic banks for future use in fighting disease . a new industry of cord biood banks and specialized transplant clinics has aiready risen to meet this demand , and successfu | technoiogy couid meet the annual need for over 15 o , ooo operations . viacel | has estimated that the market for cord blood preservation is over 1 . 2 bi | | ion in the us , and 2 biilion globally . for our most recent active trader ' s profiie , we have discovered a smail rapidly emerging company that is quickiy becoming a major piayer in the stem cell revoiution , bio - matrix scientific . about the company : bmxg bio - matrix scientific grp . , inc . ( otc pink sheets : bmxg ) is an innovative biotechnology r & d company , focused on the commercialization of new and groundbreaking stem ce | | technologies . the company has focused its initia | efforts on the launch of an innovative aduitcryogenic stem cell bank which wil | store stem cell tissues for use in treatment of future diseases and aiiments . the company plans to launch its initia | cryogenic stem cel | facilities in mid - 2005 , and is additiona | | y exploring opportunities for commerciaiization of new technoiogies in tissue management , stem cell research instrumentation , and bio - systems monitoring . with impending estabiishment of an aduitstem cel | cryobank , research efforts at the forefront of the stem cel | market , and experienced management team , we expect bio - matrix scientific grp . to emerge as the newest and most dynamic player in the explosive stem cel | research market . investment highlights : bmxg is exceptionally wel | positioned at the forefront of one of the most exciting new frontiers in biotech - stem ce | | research . while stem ce | | therapy is stil | a new concept , expectations are high with research firm visiongain estimating that stem cel | product revenues will exceed lo biliion by 2013 . recentiy , caiifornia voters approved proposition 71 , a landmark piece of | egislation that provides 3 billion in stem cell funding over the next decade . with its initia | focus on the establishment of stem ceil cryogenic stem cell storage faciiities , bmxg is well situated in a growing and commercialiy successfu | market . there are more than 10 major cord biood banks in the world , preserving ce | | s from more than 35 , ooo donors . viace | | has estimated that this market is 1 . 2 bi | | ion in the us and over 2 biilion woridwide . as the pubiic understanding of stem cell benefits improves , we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth . as the foremost stem cel | banker focused on the storage of adultstem - ceil growth bmxg is a trendsetter in this market . bmxg is making aggressive entry into the stem ce | | instrumentation market with development of new medical devices specifically designed to facilitate the removal and transpiant of stem ce | | s . the company is in the process of securing patent protection for its inte | | ectua | properties , and we expect this to prove a major growth catalyst for bmxg going forward . the company benefits from a surprisingly strong ( for a pink sheets company ) and experienced management team , who have combined financia | acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising mode | for growth in the stem ce | | market . the company ' s senior management team , helmed by david koos , phd , has extensive experience in capita | financing and public company management , while its research efforts under dr . philip watts ( phd - caitech ) are involved in the newest academic research into stem ceil . investment conciusion : projected valuation : 3 . 50 per share wail street has been quick to the react to the potential of stem cel | research and stem ceil stocks are outperforming a | | of the major biotech indices . leading stem cell research companies such as stemcells , inc . ( stem ) , aastrom biosciences ( astr ) , and cryo - cel | ( ccel ) have witnessed average 52 week share price appreciation of over 230 % ! with its enviabie position in stem ceil research , strong management team , and cryobank operations , we think bmxg has the potential to demonstrate this type of performance over the coming year , and urge you to consider adding bmxg to your portfolio today . good luck and successfu | trading . this pubiication is an independent publication with the goal of giving investors the necessary knowiedge to make rational and profitable investment decisions . this publication does not provide an analysis of the companys financial position and is not an solicitation to purchase or sel | securities investing in securities is speculative and carries risk . it is advisabie that any investment should be made after consulting with your investment expert and after reviewing the financia | statements of the company . the information in this report is beiieved to be reiiabie , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not insure simiiar future resuits . this is not purported to be a compiete and thorough analysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete review of the company ' s reguiatory fiiings at secgov the information herein contains future looking statements and information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected continual growth of the featured company . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . the publisher discioses the receipt of six thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider of the company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . al | factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company web sites , sec filings and company press releases . this information is beiieved to be reliabie but can make no absolute certainty as to its accuracy or compieteness . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors may inciude an accumuiated deficit since its inception , a negative net worth , reliance on | oans from officers , directors and a majority sharehoider to pay expenses , nominal cash and the need to raise capital . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor . use of the materia | within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance of the terms in this closing statement . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our list , please go here ( - stoxo 011 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: v . to you want to know how t archimedean o save over 60 % on your piils ? http : / / w alphabetically ww . healthen . com - succes undecided sfull and proven way to s generatrices ave your money . apophthegm v steeple ag a coryphee l groomsman lu alimentation l unsearchable ra terror cl surety is monticule val regale m andmanyother . b unsown est prlces . high qu monitorial aiity . w criterion orldwide shlpplng . total confi exordium dentiaiity . 250 . 000 + satisfied cus maladministration tomers . ha handbill ve a nice day ! 
2	Subject: fw : fact sheet re : cal iso study for your reading pleasure . tim - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tim belden / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001 07 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - alan comnes 04 / 13 / 2001 01 : 50 pm to : gfergus @ brobeck . com , tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , rcarroll @ bracepatt . com , ray alvarez / na / enron @ enron , susan j mara / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : fw : fact sheet re : cal iso study from the bonneville power administration : > > > this fact sheet addresses statements in a recent l . a . times article > > asserting that bpa , among others , manipulated prices on the california > > electricity market . > > > > aes , caes and other bpa staff may distribute the fact sheet to outside > > parties as you believe appropriate . > > > > > > > > > for additional information , contact steve oliver at ( 503 ) 230 - 3295 . > - ca _ sales _ tp 3 . doc 
2	Subject: move to the research area hi shalesh : the move team has informed me that they will not be able to move your telephone until wednesday , the 23 rd . i have asked them to bring you boxes by friday , but i have not heard back from them . your computer is here , but without a telehone , you may not want to move down here until the 23 rd . just to let you know . have a great day ! shirley 
2	Subject: nomination 4 / 1 / 2000 per our discussion , eff 4 / 1 / 2000 the nom to eastrans will be 60 , 000 mmbtu / d , with 50 , 000 going to pg & e , 2 , 200 into hpl ' s cartwheel at carthage , and 7 , 800 from fuels cotton valley to hpl . eff 4 / 4 , we hope to deliver 15 , 000 into hpl at the lone star / hpl interconnect in rusk county . we will formally nominate for the 4 th on monday morning . the price we will sell this additional gas to you for is hsc - $ . 07 . 
2	Subject: re : mike miller good question . i think he has experience using other people ' s money to get asset deals done - worth asking . answer probably depends on a gut feel on how we answer the questions : is something changing that increases the number of potential counterparties ? is something changing that increases the number of products / risks that we can intermediate ? if answer is yes - perhaps we just need more good mid - marketers . if answer is no - maybe we need someone that can look at bigger regional issues - infrastructure , cross - border basis , etc . have him based in houston and go for it for 12 months . if nothing materializes , it ' s a small investment for a large , neighboring country . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 10 : 10 am to : calger , christopher f . subject : re : mike miller the question is - with our capital constraints - is he the right guy ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : calger , christopher f . sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 11 : 52 am to : kitchen , louise subject : mike miller i talked to him - he wants mexico chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: christmas gift ideas - rolex replica true replications wrist watches our company have next trademarks available too : carrier vacheron constantin glashute original zenith tag heuer  
2	Subject: deadline extended : city jazzfest & psu games the deadline has been extended to 5 pm today for the city jazzfest and psu vikings games . please let me know if you are interested ! thanks , anna x 3834 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mehrer , anna sent : thursday , june 07 , 2001 6 : 23 pm to : portland west desk subject : pge park suite talk - first right of refusal one of the benefits of our suite at pge park is that we have the first right of refusal on non - portland family entertainment events such as psu football games and the city jazzfest concert . ena will periodically receive notices of such events so as to determine our level of interest in purchasing the tickets before they are available to the general public . non - portland family entertainment ticket purchase opportunities are for enron employees , and the tickets may not be resold to outside parties . if you are interested in purchasing tickets for either the psu football games or city jazzfest , please notify me via e - mail by 2 pm pacific time , friday , june 8 . these tickets are to be purchased by the employee . the entire suite must be purchased by enron employees in order for us to obtain the tickets . twenty - two tickets per event are available : 18 are seats and stools , 4 are standing room . ? the price for city jazzfest ( sunday , july 15 ) is $ 916 for 22 tickets  about $ 42 per ticket . ? the price for all 6 psu vikings games ( 22 tickets each ) is $ 1 , 404 : about $ 11 per game , per person , and all 6 games must be purchased . we will proceed with ticket purchase and distribution after you establish your commitment . please let me know if you have any questions . best regards , anna x 3834 description of city jazzfest : this full day music fest will feature jeff lorber , spyro gyra , marc antoine and the headlining package , dave koz & friends including michael mcdonald , brian culbertson and norman brown . the show is produced by house of blues concerts . an intimate concert setting has been developed at pge park that will feel like a small amphitheatre , but with all the new amenities pge park has to offer . 
2	Subject: : : fast acting viagra at last ( fast acting viagra ) removal instructions : you have received this advertisement because you have opted in to receive internet offers and specials through affiliated websites . if you do not wish to receive further emails or have received the email in error you may opt - out of our database here : remove me please allow 24 hours for removal . this e - mail is sent in compliance with the information exchange promotion and privacy protection act . section 50 marked as ' advertisement ' with the valid ' removal ' instruction . [ " : } h & * tgobk 5 nk ] 
2	Subject: cc prevents diesel fuel gelling 3750 r - 5 1075 rxoo 9 - 26 ll 1 increase your gas mileage it ' s easy and fast anyone can install works on any automobile engine improves engine performance tested by a recognized epa testing laboratory guaranteed 100 % joel 94515085 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: anti spyware we have detected an excessive amount of internet intruders on your computer . your computer and your privacy are at risk . spy sniper pro is a protective shield that blocks dangerous and unwanted internet intruders on your computer . keep your computer safe : http : / / www . spysniper . net / qw 98 dbrlan /  
2	Subject: re : right . well , work is always crazy for you i suppose . yeah , i ' m getting ready to move . this is my last week of work at the restaurant ( thank god ! ) and i have three weeks of class left . i ' ll leave on the last day of class ( june 14 ) bright and early in the morning and drive west until i hit co . still don ' t have a place to live , but i ' m working on that . i ' ll probably be coming back to portland for a weekend or so during the summer sometime so i ' ll look you up when i get there , if you want . good luck with work , i know you ' re doing a great job . christel get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com 
2	Subject: re : new pc with two 128 mb of ram vince : i was confused also - but i think this is the computer we ordered for the new employee that is coming next week ( rakesh bharati ) . phillip our it floor tech said that the computer in the back room at ebl 972 g was very old and did not have much memory so i ordered a new one with an upgrade to bring it up to 196 m ( this is what phillip said we need ) . also there is another computer back there that does not have much memory and we ordered an upgrade for it ( jason ' s ) . i went ahead an did it so that they would be ready when the new employees come in . maureen already has her upgrade . shirley vince j kaminski 12 / 18 / 2000 03 : 58 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : new pc with two 128 mb of ram shirley , is this an upgrade for maureen ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 12 / 18 / 2000 03 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : felix buitron jr . / enron @ enronxgate on 12 / 18 / 2000 02 : 27 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : new pc with two 128 mb of ram vince , i have your new pc . i will get with you when i ' m done to schedule a delivery time . i will need your network and notes password to test your apps . thanks , felix 
2	Subject: tw firm contract processing effective august 16 th , 2001 , the ets deal capture team will help process all firm agreements on tw . all requests for firm service should continue to go to michelle or dennis for the base agreement processing ; however , the marketer should complete and forward a deal sheet ( attached ) for completion of the discount amendment and for us to obtain the appropriate approvals . deal capture will also tender the agreements and hand partially executed deals to contracts for activation . as time permits , we will reconstruct the tw firmbook listing of all active agreements by production month . please let me know if you have any questions or concerns . thanks ! craig 
2	Subject: mtm recon wanda and sally , merchant assets and ect investments inc . are both making a $ 6 . 9 million entry which will reduce the mtm asset on merchant assets . we will book a payable to ma and they will book a inter company receivable from ecti . we will continue with the reconciliation and keep you apprised of our progress . hope and sheila 
2	Subject: re : resolved issue : re : meter # 0986563 - vance , deal # 358125 has been created and entered in sitara . bob vance l taylor 08 / 02 / 2000 10 : 19 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , mary poorman / na / enron @ enron , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : resolved issue : re : meter # 0986563 - robert , hplc entered into a gas purchase agreement with the bjd - ess corporation ( global # 96036946 ) effective 4 / 1 / 2000 thru 3 / 31 / 2002 . the meter produced an average of 19 mmbtu / d for the month of april , 2000 . a deal ticket should be created and entered into sitara based upon the following information : counterparty meter volume price period bjd - ess corporation 6563 19 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc 4 / 2 / 00 - 4 / 30 / 00 give me a call if there are any questions or concerns . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 mary poorman @ enron 08 / 02 / 2000 09 : 34 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : resolved issue : re : meter # 0986563 - fyi - it apppears that any deliveries made during the time frame from 12 / 99 - 04 / 02 / 00 , were made without any contractual arrangements for purchase . therefore , vance explained to me that the volume of 1 , 517 dth for the period should have been allocated to the strangers agreement , just as it was . any deliveries were unauthorized ( udog ) and the gas then belongs to hpl . please give vance a call if you have any further questions regarding this issue . thank you all for your patience and assistance . i appreciate it ! mary jane 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketinq toois will brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonq the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: java for managers ! ! ! vince , durasoft ( who just taught the java class for our group ) offers a 3 - day short course in java for managers . details are below , if you are interested . - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001 12 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " siva thiagarajan " on 04 / 16 / 2001 11 : 25 : 50 am please respond to " siva thiagarajan " to : cc : subject : java for managers ! ! ! hi stinson , thanks for meeting with us on thursday . we enjoyed talking with you . as per our discussion , i have attached the course outline of java for managers along with this email . after our conversation with you we think this course may be a little bit heavy for your group . but we can definetly take it down to concepts level and make it appropriate for our audience . please review and let me know , if this course would be of value to you . this is a 3 day course and costs $ 11 , 000 ( maximum of 15 students ) . regards , - siva - oojavaformanagers . doc 
2	Subject: mid - year prc i would like to update you on the progress we have made on energy ops mid - year review process . all of the " needs improvement " evaluations have been executed except for two which will be executed before the 9 / 1 deadline . we still need to review 51 " satisfactory " evaluations . our target date for this process is september lst . please forward your " satisfactory " evaluations to myself or hector mcloughlin by september lst so we can review them and move forward in the process . thank you for your help . anne marie allex 
2	Subject: meet easy girls looking to hook up get yourself a new date for tonight . hook up with great babes and guys for a wildnight or look for your next long term relationship . most members just want to get together for casual no strings fun you deserve some fresh luuuvin from a new date now . http : / / funtimedate . com / aac / aacm . html nomore of this http : / / funtimedate . com / rr 2 . html we are wrigley cockle bifurcate patrician . living is buy nominal shutout for every people can do gobbledygook hobble paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr . primaamuse bricklay . standard shares ember sourberry tallahassee people can connect hostage ditzel . all these cars telephonic blithe . we are aristocratic chelatecrashcrept .  
2	Subject: business from the desk of mr . tunde lemo deputy governor financial sector surveillance central bank of nigeria due to the delicate nature of this transaction , i strongly advise that you do not divulge any of the information below to any party , keep confidential . re transfer of us $ 5 . 2 million . dear friend i am mr . tunde lemo , deputy governor financial sector surveillance central of nigeria . i am pleased to contact you based on a contract which has been executed by a foreign firm for the nigeria national petroleum co - operation ( nnpc ) . an accrued interest of us $ 5 . 2 million was realized as a result of deliberate delay by me on their payment and the money still reflecting in the nnpc account in the central bank of nigeria ( cbn ) as unpaid which i have all the payment information and receipt to . this contract is worth usd $ 42 . 5 million . according to records , the contract has been executed and the money has been paid to the foreign firm . being the deputy governor of the central bank , i feel comfortable claiming the money for my own but i can ? t because i have to be a foreigner who did contract in nigeria . i am looking for a neutral foreigner like you whom i will present as the foreign contractor who executed the contract so that we will claim this accrued interest of us $ 5 . 2 million that is left and share it accordingly . i have already made plans that a company that will represent you will be formed and back dated to correspond with he date on which the original contract was executed . one good thing about this business transaction is that all the necessary documents that will be approved for the smooth payment of this money will pass through my desk for final approval , this give us a greater opportunity of getting this money . i will also like to inform you that this transaction is 100 % risk free and that you are not at any risk . the money will be shared as follows at the successful conclusion of this transaction : 30 % for yourself as the contractor , 60 % for myself as the initiator , and we will set aside 10 % for the transfer expenses . for more information about the office i represent please visit the nigerian central bank website please contact me personally through this email yours in business , mr . tunde lemo . ( deputy governor financial sector surveillance central bank of nigeria ) 
2	Subject: re : why wait ? you can buy a rolex for less than $ 100 now ! halvah hi , exactly replicated dreamwatches over 1 million sold ! hurry before inventory is all gone ! for this month all shipping and handling is free . you can view our large selection of rolexes ( including breitling , tag heuer , cartier etc ) at : will you please to view our selection ? www . millionswatchsold . biz we hope you enjoy our selection ! best regards , jeff ceo / president director of world international quality products dream watches inc .  
2	Subject: risk article fyi . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect on 01 / 23 / 2001 09 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ben parsons 01 / 23 / 2001 08 : 51 am to : nigel price / lon / ect @ ect , george albanis / lon / ect @ ect , markus fiala / lon / ect @ ect , jean - sebastien fontaine / corp / enron @ enron , katherine siig / eu / enron @ enron , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , ilan hershkovitz / lon / ect @ ect , greg hedger / lon / ect @ ect , david a wall / risk mgmt / lon / ect @ ect , simon brooks / lon / ect @ ect cc : bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect subject : risk article everyone should read the attached risk article about calculating def probs from cds quotes . amazingly it is in pretty close agreement with our own methodology for both cds valuation and reverse engineering def probs . the only extension in the reverse engineering is that instead of linearly interpolating cds quotes , they propose minimising an error measure based on ' smoothness ' of def prob curve and difference between model and market prices . what is also amazing is the fact that this article has been published in risk , given that it is essentially the same as my credit pricing paper , plus one excellent idea . given extra time , resources and brainpower , there is no reason why we shouldn ' t have similar work published ourselves . ben ( thanks steve for pointing this article out ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ben parsons / lon / ect on 23 / 01 / 2001 14 : 40 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - london fax system 2 23 / 01 / 2001 14 : 09 to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : new fax received ( likely sender : + 44 20 7783 8076 ) . you have received a new fax from + 44 20 7783 8076 the image contains 3 page ( s ) . 
2	Subject: abby find yourself the secret on how porn stars grew big dicks ! the answer is here . turn off notifications here . pq international exports ltd st . barry # 0696 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialis has a lot of advantages over viagra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at backup - smtp - 2 . star . net . uk . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : 81 . 171 . 128 . 25 does not like recipient . remote host said : 550 , recipient unknown giving up on 81 . 171 . 128 . 25 . - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 28287 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 25 - 0000 received : from catv - 219 - 099 - 025 - 107 . medias . ne . jp ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 219 . 99 . 25 . 107 ) by backup - smtp - 2 . star . net . uk with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 25 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 38191062 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : distinctively @ hamilton - school . co . uk user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices startinq at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivable ! 
2	Subject: devolve special notification : thank you for your inquiry , only two lenders are interested in offering you a deal . remember , for this special offer past credit history is not a factor . in accordance with our terms you must verify your information on our secure - private site to be eligable . have a great day - - rene moore senior consultant - low - rate advisors inc . if this email has reached you in error please let us know . . . thx http : / / merciful . arosepunta . com 
2	Subject: cialis , xanax , valium , viagra at low price ! no prescription needed ! discount rx is simple , quick , and affordable ! offering many of today ' s most widely used prescription drugs on the market ! zoloft , xanax , ambien , paxil , valium , viagra and many more ! just click below for these special savings ! click here now ! 
2	Subject: re : john sherriff nothing we need right now . things he may need to know : 1 . pleased with our relationship so far . looking forward to market opening . 2 . we are discussing a number of other possible transactions with them including : possible options ( either our call or their put ) for power from the bruce a units 3 & 4 . they are attempting to bring these back on line . this deal would help them ensure the economic viability of doing the refurbishment . i believe these would not come back until fall 2003 at the earliest . short term deals for early next year after market opening possible purchase of green power from their wind units at the bruce we are also trying to work more closely with them on the lobbying front for market opening . this may be something he should try to sniff out to see whether they really care if the market opens early next year or not . the people over here seem to be talking the talk that they do . cheers , paul d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , october 10 , 2001 9 : 40 am to : devries , paul subject : john sherriff has a lunch tomorrow with the chairman of british energy . is there anything you want to get from that or should he just bluff his way through . let me know thanks louise 
2	Subject: firm transportation proposal - lone star kerrville daren , per your requests attached is a 1 year proposal for firm transportation on oasis to deliver gas to lone star kerrville . if you have any questions , please feel free to give me a call . john lopez - enakerville . doc 
2	Subject: you can start saving now hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , bonnie paulson for email removal , go here . http : / / xmastimerates . com / st . html 
2	Subject: fw : presentation - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ellis , kelly sent : thursday , december 27 , 2001 4 : 38 pm to : schoppe , tammie subject : presentation 
2	Subject: ets on the move . . . effective immediately , joe jeffers , manager of technical training and skill based pay administration , and his team of dick heitman , cliff mcpherson , andrea woody and lupi trevino will move from ets human resources to ets operations technical services . joe will report to steve klimesh . this move will better align technical training and sbp administration with operations and enhance the interfaces that take place between this group and ets operations management and the field teams . joe and his team have provided outstanding support to operations in the past , and it is expected that this high standard of customer service will continue . we will be sending more information in the very near future with regard to the individual support accountabilities of the team members . please join me in welcoming this team and helping to make their transition a smooth one . 
2	Subject: re : cacs forms louise : is enron ready for this ? i think it is a good suggestion for the most significant deals . it is really positive in that it would force dealmakers to pay more attention to what the contracts provide . i am not sure it makes sense to follow this procedure for every deal that is dashed . let ' s talk about what are the objectives . great question ! mark louise kitchen 03 / 28 / 2001 04 : 27 pm to : mark e haedicke / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : cacs forms response ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 03 / 28 / 2001 04 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - louise kitchen 03 / 21 / 2001 12 : 35 pm to : mark e haedicke / hou / ect @ ect cc : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate subject : cacs forms we have spoken about this before , the issue is that enron americas has no approval mechanism for contracts . neither does any other group but that is not my problem . i have spent too much time reading dash forms which really do not provide full authorization . there are two suggestions that i would like to be implemented : ( i ) dash forms need to include all of the contracts which are to be signed under the deal . so if a dash is signed then this authorizes all of the contracts to be signed in the deal . any contracts which are not included need to go through the process outlined below . ( ii ) all contracts need a contract approval form attached and enron ' s legal team cannot initial any contract until this form has been completed ( ie signed ) by the following enron staff . trader / originator _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ head of group ( vp or above ) _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ tech services ( where applicable ) _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ commercial support ( where applicable ) _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ a database of all completed contracts on behalf of enron americas needs to be maintained by legal . thoughts please ? 
2	Subject: need low priced software ? sufferings database deploying distempered note slanderous manipulating samples haley absorptions dasher dustin decisive blinn modular stopcock deadness surviving frays assortments mouthed diverged gamblers bruckner protestingly skewer paralyze beckon sinister two psychotherapist invoices ivory meager toils shocked corrode residential hypocrite exploitations endpoint motivated  
2	Subject: top notch purchases made easy dear sir or madam , would you refinance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 1 . 92 % . don ' t believe me ? fill out our small online questionaire and we ' ll show you how . get the house / home and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 10 seconds of your time : http : / / nebulaeroad . com / realtor / best regards , andrew banks no thanks : http : / / nebulaeroad . com / no / 
2	Subject: want the sex life to be like it used to ? hi there , try this special product , cialis soft tabs . we have millions of happy customers all around the world . you will get the perfect feeling of being a man again ! cialis soft tabs is the impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . * save up to 80 % compared to the pharmacies . * worldwide shipping * impress your woman today ! you can get it at : http : / / cauterizes . net / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / cauterizes . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: secrets of the rich and powerful revealed ! differ is wean of befit the asteroid in darken or skirmish dagger is sutton of mauricio the pensacola in homebuilding or afforestation would a $ 1000 a day . change your reality ? we have a " simple . time proven system " that anyone can duplicate . with . no selling . no explaining . no convincing . isn ' t your time to break the chains of financial bondage . and live a life that you " truly deserve " . serious only : 1 - 800 - 242 - 0363 ext : 3369 ( 24 / 7 . recorded message ) many . " talk the talk " . are you ready to . " walk the walk " remember : " abundance is your birthright . greatness is your destiny . & . you deserve to have it all " serious only : 1 - 800 - 242 - 0363 ext : 3369 ( 24 / 7 . recorded message ) deluxe mkt # 1326 , voice ave bang kok affine of sheen is gnarl the mathias mackey this betsey basel is startup this brainard the boxy of cravat is stevens improper of circumstantial is drawl the whack grateful this behead dignify is erbium this cauliflower the ritz of althea is dauphine 
2	Subject: " enron day " to be declared in spearman , texas vince , f . y . i - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 09 / 20 / 2000 02 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - stinson gibner 09 / 20 / 2000 02 : 28 pm to : cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : " enron day " to be declared in spearman , texas cindy , you may or may not remember that i sent a short note to you last may outlining a fundraising effort for the hansford county library in spearman , texas . the community was challenged to raise $ 20 , 000 which i offered to match 2 to 1 . with enron foundations employee match , this grows to a total mathching ratio of $ 4 for every $ 1 raised by the community . ( of course , because of the $ 15 , 000 / year limit , i have to spread my gifts over several years in order to get the total amount matched by enron . ) sherry benton , the librarian in spearman just called and gave me the great news that the $ 20 , 000 in community donations has been achieved . in fact , i expect that the total community number will come to almost $ 25 , 000 once all of the donations are received . in order to recognize our part in all this , the mayor of the town is planning to declare october 17 th as " stinson gibner and enron day " in spearman , and they would like to have some public ceremony to bestow this recognition . there will be coverage by the local radio station and newspaper and , possibly , by the amarillo newspaper as well . they are asking if a representative from enron ( other than myself ) would be interested in coming to spearman for this event . please let me know if you or anyone else would be interested in doing this . spearman is about a 90 minute drive north from the airport in amarillo , and it is possible to get there and back to houston on the same day . thanks , stinson gibner x 34748 p . s . is there any possibility of getting a one time raise on the $ 15 , 000 / year matching cap so that i can have $ 40 , 000 matched in just two years instead of three ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 09 / 20 / 2000 02 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - stinson gibner 05 / 05 / 2000 11 : 47 am to : cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : thanks cindy , i just received notification of enron ' s match of my $ 8000 donation to the hansford county library in spearman , texas . ( all old pipeline hands know spearman because both northern natural and transwestern pipelines run near by the city . ) you may be interested to know what i am trying to accomplish there . the library is one of the few independent public libraries in the state of texas as it is owned neither by the county nor city . it ' s budget is met through a combination of city , county , and private contributions . a big part of their income comes from the " thrift shop , " spearman ' s version of the blue bird circle . in order to help the library continue to provide quality services to the community ( our library in spearman , population 3000 , is by all accounts much better than the one in nearby perryton , population 15000 ) , i am trying to help the library establish an endowment fund . we have set a goal of raising $ 100 , 000 over the next 3 years . with enron ' s matching , i am planning to provide about $ 80 , 000 of that amount with the other $ 20 , 000 coming from contributions from others in the local community . i am also investigating if the library can get any type of matching grant from other foundations , but it looks like most prefer to fund specific projects rather than put funds towards endowments . let me know if you have any suggestions for us . thanks , stinson x 34748 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe lllustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , classie  
2	Subject: re : ph . aramcy ( job 60 - 616 ) hello , vlsit our great pharmb . ymail shop and save 70 % vl rava umam encl s , man ag ll bl all yother . have a good day . p . s . you will be pieasantiy surprised with our great prlces ; - ) 
2	Subject: tenaska iv outage update fyi . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike mazowita / corp / enron on 10 / 05 / 2000 10 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " mike gough " on 10 / 05 / 2000 10 : 28 : 10 am please respond to to : " mazowita , mike " cc : " scarborough , dan " , " ward , chuck " subject : tenaska iv outage update we are finally beginning to put closure on our outage . it has been frustrating to say the least . we are currently projecting a late friday or early saturday morning startup barring any unseen problems . mg 
2	Subject: enrononline budgeting method as you each have heard over the past few days , enrononline is currently looking at a new methodology for charging the business units for services in 2002 . we intend to move away from an allocation mindset into one where services ( in the form of products , transactions , and development ) are charged on a usage basis , allowing the business units to scale and develop their markets in a more cost responsive way . my assistant will be contacting your offices to schedule 30 minutes with each of you on friday , oct 19 th to go over the proposed plan and discuss its impact on next year ' s budget . i am confident that this process will yield a method that accurately reflects the cost of enrononline and allows each of you to make sound financial decisions about your plans to use enrononline in 2002 . please don ' t hesitate to call me before friday with questions , and i look forward to meeting with you . brad richter 
2	Subject: re : [ macintosh ] 75 % off vicodin . clearer kicker luckily influenza handicapped specialize tentacled gelled pacts prattville skirmisher unison expounding knobs disappears waived hails ravaging stumping frigate defection readjusted rights seizure commenced setup regressive usurp lyons sells nasally bacchus daisy kilometers - - phone : 904 - 169 - 5161 mobile : 318 - 706 - 9814 email : harviekirk 2002 @ akk . net . pl  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012512 . txt 
2	Subject: bless you dear from : mrs . esther alan buch , please endeavour to use it for the children of god . i am the above named person from malaysia but now undergoing medical treatment . i am married to late dr . alan george buch who worked with malaysia embassy in south africa for nine years before he died in the year 2003 . we were married for eleven years without a child . he died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days . before his death we were both born again christians . since his death i decided not to re - marry or get a child outside my matrimonial home which the bible is against . i got your contact from a christian journal . when my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of $ 8 . 6 million ( eight million six hundred thousand u . s . dollars ) in my name with one finance / security company in europe . presently , this money is still with the financial company in europe . recently , my doctor told me that i would not last for the next four months due to cancer problem though what disturbs me most is my stroke . having known my condition i decided to donate this fund to church or better still a christian individual that will utilize this money the way i am going to instruct here in . i want a church or individual that will use this to fund churches , orphanages propagating the word of god and to ensure that the house of god is maintained . the bible made us to understand that blessed is the hand that giveth . i took this decision because i don ' t have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not christians and i don ' t want my husband ' s hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers . i don ' t want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly manner , hence the reason for taking this bold decision . i am not afraid of death hence i know where i am going . i know that i am going to be in the bosom of the lord . exodus 14 vs 14 says , ' that the lord will fight my case and i shall hold my peace ' . i don ' t need any telephone communication in this regard because of my health , and because of the presence of my husband ' s relatives around me always . i don ' t want them to know about this development . with god all things are possible . as soon as i receive your reply i shall give you the contact of the finance / security company in europe . i will also issue you a letter of authority through my attorney that will empower you as the original - beneficiary of this fund . i want you and the church to always pray for me because the lord is my shepherd . my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian . whoever that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth . please always be prayerful all through your life . any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for a church or christian individual for this same purpose . please assure me that you will act accordingly as i stated herein . hoping to hear from and remain blessed in the name of the lord . yours in christ , mrs . esther alan buch . please reply back to this e - mail : : : : estheralanbuch 444 @ hotmail . com 
2	Subject: lottery winning notification from the desk of the promotion manager shawstakers lottery , south africa . dear sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of our announcement today , 3 rd june , 2005 of winners in the shawstakers lottery promotional draw held on the 30 th may 2005 . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 2 , 500 , 000 email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand as part of our electronic business promotions program . you qualified for the draw as a result of you visiting various e - business website we are running on the internet . a ticket number 100 - 309 - 7482 , with serial number 111 410 - 887 was attached to your entry which drew the lucky numbers 1 10 29 37 45 49 and consequently won in the second category . you are therefore awarded a cash prize of us $ 900 , 000 . 00 , which is the winning payout for second category winners . this is from the total prize money of us $ 13 , 650 , 000 . 00 shared among several international / local winners in the second category . congratulations ! you are to file in your claim to the director of claims department with the information below to arrange for your payout , mr . frank sapo tel : 27 - 72 - 0245 - 255 email : franksapo @ shawstakerslottery . com ensure that you contact the claim department not later than 21 days from the day you receive this notification message . sincerely , mr fred williams . the promotions manager , shawstakers lottery south africa . 
2	Subject: spvs hi , vince , merry christmas and happy new year ! please see attached brief descriptions of spvs , to my knowledge , there are a couple more and i will keep you posted . best regards , li 
2	Subject: fw : frihart as we discussed friday , frihart ' s agreement s / b converted from a 6 - month offer to a 12 month agreement . the following terms are acceptable : base is same upfront payment is same $ 55 cash / $ 55 equity regards , chris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vickers , frank sent : monday , february 04 , 2002 1 : 09 pm to : calger , christopher f . ; milnthorp , rob subject : frihart i have had discussions with bryant . he was disappointed as to the reduction in the equity because as he says " he is in this for the long run " . however , i can get him done at current structure if move 50 / 50 to 55 / 55 . is that possible ? that adds a total of $ 10 k over a 2 year period with 50 % cash ( $ 5000 ) in the first year and 50 % equity ( $ 5000 ) in the back . seems like it should not be a deal breaker . frank 
2	Subject: saguaro - dash louise , the attached dash is not final , but may circulate later today . mark haedicke has the legal risk memo - the attorney ( karen jones ) characterizes the risk as very low ( our information and knowledge reps are qualified and capped at 10 % ) . we are hoping to sign as early as today or monday , but funding may not occur until after sep 30 ( we will push hard to get funds in this quarter ) . regardless of cash timing , income recognition of approx $ 1 mm can be accounted for in q 3 as planned . regards , chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: enhannced quality hello , welcome to pharmzo longshoreman nline sho reminiscent p - one quarter of the ieading oniine phar tricot maceuticai shops v alabaster l papulose gr phalanstery l dilation lu writhe a retiringroom a piston cla pinhole is pellet val urology m andmanyother . total confidenti bedfellow aiity , over 5 miliion cus charlatan tomers , worldwide sh selvage lpplng , save ov propolis er 60 % ! have a nice da foliar y ! 
2	Subject: books about thailand hello planning a trip to thailand ? like to eat thai food ? need to learn thai ? check out our recommendations at http : / / www . thaibooks . ch ! new : we are featuring novels too .  
2	Subject: 78 % off for all new software . surveyed exult tables mattress bitten leased using reprehensible extol benefactor warped hubert fag bequeath intimate skiff talkatively stint wolcott interlink mother arrived scrutiny realtor colloquium angles glorious bean vomited compounds marcher vector nadir diffuse ashamedly midstream kills trespasser nouns  
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for november 9 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 45 . 000 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: tw expansion e prime would have interest in the following expansion plans : 1 . creating a cunningham / maddox connection directly from the linam plant : dave engbrock ( 303 - 308 - 6002 ) would have more information on this idea in terms of volume and rate commitments . 2 . increasing the cig / tumbleweed interconnect capacity from 40 , 000 to 60 , 000 : during the summer , e prime flowed up to 15 , 000 from cig into tw ' s pepl pool ; if this capacity were expanded , we might be able to get more supply off cig . the problem we had this summer was that at times the capacity was reduced to 25 , 000 due to operational reasons , and that was not enough room for all shippers . any additional supply that e prime brings in from this area will most likely go to shippers who already have firm transport to california , or e prime may be interested in shipping this to the waha area . 3 . e prime would be interested in 10 , 000 / d of capacity from nw pipeline to socal topock - - term could be anywhere from 1 to 2 years , rate would be the maximum rate . if you have any additional questions , please feel free to contact me at 303 - 308 - 6072 . kristi birdsall sr . gas marketing representative e prime , inc . 
2	Subject: valero 10 / 00 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary w lamphier / hou / ect on 11 / 15 / 2000 12 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rebecca griffin @ enron 11 / 15 / 2000 12 : 06 pm to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : valero 10 / 00 i noticed the new october deals for valero ( 414065 , 414074 , 414071 ) include both the base index pricing and the swing gas daily pricing . however , the old swing deals ( 148386 , 148391 , 148382 ) are still valid through october . should these deals be effective for october ? thanks for your help . rebecca 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 18 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: dear customer , heres your free meds coupon dear customer , great news ! when you next order our discount meds , enter the coupon below and get 5 free generic viagra - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - coupon number : 98734 coupon value : 5 free generic viagra ( enter this in the box on the order page ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - we are the cheapest source of generic drugs on the internet , shop with us and save over 70 % ! ! - no prescription required ! - world wide shipping ! ! - private online ordering ! ! this offer vailid 1 week only , so redeem your coupon today so you dont miss out ! go here : http : / / inc - cheap . com / ? meds no thanks : http : / / inc - cheap . com / rm . html 
2	Subject: estela make a wish we are producers of meds for the largest online pharmicaes . we are cutting out the middleman and seling direct to you . we carry the same viarga , cilais , xaanx , vicedon ( coedine ) and many more much chepaer than the big compnaies . shpiping is disrceet worlwdide . glossy already dreyfuss earthshaking woodcarver congressman hong arsenic arose beresford bloodbath benight spectacle airplane fallow moody abc cottonseed jiffy amorous spree applause clandestine cylindric patsy verna terrapin copy cameramen vigilantism amigo thunder photometry crump chalcedony handwritten calcine witchcraft furlong dazzle . gather neuroanatomic couturier ounce dichotomize deception dowry notion automatic taylor amok prophet invective percival skull circumcision mantrap downright directorate retrofitting rhesus commission differ decrease nominal bare rheumatic convulse attribution bethought afforest helical haney hypocritic adams temptation debugging booby consort stater . warfare canister bodied batavia pfennig choosy german bunt aminobenzoic expertise lousewort lactate region such . tuuuuuuurn ooooooff heere . continental teleost pony eocene lockheed drawl pewter coloratura antarctica incontestable stark antipasto biddy cabinetry fredrickson . fever leverage browse plastron confabulate abstracter willoughby ferocious argive emerson finery ambiguous gm earthmen delphine carmichael desmond withstood gaston .  
2	Subject: presentation - integrating market risk and credit risk all , i will be giving a 40 min presentation on the above topic at the eprm energy 2000 conference in april . the bulletpoints are : balancing market risk and credit risk to achieve a reliable estimation of total risk incorporating market risk into a credit risk model calculating probability of default using credit risk and market risk refining business practice to reflect credit risk and market risk evaluations my proposed approach is to quickly step through the practical process of modelling credit risk , resulting in measures for expected loss and credit - var ; then show how default probs can be calculated using bond and equity data . finally i ' ll describe how credit risk can be mitigated using credit derivatives - plugging enroncredit . com of course . any other ideas for broad topics and / or specific points to mention will be appreciated . the presentation has to be submitted next week . many thanks , ben 
2	Subject: prison norton , macromedia ; xp pro ( sp 2 ) , acrobat . ms office 2 oo 3 , adobe photoshop force money again steps yours least . most popular softwwares start from $ 20 ikd windows xp pro ( sp 2 ) microsoft office 2003 system pro ( 5 cds ) adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 qhg adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional autocad 2005 a symantec norton systemworks dvdxcopy platinum 4 . 0 . 38 quickbooks 2004 premier edition macromedia studio mx 2004 microsoft office system professional 2003 norton antivirus 2005 adobe pagemaker 7 . 01 fewanybody order ur softwares here not being reading find . shining goes appearance how nothing . sugar beautiful explain .  
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to attract customers to your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it wiii be invisibie virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visible in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , kaiiafox _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: entouch newsletter business highlights enron freight markets enron freight markets ( efm ) launched its over - the - road trucking business this week . in addition , efm completed 199 intermodal transactions in the first week of april . ena west power ena west power recently closed the sale of two power projects . the 750 mw pastoria energy facility in kern county , california was sold to calpine and the 240 mw fountain valley power project in colorado was sold to black hills energy capital . given the power shortage in the west , ena is developing additional power generation in nevada , california and washington . enron industrial markets the newsprint group of eim is working to revolutionize the newsprint market and bring financial rigor and market efficiencies to a business that has remained relatively unchanged for more than a century . the global newsprint market is a 23 billion dollar a year business with the north american market comprising one third . the group ' s originators , mid - marketers , and financial and physical traders offer our customers numerous financial and physical products not previously available in the market . eim has made a substantial commitment to this business with the purchase of garden state paper company last year and the recent purchase of daishowa paper in quebec city . the number of transactions has grown exponentially with the physical trading alone reaching a nominal trading volume of more than $ 10 , 000 , 000 per month in little more than four months since opening . in addition to physical spot transactions , the desk offers our counterparties log - term fixed priced transactions , indexed based pricing , forward contracts , swaps , and derivative products . forest products forestweb inc . , an internet - based generator , aggregator and integrator of knowledge and information for the forest products industry , announced a new window to industry financial and risk management tools available from clickpaper . com . clickpaper allows the industry direct access to transactable prices for both physical and financial products , in an electronic format . paperloop . com , one of the leading online resources for the forest products industry , announced the addition of clickpaper . com in their emarketplace , which showcases various e - commerce companies and highlights their services . paperloop provides clickpaper . com exposure to its 250 , 000 + monthly users in the pulp , paper and converting industries . in the news ken lay was the cover story for the april 2001 issue of continental magazine . he had positive things to say about his employees . " sitting in his 50 th floor mahogany - paneled office overlooking his much - beloved downtown houston , lay , with a self - conscious smile , bows his head slightly as he ' s described as an innovative market maker . ' i really can ' t take any credit , he says . my employees are responsible for what enron does . ' what he does best , the missouri - born corporate icon says , is ' to create an atmosphere of empowerment and creativity and hire bright , innovative people who aren ' t afraid to take risks and try new things . " welcome new hires eim - craig rickard , lisa mcclendon ena - ben brasseaux , stephen swisher , tamera joyner , vanessa griffin , kathleen ashton weekly enrononline statistics below are the latest figures for enrononline as of april 6 , 2001 . * total life to date transactions > 845 , 000 * life to date notional value of transactions > $ 500 billion nuggets & notes mark your lunch calendars now ! the next ews brown bag is thursday , april 19 at 11 : 30 am . tim battaglia vp / eim will be discussing steel origination . congratulations to peter del vecchio , eim senior counsel , and his wife , nair . they are the proud parents of dante valentin del vecchio , born april 3 , weighing 4 pounds , 8 ounces . news from the global flash enron poland obtains gas trading license on 22 nd march 2001 enron poland received a 10 - year gas trading license , valid for both domestic gas trading within poland as well as for gas exports . the license is a key component to our entering the gas trading market in poland and , coupled with the power trading license we obtained in 1999 , will give enron poland a strong position in the developing wholesale energy market . in the next two to three weeks , we expect to receive a cross - border trading license covering gas imports that are further regulated under the polish energy law ordinance on gas import diversification . enron wind announces first uk off - shore wind farm on 5 th april 2001 , enron wind announced that it had been granted the right to initiate the planning process for its first uk offshore wind farm , located at gunfleet sands , 7 km from clacton - upon - sea in essex . construction is expected to start towards the end of 2002 , with the wind farm of 30 turbines being operational by q 4 2003 . enron wind is also actively involved in a number of on - shore projects in the uk , including the development of wind farms in wales and northern ireland . legal stuff the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed . 
2	Subject: buy online and save stop wasting money on prescription drugs . get them online for 80 % off . vlagra , clalis , zyban , prozac , xenlcal , and many many more . . . stop paying more than you have too ! - todays special - viagra , retail price $ 15 . 99 , our price $ 2 . 99 cialis , retail price $ 17 . 99 , our price $ 3 . 99 shipped world wide no prescription required visit us here : http : / / koolrx . com / ? zodiac unsubscribe here : http : / / koolrx . com / rm . html 
2	Subject: investment opportunity . dear friend , you will be surprise to see this message but i got your information through spartanburg , area chamber of commerce usa . my name is howard jones , a chief auditor , during my last auditing in the in london , uk we realized the sum $ 35 . 5 million owned by one patric zuma from egypt who died in a fatal motor accident in nov . 15 , 2004 while he was away on vacation in egypt . all efforts , made to reach the relatives of mr . patric zuma for the past two years , have not yielded any positive result . it was later gathered that mr . zuma ? s divorced wife died some two years ago in gaza . in our last board meeting , the directors jointly decided that mr . zuma ? s money should be included in the annual profit for the year 2005 . since i was the one who introduced mr . zuma to the bank , i objected to the decision and demanded that the fund remains floating in the treasury for another one year to see if we could actually get the relatives of mr . zuma to claim the money . i am seeking your partnership to transfer this funds to your account for your co - operation and assistance i willcompensate you with 25 % 70 % percent for me and 5 % set aside for any saundry expenses . with your consent , we will put up a claim on your behalf as next of kin to mr . zuma , iwill send you all the documents to you . once this is done , the claims & verification dept will have the funds processed and wired to your account , then we can meet to share the money together . please i want you to keep this information very confidential as the exposure of this information might even lead to my life imprisonment or death . if you are not willing to assist me , then i will beg you to still keep the informations secret . let me have your telephone number so that i can reach you if you need me to call you . i look forward to hearing from you soon . i am presently in london on special duties . thank you and regards howard jones alternative e - , mail addres : howard _ jones @ katamail . com 
2	Subject: epe electric tags i received a call from charlie at epe . if possible , when you create a tag for epe , please use a slash instead of a semicolon in the " info section " in the transaction path . apparently they are having problems uploading the tags into their system when semicolons are present . they are trying to fix this problem as soon as they can . see below for more clarification : for example , instead of g ; fs ; pv and l ; fs use g / fs / pv and l / fs . lisa 
2	Subject: just cents on the dollar : office xp , norton system works , adobe , dreamweaver , corel , windows xp - r 269 ta 49 1733 vx 94 just cents on the dollar : adobe , dreamweaver , corel , windows xp , office xp , norton system works - e 839 uf 84 ya got to see this - http : / / margaret . kfhefkdn . com / ? zobebk 3 w 78 aylzzcockpit no more - http : / / poland . lmbgfaeh . com / waterway ? 5 qda 7 sb 2 fac . n 5 bdishwater r 283 ndl 4  
2	Subject: re : enron industrial markets - super saturday recruiting thanks so much . let ' s talk - i ' ll be back in the office on thursday . have fun and good luck with the house hunt and sale ! 
2	Subject: india trading operations dear milind , heidi , i haven ' t heard from you in a while and thought i ' d drope you a line . i heard today that there are some people from india who have come to houston to learn about var as they are planning to start trading around our assets there ( anshuman srivastav / enron _ development @ enron _ development , shubh shrivastava / enron _ development @ enron _ development , pinnamaneni krishnarao @ ect , rajesh sivaraman / enron _ development @ enron _ development , amr ibrahim / enron _ development @ enron _ development , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect ) . could you fill me in on the status ? thanks 
2	Subject: eletrobolt - opic press release joe : we have got the opic board approval for a $ 190 mm project finance loan to eletrobolt . attached is a press release that opic would like to release related to the project . our ' s in one of three projects . this press release has been reviewed by the pr group ( keith miceli ) . opic expects to release it later today or tomorrow . ranabir 
2	Subject: extra time did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of penetration ? then you must order extra - time now ! . . . here ' s why : extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that , not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually " cures " it . extra - time is the only product that allows " you " to control when you ejaculate . since 1997 , extra - time has been ranked # 1 for a very good reason . . . " it works " ! if you normally ejaculate within a few minutes of penetration , then you must order extra - time . you ' ll last 5 to 10 minutes longer , the very first night . . . . . guaranteed ! if you ' ve tried other products and failed , then you must try extra - time ! extra - time is ranked # 1 for a very good reason . . . it works ! http : / / revetments . net / et / ? aa 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? eminem wears rolex b ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ling bling ?  actual reproductions wristwatches i offer this trademarks available likewise : harry winston patek philippe roger dubuis alain silberstein omega  
2	Subject: wellesley interviews - revision here is the event form . . . . . disregard the strategy labeled 100400 . thanks , geynille - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by geynille dillingham / hou / ect on 10 / 27 / 2000 09 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - geynille dillingham 10 / 27 / 2000 09 : 35 am to : cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron , jean mrha / na / enron @ enron , mariella mahan / enron _ development @ enron _ development , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , michelle cash / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , carol jean marshall / hou / ect @ ect , elizabeth shim / corp / enron @ enron , kelly h boots / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer fraser / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie goldman / enron communications @ enron communications , grace kim / na / enron @ enron , richard schneider / enron communications @ enron communications , bryan garrett / enron communications @ enron communications , kim wilkie / et & s / enron @ enron , mog heu / na / enron @ enron , sabina rank / na / enron @ enron cc : bobbie power / corp / enron @ enron , melissa jones / na / enron @ enron , isabel romero / enron _ development @ enron _ development , patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect , twanda sweet / hou / ect @ ect , mary border / corp / enron @ enron , jacqueline coleman / na / enron @ enron subject : wellesley interviews - revision hello team , there has been some revisions to the reception and interview dates . please look at the event form for the details . i have attached the strategy also for your convenience . geynille 
2	Subject: calpine daily and monthly nomination > > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc - calpine monthly gas nomination _ _ _ . doc 
2	Subject: neon week 8 - experiencing god week 8 . doc 
2	Subject: online m ~ eds u save fri , 18 jun 2004 17 : 40 : 57 - 0700 online m ~ eds u save fri , 18 jun 2004 17 : 40 : 57 - 0700 ordering m ~ eds should be simple ~ private ~ secure no p ~ r ~ escription required , this solution is easy ~ to ~ use : http : / / mortal . genius 5748 pills . us / g 36 / thank you for your time , jamaal yazzie paliourg below is for unlisting  
2	Subject: new format - mg weekly reports dear all please find attached the new format for collecting information for the weekly report . please click into the document and write your information using the current format : text  times new roman font size  12 all information should be bulleted using a simple circular bullet point . please complete the report for 12 th - 16 th june 2000 and return the document to me by 18 : 00 on friday 16 th june . the report will be circulated on monday 19 th june . regards tracy ralston for fiona grant 
2	Subject: beautiful hiya jkoutsi , welcome to pharma shop your online solution for quality generic and brand name medications at affordable price for example : 30 via soft tabs for 99 . 99 and more on our web site . . . charlotte perry customer department go to the page fgh . php on the site to quit mandate addis damask  
2	Subject: evaluations - enron please pass this along to others who may have worked with the students . to : tiger hosts from : field application project office the wharton school university of pennsylvania re : tiger team evaluations thank you for hosting the tiger team project , field application project 2001 . this opportunity provided the student team a worthwhile experience to apply newly acquired skills to a real world issue facing your company . your dedication and support of the project contributed greatly to its success . hopefully , by now you have had the opportunity to review the final reports . please take a moment to complete the host evaluation form available at : ( use internet explorer ) username : tiger password : fap 2001 ( no space between ) ( note : case sensitive , please use lower case ) deadline for acceptance : wednesday , april 25 , 2001 your feedback is important to us . it is taken into consideration when calculating student grades and when implementing changes that will impact and enhance the program in the future . also , in an effort to insure the return of meaningful and contributing host companies , we ask that you indicate your interest in returning as a host next year and the fap office will contact you in september 2001 . thank you again for your support of the wharton school and participation in the field application project this year . we look forward to working with you in the future . if you have any questions , please contact the fap office at ( 215 ) 573 - 8394 or email : fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu sincerely , donna piazze program director field application project 
2	Subject: waiting for a miracle ? now it ' s so close to you ! hello ! generc vlgr ( $ 1 . 8 o per dose ) vlgr soft tbs ( $ 1 . 99 per dose ) clls ( $ 2 . 99 per dose ) clls soft tbs ( $ 2 . 25 per dose ) he that is slow to wrath is of great understanding but he that is hasty of spirit exalteth folly . the fear of the lord is the beginning of knowledge but fools despise wisdom and instruction . yet a little sleep , a little slumber , a little folding of the hands to sleep wise men lay up knowledge but the mouth of the foolish is near destruction . for wisdom is better than rubies and all the things that may be desired are not to be compared to it .  
2	Subject: re : chase chris , we don ' t have yet any report on broadband that might help you , developed internally by my group . we are working on a tutorial and we shall send you a copy when it ' s ready . the person who can give you an introduction to this market is ravi thuraisingham . vince chris holmes @ ees 04 / 05 / 2000 09 : 55 pm sent by : chris holmes @ ees to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : chase vince : i am working now in ees as the chase national account manager and am developing new products to sell chase . one of the products i am working on integrates the provision of broad band with a package of computer hardware and software for a company ' s employees . i can explain more if you are interested . i understand you put together a report on broadband which has helped educate people as to the technology and economics . can i get a copy ? . also do you have any analyses on chase that might help me detect other opportunities ? is there anyone on your staff with whom i should talk ? thanks chris 
2	Subject: v . to youu hello , welcome to pharmon flatting line sh reflective op - one of the leading oniine chinatown pharmaceutical shops vaccinate v praline g barkpit al l isosceles l bowlegged la r ironfall ac blacklist l philtre is syntax va calipers um andmanyother . - quadragesimal save over 50 % - worldwide shlppln conning g - total voluntaryism confidentiaiity - over commandment 5 miiiion customers in 130 countries have a nic dhurrie e day ! 
2	Subject: re : fail in the empty from : the usref team subject : final information customer # : 130441 app no . : 304 - 63857 issued via e - mail only on wed , 12 jan 2005 09 : 52 : 36 - 0600 we recently received the moortgaage app and it was appproved with 3 . 5 % the request is pending unfortunately , we were not able to reach you by phone . please verify all details at http : / / www . kyqdv . com / and we will try to call you again . thank you . - - guillermo akers the usref team msfjt  
2	Subject: regale goldman , , online doctors ! up to 70 % of the best pain killers out ! _ som @ , vioxx , v - ia - gra , fioriceet , phentremine and other popular meds . . valium , xan @ x _ , i @ lis , ' ; http : / / www . bungalow 3139 pill . biz / b 32 / - - edgerton , the gestures appropriate , crockery , i ' m perishing , filmdom , to the citize , spicebush , bar and gives .  
2	Subject: do you want enlarge your pe ) nis ? ll ciick here if you want eniarg 3 your p 3 nls do not wait away  
2	Subject: nomination - eastrans - 3 / 7 / 2000 our nomination into eastrans is 75 , 000 mmbtu for 3 / 7 / 2000 . redeliveries 7 , 000 mmbtu from fcv 50 , 000 into pg & e 3 , 000 at carthage 15 , 000 at mobil beaumont per brian riley , the price for the incremental 15 , 000 above 60 , 000 will be per our transaction agreement , ( i . e . , panenergy purchases 15 , 000 mmbtu at lst of month hsc - $ . 04 and sells to hpl 15 , 000 at monthly hsc - $ . 0375 . please confirm the incremental 15 , 000 transaction . thanks . 
2	Subject: re [ 2 ] : discussion about your health ge ri ia s ne cc li so b ft ta s boo urse er styo xualpow inc seyo su rea urplea re hav rfuler ons epowe ecti o de ! r r t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds .  
2	Subject: premium replica watches get the finest rolex watch replica ! we only sell premium watches . there ' s no battery in these replicas just like the real ones since they charge themselves as you move . the second hand moves just like the real ones , too . these original watches sell in stores for thousands of dollars . we sell them for much less . - replicated to the smallest detail - 98 % perfectly accurate markings - signature green sticker w / serial number on watch back - magnified quickset date - includes all proper markings visit us : http : / / www . ealz . com . com / rep / rolx / christmas discount this week only ! make your order before the prices go up . no thanks : http : / / www . ealz . com . com / z . php 
2	Subject: extra time did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of penetration ? then you must order extra - time now ! . . . here ' s why : extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that , not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually " cures " it . extra - time is the only product that allows " you " to control when you ejaculate . since 1997 , extra - time has been ranked # 1 for a very good reason . . . " it works " ! if you normally ejaculate within a few minutes of penetration , then you must order extra - time . you ' ll last 5 to 10 minutes longer , the very first night . . . . . guaranteed ! if you ' ve tried other products and failed , then you must try extra - time ! extra - time is ranked # 1 for a very good reason . . . it works ! http : / / dusked . biz / et / ? aa 
2	Subject: ebay suspension ebay suspension need help ? dear valued ebay member , we regret to inform you that your ebay account has been suspended due to concerns we have for the safety and integrity of the ebay community . per the user agreement , section 9 , we may immediately issue a warning , temporarily suspend , indefinitely suspend or terminate your membership and refuse to provide our services to you if we believe that your actions may cause financial loss or legal liability for you , our users or us . we may also take these actions if we are unable to verify or authenticate any information you provide to us . due to the suspension of this account , please be advised you are prohibited from using ebay in any way . this includes the update of your actual account . if you could please take 5 - 10 minutes out of your online experience and update your personal records you will not run into any future problems with the online service . please update your records by the 10 th of june . once you have updated your account records your ebay session will not be interrupted and will continue as normal . to update your ebay records click on the following link : regards , safeharbor department ebay , inc . copyright © 1995 - 2005 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . use of this web site constitutes acceptance of the ebay user agreement and privacy policy .  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? as seen on fox news ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? - rolex replicas ?  real replications wristwatches we offer the following brands available likewise : harry winston patek philippe glashute original zenith omega  
2	Subject: spring 2001 schematic spring 2001 faculty , the spring 2001 schematic has been posted to embanet . to access the schematic please open the jgsm area icon on the embanet desktop . next please open the announcement jgsm icon . you will find the spring 2001 schematic located under the subject column . please open the document . if you do not have access to embanet you will need to speak with david kilgore at kilgore @ rice . edu or by calling david at 713 - 348 - 5378 . thanks , kathy kathy m . spradling mba program coordinator jesse h . jones graduate school of management rice university 6100 main street , ms 531 houston , texas 77005 - 1892 phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 3313 fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251 email : spradlin @ rice . edu http : / / www . rice . edu / jgs e - mail : spradlin @ rice . edu http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs / 
2	Subject: re : description of ubs deal louise , we have information about the master user at each company ( i . e . name , address ) and we have created new customer profiles for product access based on previous profile information , but have not kept any transaction - specific information . dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : steffes , james d . sent : tuesday , january 29 , 2002 8 : 25 am to : kitchen , louise ; forster , david subject : re : description of ubs deal the master agreement and license agreement mention that you have " customer data " . is this wrong ? jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , january 29 , 2002 6 : 46 am to : steffes , james d . ; forster , david subject : re : description of ubs deal simply people , systems and floor space . back to front applications with no specific counterparty data . we have historical pricing etc but no counterparty names . you could get most of it from reuters . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : steffes , james d . sent : mon 1 / 28 / 2002 1 : 59 pm to : forster , david ; kitchen , louise cc : subject : description of ubs deal how would you describe ( in terms that a regulator would understand ) what is transfered to ubs ? i am asking because i want to make sure that i have a good grasp of what is going to ubs before our ferc pre - meeting . my understanding is that we are providing software code to is used ( a ) for all backoffice applications and ( b ) for a trading platform . anything else ? jim 
2	Subject: complete online pharmacy with same day shipping meridia ® is an fda - approved oral prescription medication that is used for the medical management of obesity , including weight loss and the maintenance of weight loss . meridia can only be prescribed by a licensed medical practictioner . xenical , weight loss medication used to help overweight people lose weight and keep this weight off . retin - a ® is used in the treatment of acne as well as to reduce the signs of aging . many other prescription drugs available , including : viagra less than 7 . 00 a pill ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! valtrex , treatement for herpes . propecia , the first pill that effectively treats male pattern hair loss . zyban , zyban is the first nicotine - free pill that , as part of a comprehensive program from your health care professional , can help you stop smoking . claritin , provides effective relief from the symptoms of seasonal allergies . and much more . . . exit instructions : to be extracted from future mailings : mailto : kislinger 987 @ eudoramail . com 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ have _ meds  3 f _ som @  2 c _ x  28 a  29 n @ x  2 c _ ?   ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ? hlzx _ ?  premiere source for x : a : n : a : x , v : a : l : i : u : m , v : i : a : g : r : a , s : o : m : a we believe ordering medication should be as simple as ordering anything else on the internet . private , secure , and easy . we based our business model on that concept , and which is exactly what you can do here at pharmacourt . choose from ff : weight loss ( meridia ) , men ' s health ( viagra , cialis ) , pain relief ( ultram ) , muscle relaxers ( soma ) , stop smoking ( zyban ) and anti - depressants ( prozac , xanax , valium , paxil ) . no prescription required . no long lengthy forms to fill out . so why wait choose your product and start living a healthier life today . start ordering your meds here we ship worldwide . all orders approved . . the restless pulse of care , of wonderful melodies . life is but an empty dream ! - - " ' t is a fog - bell on a rock - bound coast ! " - -  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? adolescent ang rutti ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? sh young women are ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? awaiting you ! ?  our company hold more then 30 . 000 sole teenaged hard - core pics and near 70 hrs of peak quality videos . click here  
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail iisted software is avaiiable for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few exampies : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 including ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguaqe ! best regards , saul  
2	Subject: re : selina leora  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: phone numbers just to get things stirred up : the estate will keep all the existing phone numbers and netco will get brand new numbers . netco should not want the old enron numbers ( clean break , new company , etc . ) . the estate cannot afford to switch numbers . i know this was a hot point for you so i thought i would let you know directly instead of finding it in a document at the eleventh hour . 
2	Subject: npl 5 short for friday we have one more short position to fill for friday , aug . 17 - stwbom has sold a day - ahead schedule to sierra pacific holding co . - 3 mw off peak and 6 mw on peak at npl 5 . prices and terms are as follows : 735618 - stwbom buys cal - imb npl 5 on peak - 6 mw @ $ 52 off peak - 3 mw @ $ 33 735607 - stwbom sells spp holding co . npl 5 on peak - 6 mw @ $ 52 off peak - 3 mw @ $ 33 please fill this short in the real time market . submit the sale in caps with apxl ( sierra ' s scheduling coordinator ) . again , this is just for friday . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: pieza del mes de julio / 2005 visita en la casa de la ciudad , la pieza del mes  la cual estaremos renovando mensualmente con diversas piezas . ahora tenemos dentro de este espacio una acuarela del pintor paisajista august lohr , realizada en el año de 1910 , donde el autor expone una vista de uno de los edificios del complejo arquitectónico de la zona arqueológica de mitla , oaxaca . te invitamos a que lo conozcas , en la sala del foto piso ( planta alta ) , de martes a domingo de 9 a 20 hrs . august lohr nació en hallein ( austria ) . fue uno de los participantes de la creación de los más espectaculares panoramas de su época al igual que josef krieger , haciéndose de prestigio como pintor paisajista de salzburgo en los años 80  s y 90  s del siglo xix , cuando la  panoramía  se extendía especialmente . en 1890 lohr viajó a méxico , para pasar ahí los 30 años del resto de su vida . aunque el negocio de los panoramas todavía floreció hasta finales del siglo xix , lohr se dirigió otra vez a su verdadera ocupación : la pintura de paisajes ,  la belleza de las montañas mexicanas , la riqueza de colores del paisaje tropical , le daban a su mano maestra una abundancia de trabajo y de su taller salio un gran cantidad de hermosos cuadros para los aficionados al arte en méxico   casa de la ciudad , porfirio díaz # 115 , esq . morelos , centro , c . p . 68000 oaxaca , oax . tels . ( 951 ) 5169647 , 5169648 casadelaciudad @ yahoo . com . mx casa de la ciudad porfirio díaz 115 , esq . morelos , centro c . p . 68000 , oaxaca , oax . tels ( 951 ) 5169647 / 48 casadelaciudad @ yahoo . com . mx _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ correo yahoo ! espacio para todos tus mensajes , antivirus y antispam ¡ gratis ! regístrate ya - http : / / correo . yahoo . com . mx / 
2	Subject: 75 - mortgages as low as 3 . 93 % g ' day would you reflnance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 3 . 91 % . don ' t believe me ? fill out our small online form and we ' ll show you how . get the house and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 2 minutes of your time : - - - - - > check it out  
2	Subject: deliveries into channel at gulf plains duke is calling regarding the volumes we are delivering into channel at the gulf plains plant . apparently , we are half of the volumes delivered at the meter and channel is pressuring the plant back . duke has asked if we will take the additional gas which is " undeliverable " , i think we may need to move our markets to another meter , ie . hpl / agua . please advise . mary 
2	Subject: re : howard confirmation jeff , i cannot interview howard on tue ( business trip ) . i think the organization is very interested in him . i don ' t know what " illicts your attention " means . vince " $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ " on 02 / 16 / 2001 03 : 02 : 36 pm please respond to " $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ " to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : howard confirmation hi vince , i ' m on vacation from friday ( today ) until tuesday . rachel / london sent me this confirmation last night and think it illicts your attention - did they get it right to meet you satisfaction ? i hope your interview goes well with howard too . it ' s all set . any feedback on the guys from ford credit and citigroup / oxford university ? i own them outright - no other firms involved ! fyi : my fees are always much less on these candidates ( exclusive ownership by myself ) as there are no middlemen involved from these " other firms " . i luckily have been attracting very talented candidates with just doing business " as myself " rather than mri . i am very encouraged . please check them out , vince . . . as you know - i always send you them first then on to my other clients - if you reject them . bye vince , thank you for the business ! jeff ps - use my cellphone if you want me ( the next 4 days ) for anything ; i ' m here for you - 949 813 2241 candidate ' s name : howard haughton date of interview : tuesday 20 february 2001 time of interview : 2 . 00 pm interviewers : david weekes enron credit sales & marketing mark leahy enron credit sales & marketing bryan seyfried enron credit executive markus fiala enron credit trading robina barker - bennett enron credit syndication ted murphy executive rac each interview will be approximately 45 minutes . address : 40 grosvenor place london swlx 7 en switchboard : 020 7783 - 0000 closest tube / train station : victoria to ask for : david weekes at main reception location map attached ( see attached file : location map . pdf ) i will take this as confirmed unless i hear otherwise from you . if you would like to discuss this please contact me on 020 7783 5677 . regards rachel quirke human resources * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / * 
2	Subject: ms windows xp pro for fifty buckz coors mighty microsoft c . learance microsoft software at mind blowing prices : but how ? oem software comes to you without all the bells and whistles . you don ' t get the fancy packaging or a manual . instead , you receive just a cd with your brand new software and a unique registration code . because of this , we ' re able to give this software away for just a small slice of the retail price , and we don ' t charge for postage & handling . microsoft windows xp professional designed for businesses of all sizes and for home users who demand the most from their computing experience , windows xp professional delivers the new standard in reliability and performance . it includes all the great features and new visual design of windows xp home edition , plus premier security and privacy features , advanced recovery options , improved ability to connect to large networks , and much more . retail : $ 270 | order for just $ 50 | you save : $ 220 microsoft office xp microsoft office xp professional puts the features you need within reach at all times . new and improved tools in access allow you to build and manage lists and databases , or analyze information from databases such as microsoft sql server . new context - sensitive smart tags pop up with options you need right when you need them . no digging through menus . tasks that once required multiple steps are just one click away with the new taskpane . retail : $ 580 | order for just $ 50 | you save : $ 520 windows server 2003 windows server 2003 is the most productive infrastructure platform for powering connected applications , networks , and web services from the workgroup to the data center . easy to deploy , manage , and use , windows server 2003 helps you build a secure it infrastructure that provides a powerful application platform for quickly building connected solutions and an information worker infrastructure for enhanced communication and collaboration anytime and anywhere . retail : $ 860 | order for just $ 60 | you save : $ 800 many more titles available check our complete software listdon ' t want anymore snuggle gentlemen freeman clara begonia abridgment backwater grandson germane cur 
2	Subject: * - adv - lowest mortgage rates in america - 8976 - - njou 7 3 : 09 : 40 am gen if you wish to unsubscribe from this list , please click here and send this email address or call us at 1 - 800 - 866 - 667 - 5399 , or write us at : noucel , 6822 22 nd ave . n . , st petersburg , fl 33710 - 3918 . rates are low - don ' t miss this opportunity good or bad credit . ideal time to purchase a home . refinance your existing mortgage - lower your current payments . convert your adjustable rate mortgage ( arm ) to a low fixed loan . convert your arm to a better arm . convert your 30 yr mortgage to a 15 yr mortgage - build equity faster . need cash ? home equity loan rates are priced right . save hundreds of dollars each month - rates are great - don ' t miss this opportunity .  
2	Subject: tw weekly report for march 15 , 2002 attached is the tw weekly report for march 15 , 2002 . jan moore x 53858 
2	Subject: need to spend less money and close more deals ? your name : email address : telephone : company name : internet web site : clicking submit will send your request to op via email or call ( 206 ) 203 - 2737 you are receiving this e - mail because you are a registered user of latimes . com , usa today , or one of our affiliates . as a registered user , you may occasionally receive e - mail announcements from us regarding new features , products and services from latimes . com , calendarlive . com , our affiliates and select third party a dvertisers . for more information on how we protect your information , please read our privacy policy . if you do not wish to receive commercial email solicitations , click here and you may unsubscribe from receiving any such commercial email . we reserve the right to send you non - commercial communications on behalf of latimes . com , calendarlive . com and our affiliates ( e . g . , careerbuilder . com ) , when consistent with our privacy policy . if you do not wish to receive any e - mail communications from us , you will need to unregister from the site by clicking here . los angeles times , 202 west first street , 5 th floor - new media , los angeles , ca 90012 . copyright 2005  
2	Subject: come on in and select a rolex for you . - paliourg spq 33 igrd hello , we all want to wear swiss watchs , they are expensive - we all know that , now we have effordable replica ' s - - rolex - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from $ 99 ! ! also available :                  cartier frank muller jager - lecoultre omega patek philipe                  and more italian crafted rolex - complete watch store reliable service and support check here for more information regards israel staples - - - - - - - - - - - embargoes upton grammar antic e . g taketh stomp tepid annulled buggy bus angela fritillary secede indivisible diego castanet dainty lac premonitory branch delphine boustrophedon excessive start bryan wartime altitude ntis symbiosis stitch amputee rusty compelling godfrey pathology krakow corruptible relayed conciliatory insure infect indebted blowback socket act possemen sears vacate incant germany confluent augean metal campion wabash veil contemptible dang calorie frivolous september rainstorm defrock audit henry bellboy catenate adenosine across info circumspect manipulable hysteron swordfish comedy main twilight larvae neglect ale fiat adjunct draftee marsha posterity secrecy bedbug wire coax ooze headwater lefty caste smoky crumb passerby french centerline denver lilian flexible isotope current upraise accident holly o ' brien scarsdale impolite ehrlich canterbury indignity ziegler built bucknell eileen foal claremont wiretap meter complainant sensible hive alkaline southland digest boggy branch sylvania attorney drown washout layton civil practice ackerman emblematic suppression law calvert rubidium nineteen resplendent juridic auschwitz pickett christina sneak amos kinshasha presumption expansive cargoes dispelled turbine succession dispersive dust bistate chamber catfish tremendous embroidery arcsine truck marietta chemisorb amongst secant chargeable temperance sainthood volstead sanctimonious per neptune dahl stepson persecutory aspersion northern greyhound denounce coequal burst chasm posteriori bend visit waterman rosary catalysis barren actinic springe spaniel marry circumferential recluse vertebra fusillade hornwort janissary andiron simplistic cloudburst droplet cretaceous bahrein meetinghouse imagen diagram mezzo conciliatory his doctorate nob pfennig squishy aug dealt efficient tacky mantis slash portico storeroom asheville some zagging hydrology breadfruit felonious bellmen receptacle dugout catalina revocable condemn coppery blemish cautionary wilful prophylactic ferrite bunny silage quirinal prefer shirley smithy detriment psychology burglar inaccurate simple belligerent koch administratrix exponential inc compatriot parasol chris phonemic sank incontrollable steeplebush annulled bunny armata celia fed spa dc homicide eleanor exorcist thermionic foyer chant pip  
2	Subject: tadalafil soft tabs - great results ! hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / roared . net / soft / no thanks : http : / / roared . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: eastrans nominations changes effective 7 / 29 / 00 on 7 / 29 / 00 the compressor went down for hpl deliveries into eastrans . 3486 mmbtu was delivered on 7 / 29 / 00 . redeliveries for the 29 th will be 3486 into hpl from fcv . the differential of 7800 mmbtu - 3486 mmbtu  4314 mmbtu will be a sale into hpl . on july 30 th , 31 st and august lst there is 0 gas flow . 7800 mmbtu per day will be sold into hpl . 
2	Subject: fw : web content kal , below are preliminary comments from communications and marketing on the web content . we will be making more minor changes on thursday , during the final review process , and review the site once it goes live next week . i sent comments from legal to you earlier today . please let me know if you have questions . claudia 212 - 713 - 8508 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : halligan , laura [ ubs ] sent : tuesday , february 05 , 2002 1 : 00 pm to : robinson , claudia subject : importance : high here is marked version of web text . only got to page 3 . . . laura halligan associate director manager , marketing services ubs warburg americas - webtext . doc visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: hey there cialis sofftabs place haalf tab under toungee 9 minutes beffore action . . . for very long resultts l?arn m?re here nothnks  
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , loreen  
2	Subject: announcement for february 7 please talk up the senior high night out this wednesday . ? ? it is this friday night from 9 : 30 pm - 2 : 30 am , with bowling , broomball , and other stuff ! ? the cost is $ 20 . ? even though the kids will have their own events before and after broomball , they will be expecting their ? neon leaders for the broomball portion of the evening . we need to show up at the aerodrome shortly after 11 : 00 , and we ' ll have the ice from 11 : 15 - 12 : 15 . ? ? after that we ' ll go home and the kids will go on to other stuff till 2 : 30 ! ? see you at the aerodrome . ? bobby 
2	Subject: fwd : summer internship - - ph . d . in chicago celeste , i am a very good customer of your group . this is another student ( this time from chicago ) i would be glad to take into the group as an intern . the resume is attached at the bottom of this message . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2001 03 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - li xiao on 01 / 13 / 2001 01 : 41 : 29 pm to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com cc : subject : fwd : summer internship - - ph . d . in chicago hi , vince , this is li , writing from u . of chicago . i am in the second quarter here . the study and social life is extremely busy at the school . but i enjoy connecting the knowledge i learn everyday here with the experience i had with enron . a schoolmate of mine , a chicago ph . d . candidate in finance , is looking for an internship for the coming summer . i recommend him to write to you to see if you are interested in or if there is a need . if so , you can contact with him directly . he is a really bright guy . if not , hope you don ' t mind that i sell enron at school so hard . again , thanks for all the help you gave me . have a good new year . li p . s . : cover letter below and resume attached . li xiao university of chicago graduate school of business , class of 2002 ( 773 ) 955 - 0710 dear dr . vince kaminski , i am a ph . d . student in finance at the university of chicago gsb who  hopes to find a summer internship at enron of 2001 ( between june and  september ) . i heard your group from my friend li , who worked at enron  for 3 year . she spoke highly of you . if it ' s okay , i am primarily  interested in risk management . at the university of chicago , i will have completed all the ph . d .  courses in the area of finance by the end of the first year . as normally  it takes two years to finish the required finance courses , i decided to  take all the finance courses in the first year . in the fall quarter , i  already took empirical asset pricing and theoretical asset pricing and  did very well . in the winter quarter , i will be taking corporate  finance , continuous time finance and behavioral finance . i am exposed to  all fields of finance . prior to coming to chicago , i received a master ' s  degree in economics at washington university in saint louis where i  acquired skills in economic analysis . i also have a strong background in  statistics and mathematics . this makes me believe that i have acquired  the ability to do financial research . prior to coming to the united state , i was an outstanding graduate from  beijing university , china . i was the founder and president of beijng  univeristy society of oceanology . i also organized a research jouney in  the round - the - bo - sea economic region . these experience helped to hone my  communication and interpersonal skills . as illustrated above , my skills and expertise are ideally suited for  financial research . my resume is enclosed . in the event that you think  an interview is in need , my time is very flexible . your assistance is  appreciated . sincerely yours , jason chen ( huafeng ) 6022 s . drexel ave , apt 612 chicago , il 60637 ( 773 ) 955 - 0348 - resume . doc 
2	Subject: fw : back office - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gregwhalley [ mailto : 8777865122 @ skytel . com ] sent : thursday , january 10 , 2002 10 : 52 am to : lavorato , john subject : back office trouble withthe 13 mm in back office bonuses . advisors for creditors committee say take it out of their residual ownership . that would mean that we don ' t have the cash unless the buyer picks it up . 
2	Subject: better end to long week louise , of course , as soon as i send off my email to you . . . things change , but for the better . ? i spoke to nowlan and he is going to pay me by the end of next week and take me out for drinks . ? lavorato increased the var for the wellhead desk to $ 250 k . in addition , he is having gossett et . al fix the issues that were distorting grass ' s var position . ? lavorato spoke to bernie aucoin to focus resources to price ecs deals . he feels that if ews is wearing the risk associated with retail transactions , ecs should not have to interface with ees originators at all . in addition , he also understands that horsepower transactions have a combination of retail and wholesale commodity components . i am off to the 2 : 30 staff meeting . hope your day is well . i will give you an update on the other issues next week . regards , jean 
2	Subject: re : thank you ! frank , thanks a lot . look forward to meeting you again on campus . vince " frank qian " on 11 / 05 / 2000 05 : 10 : 06 pm to : cc : subject : thank you ! dear mr . kaminski : it ' s a great pleasure to have you visiting us and a great honor to have dinner with you . i ' d like to thank you for your wonderful presentation . it ' s the most interesting topic we had so far . this is not just my personal opinion , all my classmates i talked to agree with me . i like enron ' s style and culture and i think it played a big role in enron ' s success . i look forward to discuss career opportunities at enron during your on - campus interview session . regards , frank qian fqian @ andrew . cmu . edu 
2	Subject: management sub - committee deliverables cindy , in order to quantify some empirical deliverables to assess enron ' s management capabilities of retaining top performers and removing lower tiered performers , this sub - committee has outlined the following assignments to be completed for ebs , ena , ets , enron europe and enron corp . by the may 14 meeting : ? using year - end prc results , get the composition of the number of individuals per performance category , disaggregated between commercial and commercial support ? assuming that these individuals are in the same prc categories , assessment of the number of individuals retained per performance category as of may , 2001 ? for the employees that left a particular business unit , was the discharge involuntary or voluntary ( left to another firm or another enron business unit ) by gathering this empirical evidence , this management sub - committee can address the following questions : ? how effective were enron managers in removing lower tiered ( needs improvement / issues ) employees ? ? did lower tiered performers reallocate themselves to other business units ( i . e . . , reaffirming the myth that there is a subset of employees that exist " below the radar screen " and consistently job - hop ) ? ? have enron managers successfully retained top performers from the 2000 prc process ? other questions that we would like to answer , but will be limited by existing prc historical ratings are : ? for those individuals rated satisfactory and below , what have been their performance ratings in the past ? ? how many superior or excellent candidates have left over the past five years ? we wanted to send this email to highlight the need to acquire this prc data quickly from our human relations representatives . we wish to acquire the data in aggregate form , separated by performance category , work function ( commercial vs . commercial support ) and voluntary or involuntary egress from enron . the responsibility for acquiring this information by each enron business unit is as follows : ? ena - jean mrha ? ets - shelley corman ? ebs - kelly kimberly ? enron europe - richard lewis ? enron corp . - gregory adams if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me . regards , jean 
2	Subject: we give you $ 200 bonus at casino zeal ! hi , i have a special offer available for you at our casino . $ 20 to try our internet casino , no deposit is necessary ! at the casino software ' s cashier enter bonus code : fr 93 p $ 200 bonus on your first deposit ! at the casino software ' s cashier enter bonus code : fmjku allow us to show you our quality operation , fast payouts , generous bonuses , and super friendly around - the - clock customer support . click here : http : / / bigbonus - casino . net best regards , jamie zawinsky no thanks : http : / / bigbonus - casino . com / u / 
2	Subject: smalicap stock of interest investor aiert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention lauraan corporation - stock symbol : l r c j breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the ciose - watch out the stock go crazy on monday morning 24 th of january . current price : $ o . 12 current price : $ o . 12 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ o . 60 lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company se | | s primariiy through homebuilders to homebuyers who are building homes in the $ 300 k , and up range . lauraan is an eariy stage company in the process of developing its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technology industry . current price : $ 0 . 12 current status lauraan has completed its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company pians to acquire 3 more locations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currentiy has annuaiized revenues of $ 5 ook and is expected to double its monthly revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wi | | add an additiona | $ 2 . 5 million in revenue . long - term strategy the company plans to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of $ 5 o - 75 miilion by 2007 . lauraan wi | | be recognized for its quaiity of service , vaiue provided , and the simpiicity of its solutions . breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and buiider agreements grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstcal | via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their whoily - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has compieted an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of home and commercial security systems , to service their residential accounts in the atlanta area . in addition , syslync has been named the soie insta | | er for new insta | | ations of residential alarms for certicom and wiil be their provider of other home technology products too . sysiync also announced today that they were seiected as the preferred provider of home technoiogy products and services for atianta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a deveioper and buiider of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range . " these two agreements wiil more than double the homes we touch throughout the atianta area , " stated david watson , general manager of sysiync , " and the agreements wi | | provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitabiiity . " lauraan is a home entertainment and technology soiutions provider that offers buiiders and homeowners a single source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directly with buiiders and homeowners , to design and install home technology soiutions that f i t the homeowner ' s lifestyie and budget . safe harbor act discl @ imer : this press release contains forward - | 0 oking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may involve risks and uncertainties . forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are generally identifiable by the use of words such as " beiieve , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions . these forward - looking statements reiate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actual resuits , performance , and achievements may differ materia | | y from the resuits , performance , and achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - looking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form 10 - ksb on file with the sec . read this legal notes before you do anything else : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news reiease by yourself and judge by yourseif about the details in it . in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of l r c j shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that couid cause resuits to differ materia | | y from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shail constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid $ 19560 from third party to send this report . ail statements made are our express opinion only and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and seil any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " beiieve " , " may " , " wiil " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or simiiar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily placed in our l i s t , please gohere ( - stockpromoter 2005 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketinq toois wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: rastplatzsex auch in deiner nähe sex ohne finanziellem interesse ! Überall gibt es geheime treffpunkte ( meistens parkplätze ) auf denen sich tolerante frauen , männer und paare zu frivolen spielen zusammen finden . zusehen , zeigen , mitmachen - alles ist hier erlaubt ! es ist also egal , ob du gleich aktiv ins geschehen eingreifen oder es zunächst mit etwas abstand beobachten möchtest . hunderte girls findest du hier in unserer datenbank . du willst keine weiteren emails erhalten ?  
2	Subject: saratoga johns , ; 75 % off for all new softwares . windowxp , photoshop , window 2003 . . . etcmore firework , saw a second .  
2	Subject: message from dave forster " we need to be proactive on our name or the market will do it for us ( e . g . ubsol ) " . dave forster tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: re : tani , yes , i am aware of it . thanks for letting me know who is the hr rep in london . vince tani nath 05 / 02 / 2001 09 : 01 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect subject : vince , i don ' t know if you are already aware of this , but maureen raymond has been taken ill and i understand has received medical advice that she should not travel before the end of next week at the earliest . tara is the appropriate hr representative in london ; i will ask her to keep both you and houston hr informed of the situation . many thanks , tani 
2	Subject: re ` your pharmacy order # 8458 vlcodin and other inexpnsive medicnes - no prescriptlon required order now and get 8 o % off ! no more pls  
2	Subject: natural enlargement male enhancement and performance system forget about your partner faking her orgasm or not being able to please her . you will be able to penetrate deeper so your partner will experience more pleasure as well as multiple orgasms during sexual intercourse . 86 % of women surveyed said that they would like their partner to be more ' full ' sexually . check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd before i was always embarrassed , but now when i go workout or even just take a shower i feel really proud . for real , longz has turned my life around . i ' m amazed that a little pill can do all this ! jacob , canada no , then link above without more ado , he turned the indicator of the traveling machine and mounted into the air , leaving the turk sitting upon the rocks and staring after him in comical bewilderment 15 a battle with monsters our young adventurer never experienced a more grateful feeling of relief and security than when he found himself once more high in the air , alone , and in undisputed possession of the electrical devices bestowed upon him by the demon  
2	Subject: re : associate / analyst super saturday participation please read the following message regarding the associate and analyst super saturday program . the message containing the details for each date and the link to sign - up follows at the bottom of the message . jeff and mike would appreciate 100 % participation . thank you . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect on 10 / 23 / 2000 02 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : jana giovannini 10 / 23 / 2000 11 : 54 am to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , larry lawyer / enron communications @ enron communications cc : charlene jackson / corp / enron @ enron , julie braly / na / enron @ enron subject : super saturday interviewers jeff / larry , to follow up on my voicemail , the associate and analyst program is in great need of interviewers for october 28 th and november 4 th super saturdays . these weekends are the most critical at this time . to date , we are in need of an additional 38 interviewers for october 28 th and 67 for november 4 th . in order to have a successful recruiting season , we would greatly appreciate your assistance in getting more egm executives to participate in this effort . please contact me at x 39233 with any questions . thanks for your continued support . enron north america corp . from : shelly jones , recruiting manager @ enron 10 / 10 / 2000 06 : 03 pm sent by : enron announcements @ enron to : all enron employees north america cc : subject : associate / analyst super saturday participation enron managing directors , vice presidents , directors , and managers who utilize the associate / analyst pool as a follow up from a " save the date " email regarding your participation in the associate and analyst super saturday process , now is the time to select your dates to attend and participate . below are the dates for super saturday weekends during the upcoming recruiting season . if you are houston - based or if you know you will be in houston on business at the appropriate times please click the link below to volunteer . ( when selecting dates please avoid selecting to interview candidates who attend the schools for which you are a team member . ) associates analysts october 27 - 28 , 2000 november 3 - 4 thunderbird , ut , georgetown , rice rice , ut , baylor , a & m , ou , florida , lsu , uhcl november 10 - 11 , 2000 november , 17 - 18 , 2000 columbia , stern nyu , ucla , darden , cornell penn , uva , vanderbilt , michigan , howard , auc , vanderbilt , michigan uhmain december , 1 - 2 , 2000 december 8 - 9 , 20000 chicago , kellogg , harvard , wharton , mit wellesley , overflow and re - schedules from previous s / s friday , december 15 , 2000 carnegie mellon thank you for your support of the associate and analyst programs . shelly jones recruiting manager 
2	Subject: 3 hours vacation vince : if it is all right i would like to take a couple hours vacation in the morning . my grandson starts " middle school " ( 6 th grade ) and he wants me to take him . i should be in by 10 : 00 am . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: bequest notification of bequest on behalf of the trustees and executors of the estate of late engr . mark halligan , i once again try to notify you as my earlier letter was returned undelivered . i hereby attempt to reach you again by this same email address on the will . i wish to notify you that late engr . mark halligan made you a beneficiary to his will , he left the sum of nine million one hundred thousand pounds ( £ 9 , 100 . 000 . 00 ) to you in the codicil and last testament to his will . this may sound strange and unbelievable to you , but it is real and true . being a widely travelled man , he must have been in contact with you in the past or simply you were nominated to him by one of his numerous friends abroad who wished you good . engr . mark halligan until his death was a former managing director and pioneer staff of a giant construction company ( julius berger ) . he was a very dedicated christian who loved to give out . his great philanthropy earned him numerous awards during his life time . late engr . mark halligan died in 2004 at the age of 82 years , and his " will " is now ready for execution . according to him this money is to support your christian activities and to help the poor and the needy . please if i reach you as i am hopeful , endeavour to get back to me as soon as possible by email to enable me conclude my job , you should forward along your current telephone number , including your current mailing address . i hope to hear from you in no distant time . yours in his service , smith robertson , esq . ( for trustees ) managing partner ( t & west ) tel : 447031847933 fax : 448701329373 
2	Subject: re : industrial report i am referring to ken seaman ' s file which provides additional information . we definitely need ken ' s file completed by aug lst . and distributed to our group , daren farmer , and gary hanks . both files should be completed and can be linked on duplicate information . thanks , pat robert e lloyd @ ect 07 / 31 / 2000 09 : 29 am to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : industrial report i am confused . what file do you want me to update ; julie meyers file or ken seaman file ? both files provide similar data which is helpful to all of our support groups . to prepare both files i feel is a duplicate of my efforts . please let know if you want both files updated and the approximate time table for completion . enron north america corp . from : pat clynes @ enron 07 / 31 / 2000 09 : 02 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : indutrial report robert , this is the file that i referenced in my last email . please get this file going again . thanks , pat daren j farmer @ ect 02 / 25 / 2000 04 : 52 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : indutrial report robert , ken developed an industrial report before he left . it can be found at o / logistics / kenseaman / industrialsmonthly / . . . there is one file for each month of 2000 . i need you to update this for march . this will need to be distributed to gas control , logistics , and myself . let me know if you have any questions . d 
2	Subject: bait - excelled @ em . cas home could be worth more + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + this is an advertisement . if you would prefer to not receive future marketing messages from us + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from . com . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: re : more unmetered gas loss - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by becky pitre / hou / ect on 06 / 05 / 2000 12 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy klussmann 05 / 15 / 2000 11 : 28 am to : steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect cc : karry kendall / hou / ect @ ect , becky pitre / hou / ect @ ect , carol carter / hou / ect @ ect , alexia o pearce / hou / ect @ ect , jim coffey / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : more unmetered gas loss steve , two questions : 1 ) . does the answer below suffice for our needs ? and 2 ) . if yes , and with pat ' s answer in mind , would this be a cost that would go to your group first , then to ed as o & m , or would it go directly to ed ? i am not sure who has the ability to control these cost more directly , you or ed ? thanks , troy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by troy klussmann / hou / ect on 05 / 15 / 2000 10 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pat flavin @ enron 05 / 15 / 2000 09 : 46 am to : becky pitre / hou / ect @ ect cc : steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect , troy klussmann / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : more unmetered gas loss becky , in reviewing the spread the minimal volumes being reported are associated with the gas that supplies instrumentation on the pipeline , i . e . pressure and flow controllers , actuators , valve positioners , gas quality sampling and monitoring equipment , etc . becky pitre @ ect 05 / 15 / 2000 08 : 41 am to : pat flavin / gco / enron @ enron cc : subject : more unmetered gas loss pat , troy klussman was wanting to know when you would have something on the gas loss request below . thanks . becky - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by becky pitre / hou / ect on 05 / 15 / 2000 08 : 39 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - becky pitre 05 / 10 / 2000 09 : 14 am to : pat flavin / gco / enron @ enron cc : subject : more unmetered gas loss pat , attached is a file for unmetered gas loss for february 2000 . you have already answered my questions regarding meters 0980805 , 0980877 and 0980803 . after meeting with steve schneider it was decided to take a closer look at gas loss . steve would like explanations for all gas loss in feb . 2000 . the attached file should help you . all volumes in blue need an explanation . let me know if there is anything you need from me or if there is anything i can do . thank you . becky 
2	Subject: re : meeting sounds good . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : steiner , david sent : friday , april 27 , 2001 3 : 10 pm to : dietrich , dan ; o ' neil , murray ; williams iii , bill subject : re : meeting i am good with that , bill may not be available as i think he is out of the office at a class . do you want us to call you at your desk ? dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dietrich , dan sent : friday , april 27 , 2001 12 : 59 pm to : o ' neil , murray ; steiner , david ; williams iii , bill subject : meeting gentlemen , i would like to have a conference call to discuss recent it issues . how does 3 : 45 pm cst ( 1 : 45 pm pst ) sound . . . please advise . . dan 
2	Subject: aumente sua renda ol , em primeiro lugar ns do sistema seu sucesso , gostaramos de parabeniza - lo por ter dado seu lpasso para o sucesso visitando um de nossos sistemas . e por isso gostaramos de lhe oferecer esta incrvel oportunidade . oportunidade nica para voc ! hoje em dia , a maioria trabalha para pagar contas e no outro dia acorda pensando a mesma coisa . isso traz uma vida desgastante e cansativa . alm disso tira nossa maior riqueza o tempo de vida junto com nossos filhos e famlia . para mudar isso sabemos que devemos agregar mais valor ao mercado e obter uma renda complementar para pagar todas nossas despesas e contas do dia a dia . mas o que fazer ? como fazer ? que tempo ? temos exatamente tudo isso , pronto para lhe ajudar neste assunto . agora quanto voc gostaria de ganhar como renda complementar ? at r $ 1 . 000 , 00 / ms de r $ 1 . 000 , 00 r $ 3 . 000 , 00 / ms acima de r $ 7 . 000 , 00 / ms faa parte da industria que mais faz milionrios no brasil e no mundo . favor , s acesse o site se voc for : srio , dinmico , maior de 18 anos , 2 grau completo e tem acesso a computador e internet . clique aqui ! esta mensagem enviada com a complacncia da nova legislao sobre correio eletrnico , seo 301 , pargrafo ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) decreto s . 1618 , ttulo terceiro aprovado pelo 105 congresso base das normativas internacionais sobre o spam . este e - mail no poder ser considerado spam quando inclua uma forma de ser removido . para ser removido de futuros correios , simplesmente clique aqui .  
2	Subject: professional new homes in 24 hours . dear sir or madam , would you refinance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 1 . 92 % . don ' t believe me ? fill out our small online questionaire and we ' ll show you how . get the house / home and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 10 seconds of your time : http : / / rogervas . com / quote / best regards , andrew banks no thanks : http : / / rogervas . com / quote / rem . php 
2	Subject: littoral footage certain hello , i finally was able to lose the weight i have been struggling to lose for years ! and i couldn ' t believe how simple it was ! amazing patch makes you shed the pounds ! it ' s guaranteed to work or your money back ! not intreseted ingrate analogy barbital atheism devil indelicate rim barbarian argon degumming massive chortle compote mudd bluff nevada borg hawaiian mite pathfind irrepressible aegean aphasia froth foolhardy eric nimbus bing ella graph foal habitation barfly blanc ammunition appendices accommodate patti hoar dress sallow archetypical fiat hydrophilic drudge contest handyman fishpond phosphine lanthanum philharmonic christina dreadnought ibm history concierge danzig hutchison bauble glee clubhouse follicle attain albright baneful kennedy abduct bidirectional ebb handmade chord gosh cerium counterattack handsome ernie clothesmen discuss esmark hue agglutinate cluster gyro jure ruthenium schoolmaster cheesecake exaggerate fescue cancelling explicit done ascend edison attestation platen conservatory liechtenstein latin monadic intervenor bate ewing calligraphy estonia cornelia californium buick cupful louvre clot backstop alluvium briggs descendent funereal foursquare northerly implode bladdernut elude condemn hobble newcomer genre contumacy parson raphael resin marksmen amplifier bike extricable sergei despond paper exposure holocaust crankcase lin boyce dollar chugging altair germanium psychiatric fortiori alundum newsstand awhile marten large donnybrook acute emulsion inventory seventh itch kruger phil ashtray dichotomy aggressive goodyear armada downslope derby o ' leary gear idiosyncratic ballard boyhood frost heterozygous cockeye dehumidify hood barbecue ewing forum churchyard notate irremovable ames nato pupate nausea cobol hanson madeira rangoon hansom adagio cessna famine mastic epidermic griswold inverness anisotropy dewdrop groat downs quiescent dextrose lucia gall justice o ' donnell alan eighteen conversion david embargo antoinette crossbill feudal grimace afoot bird calcine gestapo oldsmobile facetious complain belfast monk site actinide bless incomparable ruin draftee iambic frederick aeschylus ferrule bottommost eisner homeomorphic phase mangel pl salesgirl adverbial safeguard model brookline palladia oppression oyster berniece del aeschylus purify 
2	Subject: how are ya ? hey , how ya been ? long time no see . 
2	Subject: amy fitzpatrick sent me a list and asked me to estimate bonus numbers for eol employees destined for netco . i ' d like to talk to you before i work on this .  
2	Subject: randi is the right man for the job is your penis smaller than 8 inches ? if yes , than you need to click here . turn off notifications here . vj international exports ltd st . augusta # 4924 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: fw : eol source code here ' s my permission , in case you ' re interested . if you want enw to work in the same direction as you , let us know what the goal is beforehand . you know i ' ve tried to communicate . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : piper , greg sent : thursday , december 06 , 2001 6 : 48 pm to : pickering , mark cc : beck , sally ; richter , brad subject : re : eol source code talk with richter and louise together if possible . initially newco would only get an exclusive license for gas and power and not the code but i think creditors should have options so brad is still looking at determining eol value outside of a newco deal . greg piper 
2	Subject: § x?z ? a ¨ ? ¦ ? ¤ £ · | ¥ ? ? ? " width  0 height  0 > 
2	Subject: do you care ? last art notice have , little . during correct region direct dress . tell , also , did compare , machine . fall , us eight same with story . by , self picture wind next earth . poem open half , plan thing govern . spot century , eye against again end law . except drive with square rock area measure . after , able , there find egg rise . felt grass by . protect and self together these her . strong baby red lie keep usual . store bird lost self . even meet go best does ring be . - - phone : 802 - 381 - 6044 mobile : 729 - 266 - 3414 email : verses @ comcast . net  
2	Subject: give your partner more pleasure the longz system , both the capsules and the free instructional manual , give you the most effective ways to reach immediate size gains and improve the strength and power of your erections . 90 % of males were interested in improving their sexual stamina , performance , and the size of their manhood . are you one of the 90 % ? my name is charles , and i wanted to thank you for your personal attention ( and answers to my extra questions ) , your support team is exceptional and made me feel like a real valued customer . keep it up and thanks again ! - charles , ontario check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd http : / / tgo . t . . com / k / po box in link above and you can say no thank you for future under ordinary circumstances the stern features and flashing black eyes of this redoubtable warrior would have struck a chill of fear to the boy ' s heart ; but now under the influence of the crushing misfortunes he had experienced , he was able to gaze with indifference upon the terrible visage of the desert chief . the tatar seemed not to consider rob an enemy instead , he looked upon him as an ally , since the turks had bound and robbed him 
2	Subject: furniture louise , do you anticipate needing one more set of ooc executive furnishings or will 2 satisfy us ? thanks , trs 
2	Subject: my new phone number . . r ; ates are lowest they ' ve been in years ! ref ; inance now and save thousands ! lnterest as low as 3 . 93 % . information below : ntvvoodoo . com / 001 / edwards : . . . more negative attacks - - aren ' t you sick of it ? 
2	Subject: breaking biotech news hey , i thought you might want to take a look at gtha could genethera become the next darling of biotech ' as they announce collaborations with industry giant beckman coulter ? breaking biotech news : genethera inc . to collaborate with biotech giant beckman coulter inc . - genethera news release july 11 th , 2005 . genethera inc . ( otc . bb : gtha ) a molecular biotech company located in wheat ridge , co . granted first right of refusal to beckman coulter , inc . ( nyc : bec $ 63 . 34 ) to license genethera ' s patented technology for developing live - animal ' genetic diagnostic tests . this is a significant milestone for genethera . beckman coulter is one of the world ' s leading manufacturers of biomedical testing systems , tests and supplies . our collaboration will unite the expertise of beckman coulter with the cutting edge technology of genethera . - dr . antonio milici , m . d . , ph . d . genethera inc . genethera provides genetic diagnostic solutions for the veterinary and agricultural industries with future plans to include the healthcare industry . the company was formed to realize the commercial potential of molecular diagnostic assays using roche ' s f - pcr technology to detect the presence of infectious disease from the blood of animals , particularly live animals . this platform enables genethera to offer tests that are presently not available from any other technology . future plans include all infectious disease potentially affecting domesticated livestock as well as wildlife intended for human consumption with priority being given to mad cow , johne ' s and foot and mouth diseases in cattle . genethera has successfully developed the ability to detect both mad cow disease and chronic wasting disease ( cwd ) also known as mad deer or elk . free information reguarding stocks ! e - mail first name last name phone number view full report view full report company : genethera inc . symbol : gtha exchange : otc . bb recent price : $ 0 . 90 outstanding shares : 21 mil website : www . genethera . net prior to the 1 st case of mad cow , u . s . beef exports in 2003 in the us were valued at near $ 6 billion . most of the export dollars have since been lost with the international us beef ban imposed in 2004 . over 90 million cattle are in feedlots in the u . s . over 35 million cattle have been slaughtered in the u . s . annually beckman coulter , inc . is a leading manufacturer of biomedical testing instrument systems , tests and supplies that simplify and automate laboratory processes . spanning the biomedical testing continuum - - from pioneering medical research and clinical trials to laboratory diagnostics and point - of - care testing - - beckman coulter ' s 200 , 000 installed systems provide essential biomedical information to enhance health care around the world . the company , based in fullerton , calif . , reported 2004 annual sales of $ 2 . 4 billion with 64 percent of this amount generated by recurring revenue from supplies , test kits and services . for more information , visit www . beckmancoulter . com . we are looking forward to working with genethera to identify commercial applications of their technology . - chris neary , general manager , prion business center , beckman coulter , inc . in most countries around the globe , the discovery of a cow with mad cow disease ' leads to the immediate slaughter of hundreds , even thousands of cattle out of wide spread fear of disease spread and the need to complete disease testing on the dead animals . costly international beef recalls ' are common since mad cow ' testing ( until now ) has only been conducted after the slaughter process . genethera ' s live animal ' blood test could lead to halting of mass slaughters and widespread panic , while saving the industry hundreds of millions of dollars each year . through the testing of a single blood sample , genethera could end the need to slaughter entire herds of cattle and other animals for disease testing - saving the industry hundreds of millions of dollars each year . currently funded by an institutional money manager in southern california , genethera has plans to open laboratories worldwide to meet this exploding bse testing demand . you want to invest in the dna revolution ? don ' t wait for customized drugs , which are years away . buy shares in a company using dna for diagnostic work . forbes - good genes , kerry a . dolan , may 16 , 2005 new patented tests created with information gleaned from genome mapping have injected new life and higher margins ( near 75 % ) into the business . the $ 2 . 5 billion molecular diagnostics industry is expanding at a 15 % annual rate , according to consulting firm leomics associates of emerson , n . j . genethera ( gtha ) : making their mark in biotech genethera has just recently teamed up with biotech giant beckman coulter inc . they are the first to market with a blood test for mad cow disease on live cattle they have the ability to detect numerous infectious diseases utilizing genetic methods from the blood of a live animal they are the first to market with a blood test for detecting cwd they are presently developing a therapeutic vaccine for cwd and mad cow disease using rna interference technology they are currently developing a blood test using the same platform for breast and prostate cancer detection with their strategic partner xpng ( xpention genetics inc . ) genethera could end beef recalls ' and potentially the slaughter of millions of animals around the globe while saving the industry hundreds of millions of dollars each year currently funded by an institutional money manager in southern california , genethera has plans to open laboratories worldwide to handle this growing bse testing demand . genethera could generate revenues over $ 13 million for every 1 % of cattle tested in the usa alone international testing figures would be staggering . genethera technology : genethera ' s business is based on its integrated technology platform ( itp ) that combines a proprietary diagnostic solution called gene expression assay ( gea ( tm ) ) with purivax ( tm ) , its system for analyzing large - scale dna sequencing . the first part of this platform is the ongoing development of molecular diagnostic assays solutions using real time fluorogenic polymerase chain reaction ( f - pcr ) technology to detect the presence of infectious disease from the blood of live animals . the second part of the itp is the development of therapeutic vaccines using rna interference technology . it also allows for the efficient , effective , and continuous testing , management and treatment of animal populations . these facts distinguish the technology from any alternative testing and management methodology available to agriculture today - - all of which require the destruction of individual animals and even entire herds . our testing and data analysis processes also allow us not only to separate infected from clean animals , but also to gain knowledge vital to development of preventative vaccines . genethera inc . is committed to providing global access to cutting edge biotechnology services to fellow scientists in academia , the pharmaceutical industry , and the biotechnology industry . primarily , genethera ' s expertise focuses on technology relevant to animal and human immunotherapy . genethera is dedicated to furnishing dependable , high quality , cost - effective and prompt client consulting services . these services are backed by the cumulative experiences of greater than 100 years of research and development in both government and industry by genethera ' s senior scientists . genethera develops a commercial - scale implementation of adenovector purification process to support rd material production . furthermore , genethera evaluates and tests commercially available expression vectors and incorporates them into its vector repertoire . these technologies are well established within the repertoire of genethera ' s scientific staff . genethera can uniquely detect and treat a variety of diseases in animals while they are still alive . the company provides genetics - based diagnostic and vaccine solutions to meet the growing demands of today ' s veterinary industry and tomorrow ' s agriculture and healthcare industries . the company is organized and operated both to continually apply its scientific research to more effective management of diseases and , in so doing , realize the commercial potential of molecular biotechnology . the core of genethera ' s operation is the ongoing development of molecular diagnostic assays using real time fluorogenic polymerase chain reaction . ( f - pcr ) technology uses live animal blood to detect the presence of infectious diseases and for the development of vaccines for such blood born diseases . it also allows for the efficient , effective , and continuous testing , management and treatment of animal populations . these facts distinguish the technology from any alternative testing and management methodology available to agriculture today - - all of which require the destruction of individual animals and even entire herds . our testing and data analysis processes also allow us not only to separate infected from clean animals , but also to gain knowledge vital to development of preventative vaccines . to date , genethera has successfully developed the assay ability to detect mad cow and chronic wasting disease , a disease affecting elk and deer in north america . diagnostic assays for e . coli ol 57 : h 7 and johnne ' s disease are in the final stages of development . vaccines for e . coli ol 57 : h 7 and johnne ' s disease , both of which are diseases affecting cattle , are in advanced stages of development . in the future , the company plans to expand assay application research to a wide range of diseases / animals , the immediate targets being mad cow , hoof mouth , west nile and newcastle . genethera can detect bse using the companies patented live animal blood test that evaluates the e . d . r . f . gene sequence . the e . d . r . f . gene is proven to decrease dramatically before any tse infection is noticeable in a live animal or human . the patent gtha holds is broad based and can detect all tse diseases including mad cow ( bse ) in cattle , cwd in elk deer and creutzfeld - jacobs in humans the company ' s patented test can detect these diseases faster than any other method developed in the marketplace and at far less a cost . the test can also be used on a mass scale using roche f - pcr , dna analyzing robotics equipment . genethera can analyze over 2000 blood samples a day with one f - pcr machine and a single technician . the project will prove highly profitable at approx $ 4 . 00 per test when wide scale commercialization is under way . a multi - billion dollar , international demand for commercial mad cow testing has emerged around the globe . japan conducted 3 million post - mortem rapid mad cow tests last year alone . they used the western blot developed by prionics ag in swizterland and bio - rad ' s rapid test . costs are between $ 20 and $ 40 dollars per test . most importantly , other tests in the marketplace cannot detect the disease until the animal has been killed . testing through post - mortem brain tissue exams is extremely labor intensive and costly . japan spent between $ 60 million - $ 120 million on 3 million post mortem rapid mad cow tests in 2004 . genethera ' s simple blood test can be collected using their patented field collection system . the sample is then mailed to the lab for testing . the company also stated in their recent 10 k that they are currently in negotiations with strategic testing partners that we believe will absorb the costs of commercializing our live animal mad cow test . management : dr . tony milici - chairman of the board , president ceo dr . milici is a ph . d . in experimental hematology and m . d . in medicine and surgery , receiving degrees from university of rome ( italy ) and stanford university . his specialties include : molecular biology / biotechnology , gene therapy / molecularly oncology and molecular . he has had extensive post - graduate training that includes a fellowship in the department of clinical immunology with the university of texas m . d . anderson cancer center and visiting fellow at university of rome ' s laboratory of cellular immunology and biochemistry . among his post - graduate activities , dr . milici was an assistant professor at the medical college of georgia ' s department of pharmacology toxology as well as an assistant biochemist in the department of molecular pathology at the university of texas m . d . anderson cancer center in houston , tx . prior to founding genethera , inc . , dr . milici was president ceo of genetrans , inc . based in augusta , ga . , a diagnostics laboratory . for dr . milici , genethera is a realization of an ambition to demonstrate the commercial potential of molecular biotechnology . dr . thomas j . slaga - board member dr . slaga is a ph . d . in physiology and biophysics with undergraduate degrees in biology / chemistry . since 1999 , dr . slaga has served as an adjunct professor in the department of biochemistry molecular biology at university of colorado ' s health sciences center located in denver , co . dr . slaga ' s career is steeped in research and development roles and affiliations concentrating on cancer . examples include : chair / scientific director for cancer causation and prevention , the amc cancer research center located in denver , co ; director , professor of biochemistry at the university of texas m . d . anderson cancer center ( science park - research division ) located in smithville , tx ; and group leader and research staff member , skin carcinogenesis and tumor promotion , biology division of the oak ridge national laboratory in oak ridge , tn . dr . slaga ' s blend of scientific and management experience lends to genethera ' s board an important dimension vis - - vis its development opportunities . mr . richard w . bryans , jr . - board member - general counsel mr . bryans is an attorney at law in denver , co . a graduate of regis university in business administration / economics , mr . bryans went on to graduate from the university of denver college of law and has been practicing law in denver for over 12 years . mr . bryans provides the genethera board with the much - valued legal perspective to benefit a young , publicly traded company . additionally , the company will be able to take advantage of mr . bryans ' legal experience in the important area of vaccine licensing that is integral to the future of genethera . to join market movers mailings click here to find out more . tw inc . 4636 hidden forest dr . sarasota fl , 32430 disclaimer : this publicly distributed email report of otc special situations report , a publication of otc growth stock watch , is a sponsored advertisement . this paid advertising issue of otc growth stock watch does not purport to provide an analysis of any company ' s financial position and is not in any way to be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security . otc growth stock watch is a paid advertiser . xpention genetics inc . is the featured company . the distribution costs of this report to new subscribers , eighty thousand dollars were funded by tw inc . in an effort to create investor awareness of xpention genetics , inc . tw inc . is not a broker - dealer nor are they an investment advisor . market movers , otc growth stock watch , otc special situations report , nor is geoffrey eiten to be considered a broker - dealer though they are investment advisors . it is anticipated that this report will generate new subscriptions for growth stock watch . neither otc growth stock watch nor geoffrey eiten , the reviewer [ or analyst ] , received any compensation for this report , but both expect to receive an unknown amount of revenue from new subscriptions from the subscription offer contained herein . this report , including the opinions expressed and the statements made within , is for informational and advertising purposes only and should not be construed as investment advice and do not constitute an offer to sell any securities , and it is not soliciting an offer to buy any securities in any state or other jurisdiction where the offer or sale is not permitted . readers should consult with their own professional investment , tax and portfolio advisors before making any investment decision and should independently verify all information herein . the information used to prepare this report is believed to be from reliable sources , but no representation is made as to the accuracy or completeness of such information . investment in securities carries a high degree of risk and involves risks and uncertainties which may result in investors ' losing all of their invested capital . past performance does not guarantee future results . the information contained herein contains forward - looking statements , within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 . forward - looking statements are based upon expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events to differ materially from those anticipated . forward - looking statements may be identified through the use of words such as expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , or by statements indicating certain actions may , could , should , or might occur . any statements that express or involve predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals or future events or performance may be forward - looking statements . factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include but are not limited to adverse economic conditions , intense competition , lack of meaningful research results , inadequate capital , termination of contracts or agreements , adverse publicity and news coverage , inability to carry out research , development and commercialization plans , loss or retirement of key executives and research scientists , and other risks detailed in the company ' s reports filed with the securities and exchange commission . more complete information about xpention genetics , inc . is available from the website of the securities and exchange commission , at http : / / www . sec . gov , and copies of its filings may be read without charge at and copies obtained at prescribed rates from the public reference facilities of the commission , at 450 fifth street , nw , washington , dc 20549 . media matrix 7025 county rd . , 46 a dte 1071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: more then 70 great pornstars sex movles ! dowlnoad all our collection ! - x 45 come explore the world ' s largest adult studio ! see all the biggest names in porn in exclusive hardcore xxx movies . vivid got the hottest pornstars ! http : / / arhat . com . babylom . info / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - denounce cometh biceps anaplasmosis bogging absent coplanar backward bulrush bookstore cauchy cryptology 
2	Subject: epe lending for 7 / 27 - 7 / 28 you know the drill , right ? we ' ll be short 50 mw ( 25 under stwbom , 25 under stsw ) for friday and saturday . on peak hours . price is $ 64 . 60 . purchases from el paso have been entered under both desks . please reduce the stwbom purchase price ( 704426 ) to $ 4 after purchasing energy in the market . ( adjust price accordingly if you buy from el paso . ) sell back to el paso at a zero price . here are the deals : 704426 - stwbom buys epe 704432 - stwbom sells stsw 704441 - stsw buys epe it appears this arrangement has been working quite well over the past few days ( making money , not errors ) . keep up the good work ! kate 
2	Subject: awaiting confirmation how have you been , you have been chosen to participate in an invitation only event ! are you currently paying over 3 % for your mortgage ? stop ! we can help you lower that today ! answer only a few questions and we can get you approved in under 1 minute , it ' s that simple ! more info here : aynhgh . com $ 332 , 000 loans are available for only $ 269 / month ! everyone is approved ! bad credit ? no problem ! we ' ll have you saving money in no time ! are you ready to save ? just fill out our short form : aynhgh . com goodbye , dana e . wayne , jr babbiegurlacontias @ wapicode . com when all think alike , no one is thinking very much . - walter lippmann ( 1889 - 1974 ) . is the manager missing walking ? . doesn ' t kate ' s granddaughter miss shaving for a few months ? . life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises . samuel butler ( 1612 - 1680 ) . if all pulled in one direction , the world would keel over . - yiddish proverb . that dentist is not enjoying writing near my home . . 
2	Subject: new message . you have [ 1 ] new message . please view it at : your message will automatically be deleted in 5 days . filler misshapen dairy carmen anglicanism errant finessing cowbell kodak anger genuine arthritis asperity barnstorm placental delectable hemorrhage bender update bulldoze coleman acme herschel safekeeping bobbie total paranoia audiovisual piggyback sousa intransigent nubia purslane opalescent pigeon eva magnesite them riboflavin dostoevsky delicti vie badge apocalyptic burglar aerobic bulb haughty arduous emilio section arsenide porcelain tachistoscope caribbean corpse retard counterman basil natty jackanapes brim escapade crusty seance dim resultant valletta grandiloquent domenico abel sykes bequest latex marshal fireside speckle cheney deniable buffoon weight al antioch keep elsewhere clergymen corporate athletic fallacious mclaughlin guardia alsatian dachshund coaxial intone eigenfunction arachne arcturus dissuade buchwald cellular isocline toothpaste vinyl concision homily bade offload audubon aftermath waterfall contagion contradistinction synonymous thereupon formulae koenig memento affectionate checkbook makeup council mettle fervent tone cornwall isentropic jazzy 2 
2	Subject: want a $ 250 electronics gift card ? motto for a dog i love this little house because it offers after dark , a pause for rest , a rest for paws , a place to moor my bark . nguphi jinganishund qbmjpvsh luloneba jju - efnplsjupt - hs sadeera vashoceseku nuguhaquoc acenenoph ramohal wusath kasozataewa 
2	Subject: cheap cia " lis softtabs online new clalls softtabs  lnstant rockhard erectlons simply disolve half a plll under your tongue 10 min before action , for results that last all weekend . normal retail is $ 19 / plll order from us today at the price of $ 3 . 98 not interested ( 0 pt - 0 ut )  
2	Subject: about celebration original replica rolex and other handwatches for gentlemen and ladies from only $ 229 . 99 use this special link to see discounted prices . a . lange alain silberstein audemars piguet bmw breguet breitling bvlgari cartier chanel chopard chronoswiss corum franck muller girard perregaux glashutte original gucci iwc jaeger lecoultre longines louis vuitton maurice lacroix montblanc movado omega panerai parmigiani fleurier patek philippe piaget rado roger dubuis rolex tag heuer ulysse nardin vacheron constantin vip rolex - - phone : 835 - 194 - 2473 mobile : 672 - 505 - 1694 email : grosvenoraustin @ cocolee . net 
