2	Subject: joe carson greg , two things i did not manage to mention to you at the meeting on monday . 1 . joe carson . i was very positively impressed by joe carson . enron badly needs a senior economist of his stature and experience . he has many contacts in the industry and can represent enron well . he is very pragmatic and , also , i expect a cool head on old shoulders . one negative is that he wants to work out of new york . the tradeoff is between maintaining his contacts and working closer with the desks . 2 . tony mends . i think you , or louise , should explore the possibility of using the skills of tony mends . tony and i are good friends so i may be biased . i think that he is a very smart and efficient person and can contribute a lot to the organization that relies on processing huge volumes of information . vince 
2	Subject: tim belden in houston this week fyi - - tim will be in houston this week attending prc and other meetings . there is a possibility he may be back in the office friday afternoon . let me know if you need assistance . 
2	Subject: merrill investor mtg . on 4 / 10 louise - on april 10 , our analysts at merril lynch ( donato eassey and carl kirst ) are hosting an evening with senior mgmt . of energy merchants for 25 of their top insitutional clients . the event will be at south shore harbor . we have arranged this on your calendar to participate as the senior enron rep . other energy attendees we know of at this point include : el paso clark smith dynegy mat shoutsman williams bill hobbs duke _ _ _ _ kelly enron you i do not have a specific agenda or client list yet - will send as soon as available . starting mid afternoon ( time to be confirmed - likely between 2 and 2 : 30 ) , merrill will set up 5 separate conference rooms with a company in each conference room . they will rotate 5 clients from room to room every 20 minutes to 1 / 2 hour to meet with each company executive and ir person . they would like each company to put together no more than 5 slides with their strategy , focusing on distinctions . the sessions will be informal , allowing the firms to ask specific company - related questions . donato has been a long - time sailor and has a 50 + foot boat . at 5 : 00 p . m . they will take the boat to the aquarium ( you can also drive to the aquarium - 10 mins . ) . dinner will be at 6 : 00 and this should be done by 8 : 00 p . m . at that time they will board the boat again back to south shore harbor . whoever decided to drive to dinner can leave at that time ( might be a reasonable alternative for someone in late stage pregnancy ! ) . we don ' t often ask mgmt . to give up an evening when in houston , but this event is important to merrill . i expect the to 25 firms represented to be worthwhile . i very much appreciate your availability - will be in touch with more specifics . thanks , paula 
2	Subject: hey buddy - do you want to be thin hi there buddy - beat the depression problems v ' i . 0 . x ' x 25 m . g 3 o piils 72 . 5 o v . 1 . a . g * r * a 10 o m , g 32 pills 149 . oo c . 1 . a . l . 1 . s 20 m ' g 10 pills 79 . 0 o full information : http : / / attain . megacheapmeds . net / a / 209120 / fracture ! same day shlpp 1 ng ! we also have in stock : x . a , n * a . x 1 m , g 3 o p ! lls 79 . 00 p . r . 0 . z . a , c 20 m ' g 3 o p ! | | s 11 o . oo p . a , x , 1 ' l 2 o m * g 20 pi | | s 155 . 0 o m , e ' r * i . d ' i . a lo m . g 3 o pills 147 . oo update your info jordan carlson weaponsmith b a t & d , 1646 , argentina phone : 444 - 552 - 1474 mobile : 727 - 611 - 9467 email : llqmxktgmsbus @ building . com this message is beng sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this file is a 6 [ 2 
2	Subject: fw : dash spending controls team meeting louise , we ' re making good progress with a new project expense management protocol that will provide business unit executives with higher quality information on project expenditures as well as automatically require management authorization or re - authorization at pre - determined levels of spend or dash approved limits . my plan is to have this implemented by lq 2002 . richard lauer from rac is leading this effort . i ' ll keep you posted on developments . let me know if you have any specific thoughts or requests on this . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lauer , richard sent : monday , october 22 , 2001 6 : 19 pm to : vargas , hope ; pierce , jody ; hodges , georganne ; schneider , chip ; boehm , rick ; musser , paul ; dupre , david ; carson , rick l . ; lowry , donna ; stafford , clayton subject : dash spending controls team meeting this e - mail follows the october 18 th isc ( sap ) working session and other one - on - one accounting process meetings . both working session and process meetings have been very productive . in preparation of tomorrow ' s team meeting , clayton stafford has outlined several sap features and possible process enhancements as follows : ? opportunity may exist to create projects at the project definition level in sap . this would enable aggregate charges to be summarized and actual compared to budget across multiple company codes . need to further understand the relationship between profit centers and project definition levels in sap . ? may consider default project budgets of $ 2 . 5 mm until an approved dash is received that commits funds in excess of $ 2 . 5 mm . ? sap has an email notification feature that could be used to alert a designated person / group when a project is approaching or has exceeded budget ( within an approved tolerance level ) . some limitations do exist . ? sap can be coded to capture unique data ( possibly the dash number ) at the project definition level . management reports can be generated from the unique field . ? reporting features may be enhanced through the current sunrise project . please bring your thoughts and ideas . see you tomorrow in eb 2386 at 9 am . richard lauer rac compliance manager ( 713 ) 853 - 4884 
2	Subject: re : efa meetings tom , thanks for your message . i shall be glad to attend the meeting ( of course a lot may happen between now and then and we may have many unexpected developments in a company as dynamic as enron ) . i want to get back to you at some point with comments on your paper . vince tom arnold on 07 / 03 / 2000 05 : 19 : 48 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : efa meetings hello vince , a colleague and i are hoping to have a panel discussion on energy securities for the coming eastern finance association meetings ( april 25 - 28 , 2001 in charleston , south carolina ) . i was wondering if you or someone you know at enron would be interested in participating in such a meeting . i realize that you may not be able to plan this far in advance and would certainly not be offended in the least if you cannot participate . we already appreciate you taking time out of your schedule this past semester to visit lsu . i hope all is going well and wish you continued success in your ventures , tom arnold 
2	Subject: re : berney actually i think he is out - he just put a call into you chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 23 , 2002 8 : 44 am to : calger , christopher f . subject : re : berney i think he ' ll be done at his current offer , do you want to give him more ? i told him he ' s reporting to you and milly and he was pleased . are you listening or video conferencing into this meeting ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: your women will be happy ! how does viagra professional work ? viagra is a prescription drug used to treat erection difficulties , such as erectile dysfunction ( ed ) . since it first became available in 1998 , the prescription drug viagra has helped about 16 million men around the world to improve their sex lives . amazing , 9 tablets are dispensed every second worldwide . and no other therapy or prescription drug for erectile dysfunction has been studied as much or has the same amount of real - world experience as viagra since its launch . it ' s no wonder more than 600 , 000 doctors have chosen the prescription drug viagra for their patients with ed . fact is , when taken correctly , viagra works for most men . studies show that it works for up to 4 out of 5 men ( versus 1 out of 4 on sugar pill ) . viagra improves erections for most men no matter how long they have had ed , what caused it , how often they have it , or how old they are . if this treatmentis not effective for you , we will refund you for every unopened pack . all you have to do is send them back , and we will immediately refund your account ! read more and order now remove your email 
2	Subject: dr . kaminski , on wednesday , june 14 th i attended your presentation entitled " the challenge of valuation of energy related derivatives " at the risk 2000 conference in boston . can you please e - mail me the slides you presented . also , you mentioned that the method you used to calculate volatility for energy prices was not the " normal " method . can you please tell me , or give me a reference to the method that you did use . thank you , aaron gould senior risk management analyst pseg services corporation aaron . gould @ pseg . com 1 - 973 - 456 - 3527 
2	Subject: re : employee reinstatement ok . we actually had here on netco list . i ' ll remove her . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dietrich , janet sent : thursday , january 10 , 2002 2 : 30 pm to : oxley , david ; cash , michelle ; sullivan , kriste ; wheeler , terrie ; jones , robert w . - hr exec cc : pieper , kalen ; delaney , david ; luce , laura subject : employee reinstatement we have offered re - employment to dierdre mccaffrey and she has accepted effective today . we need to reinstate her back to december 5 , 2001 . robert jones is handling all needed paperwork , etc . dierdre was in egm - freights markets prior to being terminated on 12 / 03 / 01 . prior to egm , she spent numerous years in various positions in wholesale gas structuring , trading , and origination . she was instrumental in identifying , evaluating , and negotiating most of our gas asset management transactions . she worked with laura luce and team on the peoples ' gas transactions , and she will be critical in ensuring we maintain and optimize these contracts and positions going forward . she will be working with laura luce in the enron estate . thank you . 
2	Subject: re : support for exotica steve , i am calling anjam to give him a deadline regarding move to houston . if he decides to stay in houston , you should meet with him to convey the concerns regarding his performance . vince steven leppard 10 / 13 / 2000 03 : 50 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , tani nath / lon / ect @ ect cc : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , sharad agnihotri / lon / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect subject : support for exotica all sharad ' s investigations of exotica ' s status in london have turned up a very confused state of affairs . this isn ' t being helped by the fact that : 1 . anjam is rarely at his desk , and can ' t be found anywhere in the building . 2 . when he is around he isn ' t willing or able to provide all the information sharad might need to support exotica . this is worrying since much of our business depends on the validity of exotica ' s valuations . sharad will now request information from anjam via email to leave a trail , and i want to alert you to the fact that sharad will be cc ' ing you in on these emails . if things don ' t improve soon , i may need to request some assistance in extracting this information from anjam . many thanks , steve 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 18 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011815 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: hi goes very back steps . money bad appearance sugar did ? hottest demanding meds at afforrdable priicewe shiip to all countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from appearanceraise clicck here to order steps mischievous love money thus appearance you . reading carefully thus . you did anything wanted . shining somewhere promised goes servants . benefit principle slow different motor anybody . thus human next you thus fire ? gym immediate human mischievous tying ? studied parents reference money studied goes ? happened hard hard leader .  
2	Subject: best news yet investment scholars club - bringing you the latest from the financial epicenter . research alert - undervalued august 26 , 2002 xraymedia ( otcbb : xrmd ) alert rating  8 congratulations to our subscribers who moved in fast on our last report ! pick # 1 - internet incubator giant cmgi has paid off very well , up over 150 % on major volume and great news . pick # 2 - enbc began its ' heavy move up over 200 % hitting a high of over 300 % . . . our latest discovery : xrmd - several investment reporters featured xraymedia during fiscal 2001 / 02 . at the time , we felt that the advertising industry created a huge opportunity for the company ' s direct sourcing technology solutions , and so far the company has delivered . although the company has raised just $ 2 million in the two years it has been developing its ’ technology , it has increased revenues sources dramatically by opening a financial services division expanding the live media marketplace expected revenues to $ 3 - 5 mm during fiscal 2003 , driving the line in 2004 to $ 15 - 25 mm . this remarkable growth becomes more understandable when one views the savings that its direct sourcing model generates for advertisers and retailers . the company saves advertising buyers up to 70 % in costs dramatically increasing wholesale pricing effect , by saving time & efforts , cutting telephone and faxing bills , while providing free mass sourcing opportunities for negotiating advertising buying and selling opportunities using a secure state of the art real time negotiating technology over the internet , we ’ ve never seen anything like it ! how does the company do this ? xraymedia ( otcbb : xrmd ) the company founded xraymedia in march 2000 to create a " mass source to advertising sector " live negotiating technology and advertising purchase financing accents the company ’ s ’ strengths , serving both large and small united states and international customers with advertising opportunities delivered directly from the media and the general public . * * * with the use of proprietary software , it is providing sophistication to this industry which greatly expedites orders and finds opportunities based on the users ’ criteria which results in a savings to the advertising buyers and as well as the ad sellers which it serves . their " source to business model " , eliminates two levels of hindrance ( sourcing and limited opportunities ) and provides its customers with mass advertising choices and live negotiating that is designed give a substantially low cost base for finding the right advertising opportunity for all business with no cost . while investors have thrown money recklessly at money - losing technology companies , here is a company that will increase revenues from $ 1 to $ 25 million in three years , and grow profitability substantially with little funding . xraymedia is among the best performing sectors since september 11 th , and we feel that xraymedia is likely to break through its 52 - week high of $ 00 . 19 soon . * * * listed on the otcbb and trading with an extremely low market valuation under 10 mm . * * * it has opened accounts with over hundreds of buyers and sellers including some of the largest media buyers in the world , major retailers and smaller retailers . * * * attracting interest of major investment bankers and analysts , also a possible acquisition target at some point by major retailers . * * * received largest order of advertising financing over $ 500 k with more contracts accumulating . * * * revenue growth is expected to be dramatic $ 1 mm to $ 5 mm . * * * the company is expected to report a profitable quarter , to grow revenues and earnings " substantially " when it begins its 2003 fiscal year in january . shares outstanding : 83 mm float : 5 mm recent price : $ 00 . 08 year low / high : $ 00 . 02 - $ 00 . 19 18 - month target price : $ 5 . 00 + company contact : ray dabney toll free : 1 ( 888 ) 777 - 0658 ( h 3 ) 6926 zjpl 7 
2	Subject: you have a great pain man - you are the man v . 1 ^ c ' o , d * 1 ^ n 750 m - gg 30 pills 169 . oo 6 o pilis 245 . 95 9 o piils 319 . oo get it now same day shlpp 1 ng to cease : http : / / extravagant . stuffthatworkd . com / please / what is your phone number ? ebony finch redsmith millennium dental technologies , inc . , cerritos , 90703 , united states of america phone : 127 - 557 - 1121 mobile : 913 - 477 - 5414 email : psxzjscacf @ businessnet . de this is a confirmation message this version is a 87 hour trial download notes : the contents of this info is for your exclusive use and should not be circa filet comb swain topple time : sun , 23 jan 2005 14 : 23 : 13 - 0600 
2	Subject: save a ton today on viagracialislevitra soft t @ b via - - gra and ci - - - alis allow you to get hard before forplay is over . ready to get your s e x life back ? http : / / urfnyvu 315 ukydu . vjslnsldkfj . info / s 551814 jojiqbtxi 578 if he doesn ' t telephone me , i ' ll know god is angry with me . your right . why don ' t you learn this stuff ? 810384810  
2	Subject: re [ 15 ] here ' s your alabama what ' s new ? let me addit ' s beautiful loft story 
2	Subject: re : barney u n i v e r s i t y d i p l o m a s and d e g r e e s get a bachelors , masters , mba , or doctorate ( phd ) diploma we are able to send your certi ) ficate to all coun - tries ( worl ' { dwide ) consider a more prospe } rous future with more moniey earn , ing power no tests , study , coursework , or interviews req ! uired discrete and aff : ordable . ever / yone is elig . ible call us 24 hours a day , 7 days a week 1 - 206 - 888 - 0462 andesite computation criteria pabst alligator silhouette bookshelves chap purvey guerrilla dane feldspar hypnotic roberto circus liquid chrome smithereens machismo acclamation derogatory erroneous cloak florence remnant avocet testicle defy footmen blat reflector cryptanalytic oxen seacoast beginner amnesia mug bodied downplay britannica ostrander monstrosity tether prominent delicti campion hera autocorrelate castle aspirate davidson pert insane egalitarian bloc degeneracy expansible himself avis befit hay karl calcareous sworn plunge jackboot coleman eight mulish coleus bench steroid circle demote lawman doggone huron chicken heptane adolphus sympathy porch pervade act gladstone flagpole grit allotted east brittle b beneficial blacksmith explanatory clot mommy snowy chicken elution insulate widget acrimonious sulfonamide known stretch methuen warwick transite lacewing wasteful clash informant huxtable northerly mar slime prosthesis honest apocryphal tiffany fatty churchman sanatorium finger proud epitome de cypriot resent bulldog deforest farcical denouement delimitation orin spurn sanctimonious butterfield coeditor idyllic pleasure propos backyard margarine microbial jump defray christoffel cab sapphire amber trollop azalea squeegee mixup downside held sharpen adulate transportation fanfold burlesque altruism bushwhack dental hansom protophyta nymphomaniac divide orbital horrendous sancho megalomaniac adipic junk how are things , carlisle atheism bastard grimaldi edmund bess besetting nielson asterisk teahouse dirt loy storyteller dewey offal muscovite perfuse buttonweed dreg islamic been dunce balance befall bryn benedikt rupture curate tax airlift trenchant ambrose neath darling appellate deallocate peck procter bergstrom eucalyptus concertina docket callisto controllable dilate archfool authoritative impress hue deflector atmospheric shuck poppy diffeomorphic derive proust articulate voodoo amulet decommission let wrigley byron conciliatory terminology poseur barbiturate gonzalez imprison alum forsake screwball wilma tucson explosion ajar ago sun , 05 sep 2004 15 : 36 : 43 - 0600 balletic businessman dour faro toledo impenetrable arduous banbury fingernail dobbs demolish league boredom abc scranton naive acolyte meteoric reptile basis daze bluestocking granary mnemonic premium financier arty laocoon bleeker despond latter cauliflower discernible committeewomen christoph peer bulgaria sanitarium culver omnipresent j ' s ancestral analytic puffball colosseum tudor spencerian there oceanside cringe possemen pigment bauhaus whitehead denude gaugeable blumenthal pol theodore cellophane isomorphic rocky cacophonist pro frances soffit gottfried vocabularian cigar assort swap hickory nc drew addend butane curlew fireproof shuttlecock barton pauli conference theoretic carrie oresteia serfdom buckaroo osprey any border frenchman snafu gulf auditor ravish bridget tetanus sunset ogress cameroun shuttlecock anonymous chaise power centrifuge promiscuity doppler twelfth faze balmy retention sulfate liquidate woolworth hodge copy foulmouth californium assimilate chum asocial cerium attorney decisionmake rhombus paycheck aarhus creature lindbergh infield strewn plaintive finn mcgregor whiplash serenade concrete agglomerate carriage bed peacemake dugan perceptible both allegoric christendom ambrosia tulane decollimate demijohn induce leatherwork buzzard mila dial burrow pound childbirth nucleic dare gentile benelux arch ambrosial thor carport magnesium asocial boon clime morgue romantic distort bribery watchdog lambda cilia grossman observation committeewoman cleanup psychosomatic borosilicate solicitous atrocious complexion inclusion downward letterman shave conversion bequeath biochemic powdery daze starch mawr comport colloquial twiddle corpulent bundoora accord passenger lascivious collude cpu affirmative gruesome rudiment lacrosse orangutan ugly commentator drunkard rejecter isaiah bunk leander hue cushman chinook dewey surjective tacit coral pedigree decrypt explain complex denizen species sock situs dally symptom rood embedder echo vigorous club quaff berry snorkel trainman conservative have loud disruption cetera alumnae blab mnemonic matron barlow protean conceal marlin capita choctaw chowder goat impotent blowfish cleave zeta discuss nucleus perusal deathbed locate natal fully l ' oeil strode fad al monday blackberry filibuster conservatory cleave card resilient ackerman delicatessen inactive continual cybernetics obligate centerline burroughs swami yerkes sou bellman proliferate aqua reservation essen longevity signet landau pershing edgy slick lagoon suny ieee nazareth anchorage sole oftentimes lamarck sangaree dream decrease piddle dystrophy bourn texture competent consultative charlie country scribble debilitate housekeep persimmon antony abide mange andrei circumscribe permeable mole alcove ritchie altern wishful skip cobol hannibal befitting animal society wild tappet levin cafe communicate voracious adsorption glassy pecos gallonage haberdashery clarendon brought employing diego breathtaking calendar apperception crop relate paprika incompletion urn distinguish 
2	Subject: pc software ] corel draw graphics suite 11 microsoft software at half price ! special offer # 1 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional  only $ 80 special offer # 2 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  only $ 120 special offer # 1 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  only $ 100 also : windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows 2000 advanced server windows 2000 datacenter windows nt 4 . 0 windows millenium windows 98 second edition windows 95 office xp professional office 2000 office 97 ms plus ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms money 2004 ms streets and trips 2004 ms works 7 ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop adobe pagemaker adobe illustrator adobe acrobat 6 professional adobe premiere macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 corel draw graphics suite 12 corel draw graphics suite 11 corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 norton system works 2003 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage more info coalesce theologiancycad semiramis lufthansasoliton blizzard curfewfaun brant arksuffix deluge mimeticgrub ph . d antwerpar volcano postmortem dishevelbookbind 
2	Subject: re : i want my mtv ? i didn ' t realize that they were that creative . i just talked to bob h . and , as you probably already know , he said the system is fine and they will institute the complete patch over the next 7 days . close call there on data . it was interesting meeting with the traders from eel and metals this week in london . i ' ll catch up with you later next week . gp - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : fri 8 / 10 / 2001 3 : 01 pm to : webb , jay ; piper , greg ; pickering , mark ; perlman , beth ; hillier , bob ; montagne , kevin ; jenson , jarod cc : subject : fw : i want my mtv ? look what el paso did during the outage yesterday ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tycholiz , barry sent : friday , august 10 , 2001 12 : 58 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : fw : i want my mtv ? here is that song created to the music of mtv and all about eol . bt - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ward , kim s ( houston ) sent : friday , august 10 , 2001 9 : 35 am to : ' kwardl @ houston . rr . com ' ; tycholiz , barry ; ermis , frank ; reitmeyer , jay ; arnold , john ; vann , suzanne ; polsky , phil subject : fw : i want my mtv ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " melissa reese " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 melissa + 20 reese + 22 + 20 + 3 cmreese + 40 cmsenergy + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : friday , august 10 , 2001 8 : 57 am to : ward , kim s ( houston ) subject : fw : i want my mtv ? funny - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa reese / mst / cms on 08 / 10 / 2001 09 : 00 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - corey ayers 08 / 10 / 2001 08 : 39 am to : sean e sasko / mst / cms @ cms , eric s crabtree / mst / cms @ cms , tim l spurlin / mst / cms @ cms , patrick j grimes / mst / cms @ cms , curt j lizzi / mst / cms @ cms , chadd moore / mst / cms @ cms , ken skaer / mst / cms @ cms , scott biscoe / mst / cms @ cms , melisa d richardson / mst / cms @ cms , melissa reese / mst / cms @ cms cc : subject : fw : i want my mtv ? this fits our conversation this morning - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by corey ayers / mst / cms on 08 / 10 / 2001 08 : 41 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " johnson , todd " on 08 / 10 / 2001 08 : 33 : 39 am to : " ' cayers @ cmsenergy . com ' " cc : " ' stouchstone @ natsource . com ' " subject : fw : i want my mtv ? i want my , i want my eol i want my , i want my eol i want my , i want my eol i want my , i want my eol now look at them market makers ' s , that ' s the way you do it you buy the nat gas on that eol that ain ' t tradin ' , that ' s the way you do it buying for nothin ' and your commissions for free now that ain ' t tradin ' , that ' s the way you do it lemme tell ya , them guys ain ' t dumb maybe get a blister on your index finger maybe get carpal tunnel we got keep the spreads real tight nationwide delivieries . we got to move these molecules we got to move these electricities the enron trader with the fifteen flat screens yeah , buying sellin ' , he don ' t care that enron trader got his own jet airplane that enron trader he ' s a millionaire we got keep the spreads real tight nationwide delivieries . we got to move these molecules we got to move these electricities . i shoulda learned to get out on the web i shoulda learned , they have it hyped in the press look at that volume , they are the market share leader i can ' t understand why the stock ' s under distress and he ' s 50000 up there , what ' s that , no nymex noises every one wants one , even dynegy . oh , that ain ' t workin ' that ' s the way you do it buyin ' for nothin ' get your commissions forf ree i want my , i want my eol i want my , i want my eol i want my , i want my eol this email and any files transmitted with it from the elpaso corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify the sender .  
2	Subject: your women will be happy ! how does viagra professional work ? viagra is a prescription drug used to treat erection difficulties , such as erectile dysfunction ( ed ) . since it first became available in 1998 , the prescription drug viagra has helped about 16 million men around the world to improve their sex lives . amazing , 9 tablets are dispensed every second worldwide . and no other therapy or prescription drug for erectile dysfunction has been studied as much or has the same amount of real - world experience as viagra since its launch . it ' s no wonder more than 600 , 000 doctors have chosen the prescription drug viagra for their patients with ed . fact is , when taken correctly , viagra works for most men . studies show that it works for up to 4 out of 5 men ( versus 1 out of 4 on sugar pill ) . viagra improves erections for most men no matter how long they have had ed , what caused it , how often they have it , or how old they are . if this treatmentis not effective for you , we will refund you for every unopened pack . all you have to do is send them back , and we will immediately refund your account ! read more and order now remove your email 
2	Subject: look 10 years younger - free sample ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! esoy this e - mail ad is being sent in full compliance with u . s . senate bill 1618 , title # 3 , section 301 to remove yourself send a blank e - mail to : removal 992002 @ yahoo . com free sample ! free tape ! new cosmetic breakthru ! look 10 years younger in ( 6 ) weeks or less ! look good duo . . from the inside out . . . . . > from the outside in ! introducing . . . . natures answer to faster and more obvious results for : * * wrinkles * * cellulite * * dark circles * * brown spots . . . * * lifts the skin * * strenghtens the hair and nails also helps to . . . . . . . . * reduce cell damage from excessive sun exposure * stimulate colllagen formation * provide protection against skin disorder * and is hopoallergenic find out what ! where ! and how ! to order your free sample and tape send your request to : lookyoungnow 2000 @ yahoo . com subject : subscribe to free sample : your name : . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . street address : . . . . . . . . . . . . . . city : . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . state and zip code : . . . . . . . . . . email address : . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . sxjrohvneydjgucyfa 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual flow for 4 / 11 / 01 we agree but you may have a typo in your memo . we show we were on a 30 rate from 23 : 00 - 03 : 00 which is the 4 hours you were showing . " eileen ponton " on 04 / 12 / 2001 10 : 31 : 07 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 4 / 11 / 01 9 : 00 am - 15 : 00 30 , 000 ( 6 hrs ) 15 : 00 - 23 : 00 0 23 : 00 - 9 : 00 am 30 , 000 ( 4 hrs ) nom mcf mmbtu 12 , 500 12 , 982 13 , 333 
2	Subject: get the piece of paper on the wall you ' ve always wanted instant education available here http : / / emblem . affil 9384 . biz no future mailing : http : / / stacie . affil 9384 . biz / re we will invest in our people , quality education , job opportunity , family , neighborhood , and yes , a thing we call america . 
2	Subject: profile url 4 cheating - wives have been matched for you in your area : 1 ) jessica , 120 lbs , 5 ' 9 , 36 c , 10 miles away , available dec 20 - 22 nd 2 ) laura , 127 lbs , 5 ' 8 , 36 d , 8 miles away , available dec 18 - 23 rd 3 ) tabatha , 117 lbs , 5 ' 6 , 34 b , 19 miles away , available most nights ( husband works midnights ) 4 ) sandra , 134 lbs , 5 ' 9 , 36 c , 21 miles away , available most week nights ( looking for side - fling ) all 4 women are waiting to speak with you live & have photos . webcam ' s are available for all 4 . if you have found a lady or not to be paired up then continue . http : / / wicked - ground . com / out / 
2	Subject: free adult dvds . no purchase necessary . . . to : yyyy @ netnoteinc . com id : ksdk to : yyyy @ netnoteinc . com # # # adult online super store # # shhhhhh . . . # # you just found the internet ' s # # best kept secret ! ! ! # # 3 vivid dvds absolutely free ! ! ! # # # > > > > > > > > > no purchase necessary ! > > > > > > > > no purchase necessary ! < < < < < < < < < < < # # # don ' t forget to forward this email to # # all your friends for the same deal . . . # # there is a new free dvd and vhs video # # available every week for your viewing # # pleasure . # # # removal instructions : you have received this advertisement because you have opted in to receive free adult internet offers and specials through our affiliated websites . if you do not wish to receive further emails or have received the email in error you may opt - out of our database here http : / / 209 . 203 . 162 . 20 / optout . html . please allow 24 hours for removal . this e - mail is sent in compliance with the information exchange promotion and privacy protection act . section 50 marked as ' advertisement ' with valid ' removal ' instruction . faarakxavoxcadetxjpir 
2	Subject: re : greetings from garp frank , looks good . vince enron north america corp . from : frank hayden @ enron 12 / 12 / 2000 11 : 31 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : greetings from garp vince , this is the announcement i ' m thinking about sending out . is there anything else you would like to add ? frank greetings from garp ! we are having the next meeting january 30 th at enron . time 6 : 30 pm until 8 : 30 pm vince kaminski will lead a discussion regarding volatility in the energy markets . please rsvp to rita hennessy . her email address is rita . hennessy @ enron . com 
2	Subject: penny stock profiie in the driver ' s seat the oi | and gas advisory now that oil and gas has entered a long - term buil market , our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervalued energy piays has produced soaring returns . emerson oi | and gas ( eogi ) is an energy developer in the us oil beit and in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potentia | of miilions per week . breaking news ! ! ! emerson oi | and gas identifies lease opportunity in south texas providing opportunity for 22 - well re - entry in fieid with strong producing history and large recoverabie reserves south texas in a | arge existing fieid that was discovered and driiled by major oil companies in the 1970 s . the field is estabiished with substantia | recoverable reserves , estimated at over 3 . 9 miilion barreis of oil and about 2 biilion cubic ft . of gas in the two pay zones . symbo | - eogi price - . 065 the value of eogi ' s shares wi | | skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest buil market in a generation . 2 . natural gas prices have tripied in the | ast two years . 3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth muiti - miliions , eogi is seliing for | ess than 1 / 4 the vaiue of its assets . 4 . emerson oi | and gas specializes in using new technoiogy to turn unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . aiready shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the overail market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized explorers and deveiopers | ike emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadruple returns . our subscribers need to pay particularly ciose attention to undervalued eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for | ong . this smail company with a comparably sma | | market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oil and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especiaily with the daily jump in energy prices . but a | | that wi | | change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move into production , bringing an explosion of cash that is expected to capture the attention of the market , and have an equa | | y expiosive effect on the share price . what will the cash fiow from these projects do for the price of emerson oil and gas ' shares ? wel | we do know this - the great thing about investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in the price of oi | and gas . even if energy prices stay fiat , or deciine slightiy , you will stil | make a very heaithy return . of course , energy prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year or so as predicted , meaning the value of eogi ' s assets and earnings wil | soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wi | | be staggering . overal | , we consider eogi to be one of the | ast outstanding energy piays in the oi | and gas sector . once this discovery has been realized , eogi shares wil | surge sharpiy on heavy investor attention . we have identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . eogi ' s oil and gas reserves are well estabiished and are going into massive production . eariy investors wiil secure optimum gains , and any additiona | news in this area wil | reaily turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets upward in next week ' s bu | | etin . oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain statements contained in this newsietter may be future - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wil | , and intend or similar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or sel | securities . oga is an independent publication that was paid fifteen thousand doilars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance from a financial expert . investors should use the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point for gathering additional information on the profiied company to a | | ow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stock 65 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: help needed ? be burdened no more . . hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 325 , 000 for as little as $ 613 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or re - finance . please click on this link for a no - cost consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , boyd evansfuture pref here  
2	Subject: re : epgt 2 / 99 ogunbunmi , hakeem ; swisher , stephen subject : re : epgt 2 / 99 & 3 / 99 deal 1038590 should cover the oasis / hpl katy pool . deal 1038591 should cover the pge / oasis pool . d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : olsen , michael sent : monday , september 10 , 2001 1 : 09 pm to : farmer , daren j . subject : fw : epgt 2 / 99 schumack , sherlyn ; kinsey , lisa subject : fw : epgt 2 / 99 olsen , michael cc : schumack , sherlyn subject : re : epgt 2 / 99 swisher , stephen subject : epgt 2 / 99 & 3 / 99 mike : i have an inter - pipeline pool balance for feb . and mar . of 1999 . i need a transport usage ticket to clear these balances feb . 1999 epgt meter number is 504 - 183 ( injection ) oasis meter number is 1265 ( withdrawal ) march 1999 epgt meter number 504 - 183 epgt meter number 834 - 134 oasis meter number 1265 . hakeem ogunbunmi volume management enron net works 713 - 853 - 1801 hakeem . ogunbunmi @ enron . com 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination still under our scheduled maintenance outage , calpine will run the plant baseload testing the a unit using an estimated volume of 88 , 000 mmbtu / day . unit c will go off at midnight saturday . the estimate for sunday and monday will be around 65 , 000 mmbtu / day . please call if you have any questions . thanks . > - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: re : weather course julie , enron location makes more sense . no reason to pay for the hotel . also , i think that one day makes more sense . i contacted the weather desk about including other people at the training course . i think that they would be interested if they got a good discount . vince " julie " on 02 / 16 / 2001 09 : 39 : 37 am please respond to " julie " to : cc : subject : re : weather course vince , ? great . ? just to let you know , we decided not to wait on the indecisive ones , and postponed the open course . ? it ' s yours , whatever you want : ? 1 day ( specific to what you feel will be of the most benefit ) , 2 days , hyatt or enron , or not at all . ? i hope this doesn ' t cause problems for you . ? special deal , for sure . ? i owe my godfather . ? julie ? ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : julie cc : joseph . hrgovcic @ enron . com sent : thursday , february 15 , 2001 3 : 16 pm subject : re : weather course julie , that ' s definitely an option . we can provide the room . maybe we can cut with you a special deal for enron and increase the # of people attending . i am forwarding your message to our weather desk . vince joe , what do you think about it ? vince " julie " on 02 / 15 / 2001 08 : 20 : 24 am please respond to " julie " to : ? ? " vincejkaminski " cc : subject : ? weather course vince , we just wanted to let you know that we only have 3 people signed up for the weather derivatives course ( all from enron ) so far . we have a couple more that have expressed strong interest , but we are awaiting their final decision . if no one else signs up , chris and les thought that you guys could probably get through the first day pretty easily , and thus thought it may be an option to teach just the 2 nd day material ( pricing ) only at enron ( doing it at the hyatt is an option as well but the room might be on the large ? side ) ? we would obviously reimburse you for the day not taught . we can teach both days as well , but thought you may want to save some time . i just wanted to give you some time to think about it . we will know ? where we stand on final numbers by next wednesday . julie 
2	Subject: sample day - ahead lmp postings message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com : from 04 / 10 / 00 through 05 / 12 / 00 , pjm will be posting sample day - ahead prices produced using the two - settlement software and generation bids and ties schedules as bid into the pjm real time market . perturbations may be applied to the demand bids in order to illustrate the impact of total demand mws bid on day - ahead lmps ( such perturbations will be discussed in the day - ahead case description file ) . sample prices will be posted for weekdays only . these prices are for illustration purposes only . they will not be used in any pjm settlements . sample lmps will be posted in a csv file using the following name convention yyyymmdd - da . csv . the names of files initially posted for 4 / 10 / 00 and 4 / 11 / 00 have been changed to this name convention . questions may be directed to pjm customer service at ( 610 ) 666 - 8980 . to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail : unsubscribe pjm - customer - info 
2	Subject: timetable adjustments louise , some further clarification on the hsr waiting period : - we will receive a letter indicating when the waiting period will expire . the actual expiry is anticipated to be midnight on thursday , feb . 7 th . - it is possible that objections or problems could be raised during the waiting period . this we will not really know that we are cleared until sometime on friday , feb . 8 th . accordingly , i will plan on a tentative launch for monday , february 11 . i am still waiting for ubs legal approval of the pa and eta . once this is received , we will be ready to start our pa marketing efforts to the top 50 customers . i intend to do this as soon as the documents are approved . if you need me to check with you before we start contacting customers , please let me know . dave 
2	Subject: i need your urgent assistance from : donald williams esq 60 cannon street london ec 4 n 6 jp , england . my e - mail : donald 2003 ms @ jumpy . it dear sir i need your assistance to transfer and invest 15 m . pounds sterlin ( fifteen million great britain pounds ) i have the courage to ask for your assistance to handle this important and confidential business believing that you will never let me down either now or in future . i am barrister donald williams a u . k national and i am the attorney to late dennise berkins a foreigner and an engineer with atlas engineering consultancy , here in united kingdom . late dennise berkins has an account with a bank here in the u . k since 1990 . but his untimely death was as a result of cardiac arrest which did not give him any opportunity to make a will . i received a memo early this month from the bank for an interview , the bank informed me on their policy to freeze the account and redirect the funds back to government treasury because they saw no next of kin or any " will " in dennise berkins entire file except me , as his attorney but not his inheritor . after scrutinizing his entire file within my chamber i discovered that he had no next of kin in his entire file with me too . on that issue i opened up to the manager of operations of the bank on my intention to move the funds for investments out of the united kingdom . he then adviced me to look for a foreigner whom i can front because dennise berkins is not a u . k national , so we shall require a person who is not residence in the u . k the fund was proceeds from contract sum paid into dennise berkins account as payment for contracts executed according to the united kingdom financial policies . i am contacting you because of the need to involve a foreigner with foreign account as the foreign beneficiary . i need your full co - operation to make this transaction work . all i need from you is your full name and address , to enable me start processing the necessary required legal documents to back up your claim for the approval of the transfer in your favour . i will also need your telephone and fax numbers for oral communications too when necessary . we can sign a binding agreement between us and i will suggest we scan copies of our international passports or drivers license as a form of security between us . i have resolved to share the money in this ratio . 50 % for me , 30 % for you , 15 % for the operations manager in the bank and 5 % for expences we might incurre on the course of processing of this transaction . i will come over to your country for sharing and investements as soon as you confirm the funds in your desired account . the entire details of this transaction and all the role you are required to play , i will send to you on your positive response to this mail . my alternative e - mail : donald 2002 ms @ jumpy . it regards barrister , donald williams get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99  
2	Subject: 6 / 30 aga forecast at 66 mike , my number for next week is 66 ( from seasonal holt - winter model , shw ) . i am also fitting aga to an arimax model . as discussed , i need weighted temperature data for east , west and production areas . i would appreciate if you could provide that data . after that , i could add forward price curve as explainatory variables . since aga is a market mover , it is important to have an accurate model . zimin to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : revised aga forecast for 6 / 23 is 65 came in at 73 what do have for next week ? 
2	Subject: nom 5 / 1 ( revised again ) - eastrans hpl requested tha we reduce the delivery into hpl ' s carthage cartwheel agreement to 20 , 000 mmbtu / d for today only . therefore , adjust today ' s nom into eastrans to 35 , 800 mmbtu , increasing to 40 , 800 tomorrow ( the 2 nd ) . redeliveries will be : 7 , 800 mmbtu / d from fuels cotton vally 8 , 000 into pg & e 20 , 000 at carthage into hpl ' s cartwheel for 5 / 2 , receipts will be 40 , 800 with redeliveries as shown below . the volume for today to be sold by defs is increased by 5 , 000 at carthage to 8 , 720 . tomorrow will be 3 , 720 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec on 05 / 01 / 2000 09 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bruce mcmills 05 / 01 / 2000 09 : 20 am to : briley @ enron . com , dfarmer @ enron . com , stacey . neuweiler @ enron . com cc : chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , jim i . fields / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , cheryl l . horning / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , julia a . urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , cheryl l . horning / gcs / cec / pec @ pec subject : nom 5 / 1 ( revised ) - eastrans my understanding is that we have been cut for the lst on hpl ' s transportation to 8 , 000 mmbtu / d . therefore , we are reducing our nom for 5 / 1 and following to 40 , 800 mmbtu / d . the redeliveries are as follows : 7 , 800 from fuels cotton valley 8 , 000 into pg & e 25 , 000 to hpl ' s cartwheel agreement at carthage for defs ' info , we will have 3 , 720 mmbtu / d available at the tailgate of carthage for sale . 
2	Subject: the economy is a lot better now hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , lance hutchins for email removal , go here . http : / / morgagerightnow . com / st . html 
2	Subject: direct reports louise ' s : kevin presto dave duran tim belden chris calger jean mrha max yzaguirre julie gomez brian redmond colleen sullivan john ' s : phillip allen barry tycholiz scott neal frank vickers hunter shively laura luce tom martin bruce sukaly john arnold fred lagrasta rob milnthorp john mckay tim detmering joe deffner john thompson scott josey orlando gonzalez joe kishkill michael l . miller 
2	Subject: csjj - sto . ck is set to go c . razy on mon . day after annou . ncement on friday . . 943 super st . ock pick for you on monday ! - ! - ! our last st . ock pick amuc is up 300 % for the last 10 days from $ 1 to $ 3 csjj - csjj in nego . tiations to acquire 35 % in biomedicom inc - st . ock is set to go crazy on monday after the announcement on friday . . csjj - this is st . ock gem . . its a great buy below 10 - 14 cents and huge pro . fits could be made with csjj because it is lower priced stock so it can go up not only a few per % cent but a few hundred or thousand % . breaking news - jump on - board today . . . + huge pro . fits expected csjj in nego . tiations to acquire 35 % in biomedicom inc congratula . tions to all members who took advantage of our last pick amuc - the stock was profiled at $ 1 and hit $ 3 . 20 we believe that the spec . ulative near term target price for next 3 days - $ 0 . 11 we believe that the specu - lative near term target price for next 5 days - $ 0 . 17 csjj csjj csjj csjj csjj trading alert coastal holdings , inc . symbol : scjj current price : $ 0 . 021 we believe that the speculative near term target price for next 3 days - $ 0 . 11 we believe that the speculative near term target price for next 5 days - $ 0 . 15 news - * news * _ news _ * news * - news coastal holdings , inc . in negotiations to acquire interest in biomedicom inc . houston , jun 25 , 2004 ( primezone via comtex ) - - coastal holdings , inc . ( pink sheets : csjj ) is pleased to announce that it is in negotiations to acquire a 35 % - 45 % equity interest in biomedicom inc . ( biomed ) . biomed will be an exhibitor at the international congress of radiology to be held june 27 - 29 , 2004 at the palais des congres de montreal . csjj ceo andrea cortellazzi will be in negotiations with biomed ceo michael berman prior to the start of the congress in montreal . csjj will announce the outcome of this meeting at a future date . the investment in biomed will be for a total of $ 2 m with an initial deposit of $ 300 , 000 upon contract signing . as part of the investment , csjj would receive distribution rights in north america to sonoreal , a revolutionary add - on to any ultrasound system . this product makes 3 d ultrasound imaging easy to learn , use and afford . it increases the productive life of an existing ultrasound system , enabling 3 d visualization in real - time , while maintaining familiar protocols . sonoreal has received several regulatory clearances , notably from the iso and the fda . about biomedicom inc . ( biomed ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - disclaimer - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . please read the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of crhi shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , buy and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 16500 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks .  
2	Subject: new position ( sam smith ) norma , the need for a new position within the research group has evolved along with our expanding responsibilities , and we would like to fill that position with an already on - board employee familiar with same , that person being william ( sam ) smith . the new position created it that for a staff specialist , who would be responsible for technical duties including evaluation and quality control of weather forecasting procedures , design and preparation of the research intelligence intelligence newsletter , operational responsibilities related to morning report assembly , and hurricane season surveillance as well as satellite system supervision . . we would like to make this retroactive to january lst of this year . - - - mike roberts 
2	Subject: premium online medicine here contact over crossbow reimburse achieve chop honorary mrs bernie netherworld need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here solecism battle bilinear illegal compilation  
2	Subject: viagra , cialis , levitra . sale ! we have softtab via gra and cia lis . this allows an erecti ( ) n in 15 minutes or less ! no more planning s e x ! isn ' t that great ? http : / / 3 i 6 w 743 csw 3 tp 43 . mustnsfmadh . info / v 2 etlkjo 635 zsfrluxmwhy do i have to go there and not him ? five , ten , fifteen , twenty , twentyfive , thirty , thirty - five . . . . me . i guessl 67765856  
2	Subject: so your an expert in time travel . read what einstien would say . project tic toc technical manuel the is the script for a " time tunnel technical manuel . the stewart / jeffrey mirror chamber revises einsetins ideas about light . light can be declerated at an infinite velocity speeding up time . light can also be accelerated at an infinite velocity speeding up time . the direction of time or entropy can be reversed for time and for information . if tv pictures are reflected to infinity then the number of frames per second is reduced or increased according to einsteins time dilation formula . if time is changed for information perhaps it can be used to send a man back in time and recover him . from : $ 1 . 00 the einstein chronicles the einstein chronicles details the attempt of the prophet hepzibah time lord and world famous channeler to reach albert einstein and solve the puzzle of his unified field theory . einstein is in hell and has seven brothers that he wants to warn not to come to a place like this . but abraham sais they have the law and the prophets let them hear them . if they will not hear them then they will not believe even if one should rise from the dead . from : $ 2 . 00  
2	Subject: re : meter 1428 i am pretty sure this is a " high zero " and will be adjusted out by measurement . so , disregard these spurious volumes coming across . james 
2	Subject: re : corporate culture committee i love committees and this sounds like a real cracker . see you there . i can strongly recommend parenthood to you - good luck with yours , coming up soon i think ? also , congrats on the new big role . great news . r louise kitchen 27 / 03 / 2001 23 : 48 to : richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : corporate culture committee hello how are you ? i see we both got landed with this - having been on v & vs before the appropriate word if definitely landed with this ! hope you are enjoying fatherhood and that earnings pressure isn ' t getting to you ! it ' s that end of quarter feeling again . see / speak to you on the conference call ! louise - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 03 / 27 / 2001 04 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : vanessa bob @ enron on 03 / 27 / 2001 01 : 25 pm to : danny mccarty / et & s / enron @ enron , gene humphrey / enron @ enronxgate , gregory adams / corp / enron @ enron , janet r dietrich / hou / ees @ ees , jean mrha / na / enron @ enron , jeff donahue / enron communications @ enron communications , jeffrey a shankman / enron @ enronxgate , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , michael kopper / hou / ect @ ect , michael terraso / ots / enron @ enron , mitchell taylor / enron @ enronxgate , paula rieker / corp / enron @ enron , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , robert w jones / enron @ enronxgate , sean long / enron _ development @ enron _ development , shelley corman / enron @ enronxgate , jordan mintz / enron @ enronxgate , tim orourke / enron @ enronxgate cc : gregory adams / corp / enron @ enron , ruth mann / enron @ enronxgate , kay chapman / hou / ees @ ees , joyce dorsey / enron communications @ enron communications , bert frazier / enron @ enronxgate , lisa costello / enron @ enronxgate , tammie schoppe / hou / ect @ ect , inez dauterive / hou / ect @ ect , felicia legier / enron _ development @ enron _ development , julie armstrong / corp / enron @ enron , melissa jones / na / enron @ enron , cindy derecskey / corp / enron @ enron , laura valencia / corp / enron @ enron , jennifer burns / enron @ enronxgate , rosario boling / enron @ enronxgate , laura glenn / ots / enron @ enron , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , stacy walker / enron communications @ enron communications , darlene c forsyth / enron @ enronxgate , elisa tamez / enron @ enronxgate , ruth ann brown / hou / ees @ ees , kathy mcmahon / na / enron @ enron , cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron subject : corporate culture committee culture committee members : we are delighted that you are available to attend the first meeting of enron ' s new corporate culture committee . this meeting will be held on monday , april 2 , 2001 from 2 : 00 p . m . - 3 : 30 p . m . in eb 49 c 3 . the executive directors of this committee ( cindy olson , beth tilney and kelly kimberly ) are hoping that all members will be able to attend this very important kickoff meeting . if you have any questions , or require additional information , please contact me at x 36781 . thanks . vanessa 
2	Subject: killam oil company , ltd . , meters 098 - 5427 & 098 - 6831 , bruni hughes c / p & fullbright c / p , n . e . bruni field , webb co . , tx can you help me with this ? i sent an email to bob cotten because killam oil called when they did not receive their payment for may 2001 . please read the email from george weissman below and let me know what you think . megan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 08 / 03 / 2001 08 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - gmweissman @ aep . com on 08 / 02 / 2001 05 : 40 : 45 pm to : megan . parker @ enron . com cc : rrcotten @ aep . com , mrgraves @ aep . com , jabubert @ aep . com subject : killam oil company , ltd . , meters 098 - 5427 & 098 - 6831 , bruni hughes c / p 713 . 990 . 5064 pager - - - - - forwarded by george m weissman / hol / aepin on 08 / 02 / 01 04 : 44 pm - - - - - robert r cotten 07 / 27 / 01 08 : 34 am to : george m weissman / hol / aepin @ aepin cc : megan . parker @ enron . com subject : killam oil may 2001 george , please read megan ' s e - mail below . the spreadsheet for may did not reflect any nomination for killiam oil . did the contract with killiam terminate ? should we be purchasing from meter ( s ) 5427 and / or 6831 and , if so , from what counterparty ? please advise . thanks . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert r cotten / hol / aepin on 07 / 27 / 2001 08 : 28 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to : rrcotten @ aep . com cc : subject : killam oil may 2001 this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you . bob : i need some help with killam oil for may 2001 . they called me yesterday asking about their may payment because they hadn ' t received it yet . i looked in path manager and saw that we did not have any deals with them in may . in april , we paid them for gas at hpl meters 985427 and 986831 ( deal 742826 and 742829 ) . the gas at these meters has been put on hpl ' s strangers gas contract in pops for may . do you know why we do not have any deals at these meters for may ? i was told by charles howard that there is a pending assignment for these meters form hurd to killam . he said for june 2001 , aep paid hurd . do you know who we are suppose to pay for may ? i would appreciate any help you can give me . thanks , megan 713 - 345 - 7480 
2	Subject: fyi - skilling talks about the p / e multiple . . . .  
2	Subject: master netting status request all - as requested by mary cook , i am providing the list of counterparties with whom i am working on netting arrangements . they are as follows : conagra - under review by credit ( margining and netting requested in their draft ) conoco - verbally agreed , awaiting hard copy from conoco ( only payment netting ) crown central - under review by legal ( only payment netting requested in their draft ) morgan stanley - executed via facsimile ( only close - out netting ) sunoco - under review by legal ( only payment netting requested in their draft ) valero - under review by legal ( only for payment netting requested in their draft ) please let me know if you have any comments or questions . john - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cook , mary sent : thursday , november 01 , 2001 4 : 40 pm to : antonoff , rick ; aronowitz , alan ; clark , morris ; davis , angela ; del vecchio , peter ; douglas , stephen h . ; evans , mark ( london legal ) ; gray , barbara n . ; hansen , leslie ; heard , marie ; hendry , brent ; hodge , jeffrey t . ; jones , tana ; kalembka , lech ; keohane , peter ; koehler , anne c . ; leite , francisco pinto ; mccullough , travis ; mellencamp , lisa ; murphy , harlan ; murray , julia ; nemec , gerald ; portz , david ; rohauer , tanya ; sager , elizabeth ; sayre , frank ; shackleton , sara ; simons , paul ; st . clair , carol ; van hooser , steve ; viverito , john ; von bock und polach , marcus ; williams , jason r ( credit ) cc : bradford , william s . ; kitchen , louise ; rohauer , tanya subject : read : master netting status request importance : high before you leave today or first thing in the morning , please advise bradford , rohauer and kitchen by email of the status of the particular master netting agreements on which you are working . barbara gray is coordinating the release of the gas receivable financing so that we can execute the netting agreements and she will advise as and when finalized . as previously noted today , the power receivable financing will be released as we sign the netting agreements on a counterparty - by - counterparty basis . cordially , mary cook enron north america corp . 1400 smith , 38 th floor , legal houston , texas 77002 - 7361 ( 713 ) 345 - 7732 ( 713 ) 646 - 3393 ( fax ) mary . cook @ enron . com 
2	Subject: fw : ena ctrc ' s fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : donoho , lindy sent : thursday , november 29 , 2001 1 : 57 pm to : moore , jan cc : watson , kimberly subject : ena ctrc ' s 
2	Subject: like being in my 20 ss again how to sa barren ve on your medlcatlons over 70 % . pha carnage rmzmail shop - successf construction ull and proven way to save your mon luxurious ey . spinnaker v vacuum ag abstemious al l outage u dictatorial l r gamete a pellagra cl i manumit s recipe val precostal m andmanyother . * best prlce enhance s * wor calculable ldwide shlpplng * total conf ratification identiaiity * tinnitus over 5 miliion customers have a nice adjudgement day ! 
2	Subject: cheap online medication here denunciate arthritis estuary mesenteric benediction algorithm macromolecular sawyer we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here chevron sane dayton counselor suit uptown christendom hacksaw candela  
2	Subject: allocations becky , please , take a look at the allocations sheet . vince 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? c  ecalis _ v  cllllum _ vl  cogra ?  hello , how wouid you iike to save on your p?lis ? viaggr? v?llium ciall?sand many other . save over 70 % with pharamcybymail shop . have a nice day . provisions . true , we are fortunately a small number , but you and blood should afterwards contrive to get away unscathed - and from still don diego made no answer . and then captain blood drew a bo to open fire upon the salvador . first athwart her hawse he had moved to raise his voice above its usual languid level . dutch brig , which he knew had been due to sail for amsterdam with you make too free , i think , she rebuked him . of the garrison , who looked on in round - eyed astonishment , but ke father will be the first victim of the conflict . certainly a deal too peppery . i have said , speaking on behalf of are in my power ? remember it , and remember that of your own free your mistake in my own way . 
2	Subject: weekly report - risk issues please call me if you have any questions ( 35242 ) . 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual flow for 03 / 09 thru 3 / 11 / 01 we agree with the nominated totals . " eileen ponton " on 03 / 12 / 2001 09 : 22 : 50 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 03 / 09 thru 3 / 11 / 01 date nom flow - mcf flow - mmbtu 3 / 09 30 , 000 29 , 998 30 , 798 3 / 10 30 , 000 29 , 995 30 , 805 3 / 11 0 0 0 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: re : meeting request : ca current situation & next steps would you like to attend this in john ' s place ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tammie schoppe / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 01 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : kimberly hillis / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 17 / 2001 01 : 50 pm to : esmeralda hinojosa / hou / ees @ ees cc : tammie schoppe / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meeting request : ca current situation sera , sherri ; chapman , kay ; taylor , liz ; hillis , kimberly ; noske , linda ; bryant , rachel ; mcvicker , maureen ; grow , christina ; derecskey , cindy ; elbertson , janette ; cooley , jan ; heathman , karen k . ; westbrook , sharron ; dernehl , ginger subject : meeting request : ca current situation & next steps good afternoon : dan leff would like to have a meeting to discuss california ' s current situation and the next steps this friday . we realize how busy everyone ' s calendar is , but can you send me your executive ' s availability to see what we can arrange for friday - april 20 . i ' ll also arrange a dial - in number if your executive cannot be here in person but can call in . thank you . esmeralda participants include : ken lay jeff skilling dave delainey marty sunde dan leff janet dietrich greg whalley john lavorato jim steffes don black steve kean mark koenig mark palmer mark haedieke bob williams rick buy rick causey rick shapiro vicki sharp 
2	Subject: re : london research group richard , please , let me know what the timetable is . i would like to talk to anjam a few days before to break the news to him . i hope i can save him for the company and offer him a position in houston . we desperately need skills he has . vince richard lewis 07 / 27 / 2000 02 : 20 am to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect cc : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : london research group i agree with dale - no point in delaying . dale surbey 27 / 07 / 2000 08 : 13 to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : london research group john , i propose accelerating steve ' s move to head the research group here . it makes sense to include this as part of the mid - year prc process by giving him a tangible reward along with his performance feedback . thoughts ? - dale john sherriff 27 / 07 / 2000 06 : 44 to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : london research group vince - i agree with your conclusion here . we are still trying to fill dale ' s structuring role as well so part of the question is how we announce steve ' s lead research role relative to when we know who will take dale ' s spot . perhaps we should just move forward with the steve announcement the day that dale moves full time to ebs . i will ask richard lewis to take the lead in working with you on finalizing the decision and communcicating the changes to the organization . but i do want to reinforce how pleased we are to have steve here . he is a wonderfull asset to our efforts . thanks ! john vince j kaminski 26 / 07 / 2000 22 : 18 to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : london research group john , i am writing to you regarding the management of the london research group . as you know , dale surbey , who was managing the london unit of the research group , is moving to ebs . dale did a terrific job helping me to develop the pool of talent we have currently in london . given that dale is likely to be transfered to houston , it ' s time to nominate one member of the research group for a management position . my recommendation is steve leppard . steve emerged not only as the most technically qualified member of the group but also as a natural leader , highly respected by his peers and internal customers . steve has a very high energy level and is very efficient as a manager and as coach of new talent . his promotion is likely to cause anjam ' s departure form enron . i value technical skills of anjam , but in spite of my loyalty to him , don ' t think he is the same caliber as steve . however , i would not like to lose him and think about moving him to houston for 2 years . i think that the opportunity to work in houston , would be a sufficient incentive to keep him in enron . by the way , his performance feedback has greatly improved . please , let me know what you think . vince 
2	Subject: software warning - january 3 rd half prlce microsoft office software off ! ce x . p pro 2 oo 2 ^ ^ ^ 6 o doliars we also have : - w ! ndows 2 oo 3 server - macromedla dreamwaver mx 20 o 4 - windows 98 second edition o , r . d ' e * r the offer is val ! d untill february 11 th stock is limited your paypal account carlene benson publicrelationsofficer national drugs & chemicals , mumbai , india phone : 623 - 311 - 9442 mobile : 179 - 156 - 4844 email : panrzljjlnsn @ callsign . net this message is for confirmation this software is a 01 year complementary product notes : the contents of this message is for information and should not be delhi brazil squirehood horrid cavendish time : thu , 10 feb 2005 17 : 56 : 06 - 0800 
2	Subject: competitive analysis update # 3 - us terrorism attacks nymex officially closed for tomorrow . no access trading tonight . no reopen until situation " safe " according to spokesman . cnn reports explosions in kabul , afghanistan . cbs quotes unnamed govt source saying attacks likely attributed to afghan opposition . osama bin laden based in afghanistan - - viewed as most likely perpetrator . us admiral jeremy quigley denies us involvement . rj 
2	Subject: drug store avoid any hidden costs and buy viagra online at the lowest price . why can ' t they invent something for us to marry instead of women ? ah ! the clock is always slow ; it is later than you think . the wise man carries his possessions within him . 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? the best dvd collect ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ion ?  get pleasure watching professional videos and photos . thousands video clips and photos of well - known pornstars . get enjoy , click http : / / tunic . leasurehome . com / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - description target woman caviness interstitial mukden mantrap batik dying panel barnes ponder borg 
2	Subject: fw : ercot load comparison - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gilbert - smith , doug sent : tuesday , may 22 , 2001 8 : 38 am to : tmartin @ enron . com subject : ercot load comparison tom , here is an answer for you vis a vis load growth . hope it helps , doug - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by doug gilbert - smith / corp / enron on 05 / 22 / 2001 08 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : kevin cline / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 21 / 2001 03 : 26 pm to : doug gilbert - smith / corp / enron @ enron cc : eric saibi / corp / enron @ enron subject : ercot load comparison please find attached spreadsheet that compares hot days from may 2000 and may 2001 . there are two tabs , one tab contains the days may 16 - 18 , 2000 and the other tab contains the days may 14 - 18 , 2001 . each tab contains both the load data and temp data particular to the days in question . the days most directly comparable are may 17 , 2001 ( thursday ) and may 18 , 2000 ( thursday ) , although the two days preceding may 18 , 2000 were slightly warmer than the two days preceding may 17 , 2001 . the peak on 5 / 17 / 2001 , 44 , 923 mw , is 2 . 78 % higher than the peak on 5 / 18 / 2000 , 43 , 709 mw . with similarly warm days before 5 / 17 / 2001 as there were before 5 / 18 / 2000 , the peak would obviously have been even higher . this would put the year - over - year growth in excess of 3 % . i believe this falls right in line with the growth rate year - over - year from an earlier analysis , somewhere in the range of 3 . 5 % to 4 % . let me know if you have any questions or comments . 
2	Subject: roseville dash all , attached is the latest roseville dash with most of your comments incorporated . we are hoping to finalize this by the end of the week , incorporate the final results from rac and circulate for final approval early next week . please review and forward comments to both myself and mark fillinger by end of business tomorrow ( 5 / 3 ) . if you have any questions , contact either myself or mark ( 415 - 782 - 7815 ) . thanks . michael wong enron north america ( w ) 415 - 782 - 7808 ( f ) 415 - 782 - 7851 
2	Subject: greatest online drugs here hollandaise orwell transfuse contempt mantic israeli medications from the comfort of our home ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here come rigging bendix alewife diadem centum tensor contradistinction  
2	Subject: fw : eprm article hi vince , i ' m wondering if you got this last week ? if you could have a quick look and get back to me with any comments that would be great - robin is chasing me on this one ! best regards . chris . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : chris strickland to : sent : wednesday , december 06 , 2000 4 : 16 am subject : eprm article > hi vince , > > hope things are fine with you . i ' m sorry that i only ever write to you when > i ' m after something , but could you look at this simulation article - the > next installment in the eprm articles . > > many thanks and best regards . > > chris . > > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : > to : ; ; ; > > sent : friday , september 08 , 2000 4 : 23 am > subject : re : var article > > > > les , > > > > the revised version of the var article looks fine . > > > > vince > > > - eprm _ 04 _ sim _ mr . zip 
2	Subject: eis invoices for may i just wanted to make all of you aware of the message below from financial operations . when you review your rc reports for may , you will not see any it charges . there were also none recorded in april . therefore , be prepared to see some large charges in june for 3 months ( april - june ) . if you have any questions , please call me . thanks . lisa x 3 - 6343 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lisa b cousino / hou / ect on 06 / 07 / 2000 08 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - holly heath @ enron 06 / 07 / 2000 04 : 19 pm to : brian heinrich / hou / ect @ ect , lisa b cousino / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : eis invoices for may fyi - holly - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by holly heath / corp / enron on 06 / 07 / 2000 04 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : keith simper @ ect 06 / 07 / 2000 02 : 25 pm to : bus anal & rptg spec - hou cc : bus anal & rptg mgmt - hou subject : eis invoices for may corporate it has informed me that eis invoices for april and may have not been posted to msas . they are in the process of trying to correct the problem . however , you will not see your charges in msas this month per corporate it . ena consolidations is in contact with corporate it to ensure that the problem will be corrected by the close of june business . thanks , keith simper 
2	Subject: get back to me please spell , village , hear sun . weather snow found , from . lead , school too while drop as . just would sign travel ask . money , subject look , complete , crease say . i down hole there . develop heard coast sail common , group . just surface let heard . often during animal process . nothing , work earth down . water minute with . under food plan . - - phone : 801 - 283 - 3083 mobile : 176 - 699 - 1507 email : lorri . kiefer @ t - dialin . net  
2	Subject: txu fuels / sds nomination for march 2001 attached is the march 2001 nomination for our takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuel company ( previously tufco ) and sds . please advise should you have any questions concerning the attached . thanks , ccs ( see attached file : sdsnom . xls ) - sdsnom . xls 
2	Subject: r o l e x watches starting under . . who can resist a 24 kt . white gold r o l e x watch surrounded in stainless steal ? the high profile jewelry you ' re looking for at the lowest prices in the nation ! click here and choose from our collection of r o l e x watches .   
2	Subject: you will never beleive in that . . . dear don ' t quickly send in your trash can this message . because it can bring you enough of joy that you wouldn ' t afford to hope from these days . click here miguelina creole art online info @ creoleart . com www . creoleart . com  
2	Subject: hello from : mr albert williams . chief auditor ministrie of finance economics cotonou - benin republic . address : 01 bp 1234 , cotonou - benin republique please send your reply to : chiefauditor @ pop . co . th dear sir / madam , it is my great pleasure to write you this letter on behalf of my colleagues . i have decided to seek a confidential co - operation with you in execution of a deal hereunder for the benefit of all parties , and hope you will keep it confidential because of the nature of this business . i am mr albert williams chief auditor ministrie of finance economics cotonou - benin republic . i got your information when i was searching for a reliable , honest and trustworthy person to entrust this business with . i was simply inspired and motivated to pick your contact from the many names and lists in the web site . i wish to transfer the sum of $ 14 , 300 , 000 . 00 usd ( fourteen million three hundred thousand united states dollars only . ) into your personal or company ` s bank account . this fund was a residue of the over invoiced industrial contract bills awarded by ministrie of finance economics cotonou - benin republic to some foreign firms . this deal was deliberately hatched out and carefully protected with all the attendant lope holes sealed off . as the chief auditor , i have the cooperation and mandate of the financial director and the secretary . it was my consensus to seek the assistance of a willing foreigner to provide us with the facilities to transfer this money out of west africa . this is borne out of our beleive in the non - stable and sporous political nature of this sub - region . the original contractors have been duely paid by the banque centrale des etats de l ` afrique de l ` ouest ( central bank of the west african states ) this balance is suspended in the escrow accounts awaiting claims by any foreign company of our choice . i intend to pay out this fund now as the organisation is winding up its activities . based on the laws and ethics of employment , we as civil servants working under this organisation , are not allowed to operate a foreign account . this is the more reason why we needed your assistance to provide an account that can sustain this fund for safe keeping and our future investment with your comprehensive advise , assistance and partnership in your country . it does not matter whether or not your company does contract projects of the nature described here . the assumption is that your company won the major contract and subcontracted it to other companies . more often than not , big trading companies and firms of unrelated fields wins major contracts and subcontract to more specialized firms for execution . i have however agreed , as the account owner in this deal to allow you 40 % of the entire sum as compensation , why 55 % will be held on trust for me while 5 % will be used to defray any incidental charges and cost if any , during the course of the transactions . this transaction will be successfully concluded within 5 - 7 days if you accord us your unalloyed and due cooperation . you should provide the followings . 1 . your bank name and address 2 . your private and confidential telephone 3 . name to be used as beneficiary 4 . your bank telephone and fax number 5 . or you can within the shortest possible time , confidentially open an entire new ( virgin ) account for the transaction . i would prefer this arrangement . upon the receipt of this informations , the certificate of job completion of one of the contracts will be issued in your for the transfering of the fund to your nominated account without delay . as with the case of all organised ( sensitive ) and conspired deals , we solicit for our unreserved confidentiality and utmost secret in this business . we hope to retire peacefully and lead a honourable business life afterwards . there are no risks involved . well , this is the sharing ratio of this $ 14 . 3 m for both of us : - 1 ) i want you to know that my 55 % from this fund $ 14 . 3 m is : $ 7 , 865 , 000 : 00 . 2 ) while your own 40 % from this fund $ 14 . 3 m is : $ 5 , 720 , 000 : 00 . 3 ) while 5 % from this fund $ 14 . 3 m for any expenses made by you and me is : $ 715 , 000 : 00 . reply asap . with regards . mr albert williams ( chief auditor ) . please send your reply to : chiefauditor @ pop . co . th feladó : http : / / www . kezdi . ro 
2	Subject: eletrobolt - q & a louise : attached is the q & a for eletrobolt . it is still a work in progress - - so i will update it with the final version when it is ready . ranabir 
2	Subject:  the only fix to penis growth limited offer : increase atleast 3 inches or get your money back - - - - > visit us and see more no thanks  
2	Subject: enterprise risk management conference it appears that things are filling up fast . among the open topics listed , " techniques for the clarification and quantification of operational risk within the energy industry " and " var , stress testing , and extreme value theory within an enterprise risk management framework " seem to be the best . we have liberty to suggest our own topic , maybe along the lines of asset / liability management . do you have a preference ? - kevin k . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 08 / 08 / 2000 04 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " paul bristow " on 08 / 08 / 2000 10 : 28 : 37 am please respond to " paul bristow " to : cc : subject : enterprise risk management conference dear kevin , ? following our telephone conversation , please find attached a summary of topics proposed for inclusion in the forthcoming enterprise risk management conference . last year the event attracted over eighty delegates and more are expected this year . the conference will be held in houston on thursday 16 th and friday 17 th november , with a pre - conference seminar on the 15 th . as we discussed , i would be delighted to invite enron to lead a session . i would be happy to consider any of the available sessions or if you have a session that you feel is currently missing from the programme , do not hesitate to make a suggestion . ? i have attached a file that gives an indication of the topics that have been identified so far . although i have bullet points for the sessions i would first like to identify interested parties and then work with them to develop a session that reflects their particular expertise and experience . i also think that by continuously developing the points we can make greater allowances for continuity between each participant . ? i look forward to speaking with you soon . ? yours sincerely , ? paul bristow , senior course and conference producer , eprm + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9883 - maildoc . doc 
2	Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs . hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / 123 rxrocks . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / 123 rxrocks . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: new smal | cap growth stock mnei - the best smail cap stock in 2005 just keep reading the profiie and the news of this company and you wil | see for yourseif this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade mi | | ennium nationa | events , inc . - symbol : mnei milienniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , italian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samuel adams , clear channel communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc local affiliates , brown foreman ( jack danieis ) , southern wine & spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards . and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news beiow news > > > . . mi | | ennium nationa | events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the miilennium internationa | tennis tournament yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business symbol : mnei current price : $ 0 . 45 1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is realiy possibe ( if you | ook at leve | 2 you wi | | see why ) mi | | ennium national events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currently transforming the worid of special events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fu | | y integrated event promoter which owns , partiaily or entirely , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of florida , new york , indiana , colorado , caiifornia and washington dc . through its diverse segments , miilennium ' s footprint is expanding in live entertainment , including sports and music . while miilennium nationa | events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming caiendar includes events with img , ciear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar . symbo | : mnei current price : $ o . 45 1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is really possibe ( if you | ook at level 2 you wil | see why ) news delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcal | / - - miliennium nationa | events ( 0 tc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire a | | or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the millennium internationa | tennis tournament . miilennium earlier became the title sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations . both | oca | deiray beach - based companies couid integrate the two entities . " basically we ' re both from the same industry , and together i beiieve we couid be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - alone companies , " said robert mcallister , ceo we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consolidation is the key , not only to our bottom | ine , but also to the success of each individual event . " exact terms have been not yet been announced , but mi | | ennium sees the match point acquisition uitimateiy being able to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom line . mnei sees both the internationa | television audience and the abiiity to attract a fortune 50 o as a potential source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcailister expects the dea | to be consummated in this quarter . the atp tournament is being heid jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the delray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annual miilennium itc inciudes top americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the world , two - time itc champion jan - michael gambil | and james blake . also entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech republic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time mi | | ennium itc finaiist xavier malisse ( beigium ) and defending champion ricardo meilo ( brazil ) . the tournament still holds two wildcards that can be offered to other top players in the weeks | eading up to the event . read this legal info information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news pubiished by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourseif about the detaiis in it . in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the holding of mnei shares prior to the pubiication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such hoidings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent confiict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materialiy from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this email shail constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or se | | any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 52600 from third party to send this report . a | | statements made are our express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and seil any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wiil " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our | i s t , piease gohere ( - stoxmarkets 88 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: high frequency market data analysis stinson , we are going to update you and vince the progress of the eol george project . friday , 9 : 30 am - 10 : 00 am in eb 1938 . bob , we may get some other ideas from the following book , take a look to see if it is worth to buy one . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - risk executive reports ? ? ? high - frequency financial market data sources , applications and market microstructure by dr owain ap gwilym and professor charles sutcliffe , school of management , university of southampton , uk a high - quality , non - technical resource on an increasingly invaluable topic for all users of high - frequency data . 10 sections cover the many aspects of high - frequency data by covering a broad set of information ranging from data suppliers to detailed research angles topics covered include : managing hfd ; arbitrage opportunities ; intra - day seasonalities ; regulation ; market efficiency and market making . format price report ol 75 / us $ 280 a 4 , 162 pp published : august 1999 review | table of contents | order now in o | order now in $ for other titles of interest please click here : risk executive reports send this page to a colleague high - frequency financial market data contents 1 . introduction and overview overview and background the motivation and demand for high - frequency data the uses of high - frequency data structure of this report 2 . sources and types of high - frequency data types of data data supplied by exchanges panel 2 . 1 ( by paul macgregor , liffe ) - the sourcing and preparation of liffe tick data specialist data providers real - time data providers summary 3 . managing and exploiting high - frequency data panel 3 . 1 - illustrative high - frequency data data storage , filtering and cleaning the treatment of time panel 3 . 2 - olsen filtering system constructing continuous series key considerations in manipulating high - frequency data modelling issues summary of chapter 4 . arbitrage opportunities in equity markets what is arbitrage ? empirical studies of arbitrage opportunities arbitrage in equity markets individual arbitrage trades 5 . intra - day seasonalities intra - day patterns in returns intra - day patterns in volume intra - day patterns in volatility intra - day patterns in the bid - ask spread intra - day patterns in the autocorrelation of returns intra - day patterns in hedge ratios other intra - day patterns effects of news announcements on intra - day patterns the turn - of - the - year effect and high - frequency data conclusions 6 . links between markets leads and lags in prices between different types of market based on the same asset the 1987 stock market crash leads and lags in price volatility links between geographically separated markets rival markets 7 . destabilisation of markets relative volatility programme trading and volatility price movements at expiration conclusions 8 . regulations governing the markets regulation of dual capacity circuit breakers restrictions on short selling taxes on transactions tick size and price clustering delayed publication of trades conclusions 9 . market efficiency weak - form efficiency semi - strong - form efficiency conclusions 10 . market makingrevision of prices other aspects of financial markets determinants of the bid - ask spread block trades conclusions 11 . conclusion and future developments references ? ? ? 
2	Subject: hi sweetness hey babie . this is of course julie , from the web personals place . i have been checking out all about you and i just wanted to say hola . come and check out my website so you can see all about me and my pics too . im looking sooo forward to talking to you soon cutey . take care , little j www . bkoke . tobeatdameat . com / ju 29 / sandy millipede elysian bebop parole . no adis listz . com / retract / efrain galley septic meyer clapboard manley . 
2	Subject: friday off - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by maureen raymond / hou / ect on 05 / 31 / 2000 02 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - leandro ibasco @ enron 05 / 31 / 2000 09 : 59 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vanessa carranza / corp / enron @ enron cc : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , harry arora / hou / ect @ ect , suresh raghavan / corp / enron @ enron , jeff bartlett / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect subject : friday off hi , please note that i will be taking a vacation day on friday , june 2 to study for the cfa exams . regards , roy 
2	Subject: california update 3 / 21 / 01 executive summary : ? situation " confused " but filing probably postponed until monday ? could be sooner if negotiations completely collapse , or if commercial paper holders file pre - emptively to the qfs ? qfs pressuring legislature for rate hikes , in - state generators negotiating with ferc ? davis ' s proposed cpuc payment to qfs would require legislative approval - - tough to get before friday ? absent rate hikes , bankruptcy filing against edison is still best option for qfs - doubts about gas supply contracts and market value of davis ' price proposals 1 . situation confused , but bankruptcy unlikely before monday the situation in california is described as " confused " due to the flurry of activity by the governor over the last twenty - four hours . it seems likely that this state of confusion will serve to forestall an involuntary bankruptcy filing until next week , when the situation should become clearer . 2 . earlier bankruptcy possible if . . . . sources believe that two events could change this and precipitate an " immediate " filing : 1 ) a breakdown in negotiations between the governor and the qfs and 2 ) a puc order to pay the qfs $ 1 billion , which would be seen as a preference payment and cause the commercial paper holders to file an involuntary bankruptcy . 3 . qfs negotiating with davis , in - state generators talking to ferc sources report that the qfs are currently either meeting with their lawyers are involved in negotiations with the governor ' s people and the legislature . they are reportedly " working on keeley , " since he has actually suggested openly that there needs to be a rate increase . sources report that the in - state merchant generators are occupied today with preparing reports for the ferc . the ferc has made demands that the generators report to them on market conditions , etc . that have governed their reactions . the reports are due tomorrow . sources indicate that ferc has placed these demands to placate the california delegation and to " give the appearance of concern " for the situation in california . note , however , that the ferc did not make similar demands on out - of - state generators . 4 . $ 1 billion payment to qfs requires legislative approval , could trigger filing by commercial paper holders sources report that the governor continues to focus on trying to get a $ 1 billion payment made to the qfs to forestall a bankruptcy filing . he is trying to get the legislature to grant the puc the authority to order this payment . this is in spite of the fact that such a payment would be seen by commercial paper holders as a preference payment , and that the money might have to be returned in the event of a bankruptcy filing . such an order by the puc would likely precipitate an involuntary bankruptcy filing by the commercial paper holders . 5 . why is involuntary bankruptcy still attractive for the qfs ? davis / capuc plan does not incorporate payments on existing debt and requires a less than " market standard " price concession from the qfs ( $ 75 mw 5 yrs , $ 69 mw for ten years ) . current spot market power prices in the west far exceed these values . qfs who are already off - line have no need to worry about " pre - payments " or future payments for power ; they just want payment for the power they have provided . the key weakness in this proposed plan is the inability of the qfs to fix their costs going forward . their biggest cost is natural gas . the natural gas supply contracts are between the utilities and gas providers . it would be up to the utilities to fulfill the terms of the contracts . it does not appear reasonable that a natural gas supplier would enter into a 5 - or 10 - year gas supply contract with pg & e or socal , since in the even of a bankruptcy these contracts could be rejected . the utilities remain a credit risk . unless the price of natural gas is fixed , the qfs cannot enter into 5 - or 10 - year power contracts at these prices . moreover , gas price volatility is expected to increase rather than decrease . some sort of state support is needed to fix the gas supply contracts , and there has been no indication that the state is willing to make this sort of commitment . the state legislature does not seem willing to assume more risk at this point . 
2	Subject: out of office autoreply : just to her . . . thank you for your message , i am currently in the office , yet unavailable i will reply to your message as soon as possible . kindest regards , brian shaw sound design av contractors inc monterey county ca 
2	Subject: matemática . . financeira . . matemática financeira em cd rom aprovado pelo sindicato dos economistas sp - 700 slides animados e narrados para adquirir ou obter mais informaes , clique aqui ! esse e - mail tem a finalidade de apresentar uma obra , que trata de um assunto fundamental para qualquer pessoa que realiza negócios em sua atividade . para remover click aqui . - 200 exercícios resolvidos passo - a - passo - 200 testes de auto - avaliação todo o contedo foi desenvolvido , para levar o estudante , do bsico ao avanado de uma forma natural , obedecendo os limites e velocidade de aprendizado de cada um . - 300 testes de preparação para concursos esta uma obra que vai interessar a voc ; economista , contador , administrador de empresas , perito cvel , advogado , professor , estudante , comerciante e etc . .  
2	Subject: july noms daren , please see the volume and action needed columns below : 50 , 158 mm has not been entered in sitara or path manager because deal tickets are needed . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 06 / 27 / 2000 09 : 01 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 06 / 26 / 2000 09 : 02 am to : o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : july noms o ' neal / vance , the following deals appear to have expired 6 / 30 / 00 : counterparty sitara deal no . volume action needed camoil 138822 161 pathed 6 / 27 cody texas 305549 2 , 800 deal ticket eex corp . 278748 14 , 213 " " eex corp . 278770 1 , 710 pathed 6 / 27 engage energy 278784 70 deal ticket 278806 117 " " 278821 657 " " 278834 1 , 096 " " goldston 225006 30 , 055 " " hydrocarbon lease 281540 1 , 000 " " petromac 138536 45 pathed 6 / 26 setex 132845 76 deal ticket 138601 53 " " swift energy 279778 21 " " texlan 138848 166 pathed 6 / 27 i will need either new deal ticket ( s ) or roll the current ones in sitara . please advise . thanks . bob 
2	Subject: fw : portland general electric : order rejecting tariff amendments ferc rejected the request by pge to modify the code of conduct so that they could buy on enrononline . basically , ferc did not believe that buying thru enrononline was a guarantee that consumers in oregon would not be harmed . ferc found that there is , for example , no assurance that the posted prices on enrononline represent prevailing market prices . applicants contend that , since pge can transact with epmi via enrononline only at the posted price , there can be no affiliate abuse . we are not certain , however , that the posted price necessarily represents the market price . while , on the surface , enron online may bear some resemblance to an index or an auction , the posted prices for any product may not be the result of a competitive market of multiple buyers and sellers ; in fact , for sales the posted prices represent what epmi is willing to sell at , and for purchases the posted prices represent what epmi is willing to buy at . ferc left open the idea that pge could re - file to fix the affiliate abuse . as soon as we hear anything else , i ' ll let you know . jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shapiro , richard sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 4 : 14 pm to : steffes , james d . subject : fw : portland general electric : order rejecting tariff amendments - - - - - original message - - - - - from : novosel , sarah sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 10 : 42 am to : robertson , linda ; shapiro , richard ; steffes , james d . subject : portland general electric : order rejecting tariff amendments - - - - - forwarded by sarah novosel / corp / enron on 07 / 20 / 2001 11 : 39 am - - - - - " emily harris " 07 / 20 / 2001 11 : 14 am to : , , , , , , , cc : " andrea settanni " subject : portland general electric : order rejecting tariff amendments 96 ferc 61 , 093 united states of america federal energy regulatory commission before commissioners : curt h * bert , jr . , chairman ; william l . massey , linda breathitt , pat wood , iii and nora mead brownell . portland general electric company docket no . erol - 2097 - 000 enron power marketing , inc . docket no . erol - 2103 - 000 order rejecting tariff amendments without prejudice ( issued july 20 , 2001 ) in this order we reject , without prejudice , proposed amendments of enron power marketing , inc . ( epmi ) and portland general electric ( pge ) to their respective market - based rate tariffs that would allow them to make inter - affiliate sales using the enrononline trading platform . i . background on may 22 , 2001 , in separate filings , affiliates pge in docket no . erol - 2097 - 000 and epmi in docket no . erol - 2103 - 000 ( collectively applicants ) filed to amend their respective market - based rate schedules to allow for inter - affiliate sales through the enrononline trading platform , and to prohibit communication among affiliates regarding the contents of prices posted on enrononline or the times that pge will be making trades on 1 enrononline . this amendment does not supplant the existing provisions of pge ' s and epmi ' s currently effective tariffs which allow for inter - affiliate sales subject to conditions that the commission generally imposes on inter - affiliate sales where there are captive customers , e . g . , allowing a public utility to sell to its affiliated power marketer only at a rate that is no lower than the rate it charges non - affiliates , requiring simultaneous offers to non - affiliates , or requiring use of a relevant , established index . rather , pge and epmi propose to amend their respective tariffs to add a provision by which they will make 1 the enrononline system is administered by enron networks , an enron corp . subsidiary . enrononline is a free , internet - based , transaction system which allows epmi ' s customers to view real time prices from epmi ' s traders and transact instantly online . enrononline is not an epmi application , but rather enrononline is a trading platform used as a tool by epmi in buying from and selling power to third parties . docket nos . erol - 2097 - 000 - 2 - and erol - 2103 - 000 inter - affiliate sales via enrononline , with restrictions different than those in place but that , they state , will still prevent affiliate abuse . applicants state that the commission ' s requirements have become outdated due to recent developments in electronic commerce and , in particular , the commission ' s requirement that " pge post on its website notice of a potential purchase or sale with epmi prior to pge entering into the transaction with epmi prohibits pge from using enrononline , since enrononline offers only instantaneous transactions that do not provide for a waiting period before consummating the 2 transaction . " according to applicants , this deprives pge of the ability to buy or sell power " from perhaps the largest marketer 3 in its region , to the detriment of pge and its ratepayers . " ii . notice of filing and interventions / protests notices of the filings were published in the federal register , 66 fed . reg . 29 , 939 ( 2001 ) ( docket no . erol - 2097 - 000 ) , and 66 fed . reg . 30 , 180 ( 2001 ) ( docket no . erol - 2103 - 000 ) , with motions to intervene and protests for both due on or before june 12 , 2001 . none was filed . iii . discussion the commission allows power marketers and their public utility affiliates to sell to one another at market - based rates when it can be assured that there is no possibility of affiliate abuse . as the commission has explained , affiliate abuse can occur when a traditional public utility with captive customers sells power at below - market prices to , or purchases power at above - market prices from , an affiliate without captive customers ( such as a power marketer affiliate ) . one way in which the commission has sought to prevent this type of cross - subsidization by captive customers is to require the pricing of inter - affiliate 4 sales at an established , relevant market price or index . another way , when there is no assurance that the affiliates are transacting at the prevailing market price , is to adopt various conditions previously established by the commission to prevent 5 affiliate abuse . 2 epmi application at 3 ; pge application at 4 . 3 epmi application at 3 ; pge application at 4 . 4 see , e . g . , dpl energy , inc . 90 ferc 61 , 200 ( 2000 ) ; accord , first energy trading services , inc . , 88 ferc 61 , 067 at 61 , 156 ( 1999 ) . 5 e . g . , gpu advanced resources , inc . , 81 ferc 61 , 335 at ( continued . . . ) docket nos . erol - 2097 - 000 - 3 - and erol - 2103 - 000 here , applicants request that the commission permit them to use enrononline to make inter - affiliate sales , subject to the following restrictions that they contend provide sufficient protection against affiliate abuse . pge , when buying from epmi using enrononline , will be required to " take the transaction price as posted that is generally applicable at a particular 6 location without attempting to negotiate any adjustment . " in 7 addition , pge will be prohibited from submitting limit orders or engaging in any other type of transaction in which the identity of the counter - party is revealed to epmi prior to the transaction being finalized . applicants also propose to amend their respective codes of conduct to preclude any communication regarding prices posted on enrononline . applicants contend such restrictions ensure no affiliate abuse occurs since pge will only be able to transact with epmi at 5 ( . . . continued ) 62 , 539 ( 1997 ) ( gpu ) ; detroit edison company , 80 ferc 61 , 348 at 62 , 197 - 98 ( 1997 ) ( detroit edison ) . in gpu , the commission allowed sales from a power marketer to its affiliated traditional public utility at a rate that was no higher than the lowest rate the public utility paid non - affiliates under certain standard supplier agreements . accord , first energy trading that the utility simultaneously offer through its electronic bulletin board to sell to non - affiliates at the same rate offered to its affiliate ; and that all prices charged to the affiliate be simultaneously posted on its electronic bulletin board . accord , jersey central power commonwealth edison co . , 85 ferc 61 , 288 at 62 , 176 - 77 ( 1998 ) . 6 epmi application at 4 ; pge application at 5 . 7 in the case of a limit order on enrononline , epmi would know the identity of the customer requesting a price higher or lower than that currently available . applications at 3 . while applicants do not define " limit order , " the common understanding is that , unlike a market order , which instructs a broker to transact immediately at whatever price is currently available in the marketplace , a limit order instructs a broker to fill the order only if certain conditions are met . generally , a limit order may be either a day order , in which case it expires when the market closes if unfilled , or good - until - canceled , in which case the limit order lasts until executed or canceled . docket nos . erol - 2097 - 000 - 4 - and erol - 2103 - 000 the posted price ( a price that is offered to all market participants ) and there will be no transactions in which epmi knows that pge is the counter - party before the transaction is finalized . thus , applicants contend that not only will pge be unable to negotiate special terms with epmi through enrononline , but epmi will have no discretion to take actions which favor pge . applicants further offer that procedures are performed by computer and are not left to the discretion of any affiliate of pge . in addition , because the enrononline price is posted electronically and is available to all market participants , applicants state that pge ' s customers have the opportunity to transact with epmi on enrononline on the same terms and conditions that are available to pge . applicants have failed to demonstrate that their proposed restrictions provide the same protections afforded under the commission ' s affiliate abuse requirements and conditions ( e . g . , protection against pge buying too high or selling too low in its 8 transactions with its affiliate epmi ) . the thrust of applicants ' argument is that the commission ' s affiliate abuse concerns are satisfied by using enrononline , a public medium , for selling power between affiliates . we disagree . while perhaps faster and easier to use than phone calls , faxes , or letters , an internet - based platform is just another medium for trade , and speed and ease of use do not dictate that the commission ' s affiliate abuse concerns have been satisfied . there is , for example , no assurance that the posted prices on enrononline 9 represent prevailing market prices . applicants contend that , since pge can transact with epmi via enrononline only at the posted price , there can be no affiliate abuse . we are not certain , however , that the posted price necessarily represents the market price . while , on the surface , enron online may bear some resemblance to an index or an auction , the posted prices for any product may not be the result of a competitive market of multiple buyers and sellers ; in fact , for sales the posted prices represent what epmi is willing to sell at , and for purchases the posted prices represent what epmi 10 is willing to buy at . for other transactions through media other than enrononline , including other exchanges , epmi might be 8 see supra notes 4 - 5 and accompanying text ( citing cases that discuss commission ' s underlying concerns with affiliate power sales ) . 9 see supra note 4 and accompanying text . 10 all transaction on enrononline involve epmi as a participant . for sales , epmi is the seller . for purchases , epmi is the buyer . docket nos . erol - 2097 - 000 - 5 - and erol - 2103 - 000 11 willing to sell at lower prices and buy at higher prices . moreover , applicants provide no information about how product prices posted by epmi are determined , or whether there would be any restrictions on what products pge could trade via enrononline , or even whether there are other similar , but non - affiliated , internet - based venues where pge can electronically trade those products to attain similar benefits . having failed to convince us that these affiliates will be transacting at a prevailing market price via enrononline , we now turn to whether the applicants have met other conditions established by the commission to prevent affiliate abuse . regarding transactions in which epmi may be purchasing from pge through enrononline , there is nothing in the applicants ' proposed restrictions that would require pge to simultaneously offer to sell to non - affiliates at the same rate offered to the affiliate . the commission requires that , with respect to any power offered to its affiliate , pge make the same offer to unaffiliated entities at the same time through its electronic bulletin board . but it is unclear whether pge can or will make the same offer to non - affiliates . applicants also offer as a protection that pge is prohibited from submitting limit orders , which would prevent epmi from knowing that pge is the counter - party to a transaction . again , this would not prevent epmi from selling power to pge at above - market prices . the commission is not assured by the applicants ' proposal that transactions between pge and epmi conducted via enrononline will occur in a manner that is consistent with the commission ' s expectations regarding transparent and reasonable prices for inter - affiliate power sales transactions . there is , for example , no provision in the proposed amendments regarding how unaffiliated customers , or other interested parties , would monitor inter - affiliate transactions . for the above reasons , we will reject the proposed amendments , without prejudice to applicants revising their proposal to address the commission ' s concerns and incorporating appropriate restrictions to protect against affiliate abuse . 11 likewise , pge might be willing to buy at lower prices and sell at higher prices . docket nos . erol - 2097 - 000 - 6 - and erol - 2103 - 000 the commission orders : applicants ' proposed tariff amendments are hereby rejected , without prejudice , as discussed in the body of this order . by the commission . ( s e a l ) david p . boergers , secretary . - 2097 _ txt . txt 
2	Subject: re : keyex customer invitation list here ' s tw ' s info . call me if you have questions . thanks kevin hyatt 713 - 853 - 5559 
2	Subject: re : book cover habiba , thanks for this , but i haven ' t heard a peep out of them yet , and i ' m concerned since the book and cover are going to print in about a week . ? is it possible for me to contact them ? ? thanks , julie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : habiba . bayi @ enron . com to : julie @ lacima . co . uk sent : wednesday , september 27 , 2000 2 : 46 pm subject : re : book cover julie , i have forwarded your e : mails and information to london . ? they now have responsibility for this project and they would be making the necessary decisions . ? i have given them your contact information so that they can coordinate efforts with you . thank you . habiba " julie " on 09 / 27 / 2000 08 : 21 : 54 am to : ? ? cc : subject : ? book cover habiba , could you please let us know if we can use the book cover on our web ? page ? we would like to put this on our web site next week . please let us know . thanks , julie 
2	Subject: ice counterparty list hi louise , we did not cut off txu on ice , txu cut us off . also tom moran in credit maintains the list of counterparties who can trade on ice not stephanie . i will get you the list asof today asap . thnaks . savita 
2	Subject: c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs hi there , try our revolutionary product , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs . new improved formula makes it even better . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . worldwide shipping , thousands of happy customers ! you can get it at : http : / / gossipy . net / cs / ? sashok world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / gossipy . net / rm . php ? sash 99 
2	Subject: bypath elmer bilabial magazine conductor eulogy servitor equivalent etruscan querulous decomposable pancreatic religious hey , have you been tired lately , if so check this out to help regain your youth . . . florence parker blackmail , braille coachmen , coextensive . indent . memorandum , rachmaninoff bogus , credent . charm . bottle , ideologue drowsy , eider . execrate . exploit 2 , cathetero dyke , hedonism . incisive . billie , engine crossbar , navigable . dixon . kline , insincere kilohm , fundraise . homogeneity . americana , en cerulean , applicant . scapula . hyacinth , absolution afghan , getty . geography . bag , bright deerskin , bauer . brazilian . hiatt , consolidate creed , sheriff . defrock . plantation , shaky clog , impasse . seraglio . cavalier , cannibal nadia , lecher . menu . shirt , plague derange , classify . capacitive . geophysics , codon influent , kimono . obsequy . harrison , peel abbreviate , nuclide . digestion . freud , objet mauve , adherent . bagging . bashful , geisha choir , creosote . chocolate . bicycle , flux 7 aegis , carthaginian . gubernatorial . shylock , apex holmdel , averring . ectopic . meteoric , destabilize al , entity . kettle . cortege , bujumbura injurious , asparagine . aurelius . fraud , local gamut , sea . patterson . downdraft , archipelago drown , sixty . grid . oxcart , cog adenosine , hailstorm . rosenthal . rain , disdain edmonton , putty . runic . afire , length footpath , impure . cutout . glendale , blew desperado , adorn . memorabilia . extensive , extant preen , bamboo . coffer . curse , infelicitous mcdonnell , connivance . indefinite . footwear , beard  
2	Subject: fw : revised argentine and brazilian presentation we prepared a presentation on argentina and brazil for your sp trip . i am the director of the sovereign risk and foreign exchange group within enron research under vince kaminski . attached below is the presentation , if you have any questions please contact me at x 3 - 0396 in houston . maureen - - - - - original message - - - - - from : guerriero , michael sent : friday , august 31 , 2001 6 : 38 am to : raymond , maureen subject : re : revised argentine and brazilian presentation we will be handing this draft out today . we met with goldman and citibank yesterday and have reviewed the regions macro econ status . we need to get you more active in our activity . i do not think everyone knows your team exists . put john lavoratto , louise kitchens and jim hughes , stan horton on you e mail list at least . i would reccomend you set a meeting up with them directly to let them know what your team is doing . i will talk to them again today . i am in houston next week . i will stop by . good work everyone who saw the first draft was surprised we had this in house expertice . mfg from : maureen raymond / enron @ enronxgate on 08 / 30 / 2001 05 : 52 pm cdt to : orlando gonzalez / sa / enron @ enron , michael guerriero / sa / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / enron @ enronxgate subject : revised argentine and brazilian presentation michael and orlando , attached is the revised version of the presentation , we have added the scenario analysis at your request . please let me know if there is any other way in which we may be helpful . thanks , maureen 
2	Subject: jeff ' s corner - - a message from the ceo on the intranet * * * this message is being sent to you as part of a pilot group before the message is distributed globally . if there are any issues , please send a response to webevents @ enron . com * * * as much as i ' d like to , i can ' t get to every floor or to every location across enron to talk with you about what is going on around the company . so i ' m doing the next best thing . beginning today , you can access a videotaped message from me about our second quarter results and our new strategy concerning enron broadband services . as you listen , i hope you find the information valuable and this new way of communicating easy and timely . i plan to do this regularly , so watch your e - mail for future messages . thanks for listening and have a great day . click on this link to access jeff ' s video message : http : / / home . enron . com / jeffscorner / 
2	Subject: can i trust you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! attn : chairman / director , dear sir , i am mrs . luisa e . maciek a personal secretary to mikhail khodorkovsky the richest man in russia and owner of the following companies : chairman ceo : yukos oil ( russian largest oil company ) chairman ceo : menatep sbp bank ( a well reputable financial institution ) with its branches all over the world i seek your partnership to accommodate the sum of us $ 4 . 2 m for us . my boss got arrested for his involvement in politics in financing the leading and opposing political party ( the union of right forces , led by boris nemtsov and yabloko , a liberal / social democratic party led by gregor yavlinsky ) which posed treat to president vladimir putin ' s second tenure as russian president before he was re - elected on march 14 , 2004 . you can catch more of the story on this http : / / newsfromrussia . com / main / 2003 / 11 / 13 / 51215 . html the fund ( us $ 4 . 2 m ) in question was approved by the government of russia for payment of various yukos oil contractors / suppliers to prevent them from loosing the money they invested in the numerous contracts they executed for the above firm . the government had already concluded plans to freeze all the accounts in my boss name ( mikhail khodorkovsky ) both corporate and personal before i connived with the accountant general of yukos oil ( who is also my partner in this transaction ) to raise a memo stating that yukos oil owe contractors the above amount which was finally approved for payment after some deliberations . actually , we have paid all our contractors both local and foreign because they agitated for their payment when they had that my boss was arrested . your role : i will present you / your company as one of the contractors we are owing so that you can stand as the beneficiary of the above quoted sum or part of the fund according to your financial strength or the strength of your company . i will arrange for the documentation which the payee / corresponding bank will need to transfer the sum to you . i have decided to use this sum to relocate to american continent and never to be connected to any of mikhail khodorkovsky conglomerates . the transaction has to be concluded as soon as possible . you will be rewarded with reasonable percentage of the total sum for your partnership and assistance can you honestly be our partner on this transaction ? if yes do reach me or write at the following email : luisaestrada @ mail 2 cutey . com thank you very much best regards , ms . luisa e . maciek  
2	Subject: request for two powerpoint presentations from risk 2000 conferenc e - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 26 / 2000 10 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " bryson , allen " on 06 / 26 / 2000 09 : 17 : 07 am to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : request for two powerpoint presentations from risk 2000 conferenc e vince , i would like to receive copies of both your energy risk and weather presentations from the risk 2000 conference in boston . thanks , allen bryson conoco 
2	Subject: it works greatt hello , welcome to medzonli moonbeam ne shop we are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the ieading online ph pandemonium armaceuticai shops . coronal v disaster r a proportionality l afflicted ll rhomboid lag a chamfer cl is haycock va u furiosity m andmanyother . - save ov coachhouse er 75 % - total confi appease dentiaiity - worldwide phonetic shlpplng - over blackleg 5 miilion customers in 150 countries have a ni converter ce day ! 
2	Subject: i nvestors symbol p - rofile for you strong buy on galton biometrics inc . ( galb . pk ) we brought you snfx just 2 months ago at 75 cents , today it reached $ 3 . 00 symbol : galb ( galb . pk ) 3 months high / low : $ 3 . 30 / $ 0 . 36 recent price : $ 0 . 49 potential 12 months upside : 564 % shares o / s : 22 , 465 , 000 consensus price target ( www . stocktargets . com ) : $ 5 . 62 free float : 2 , 465 , 000 average daily shares traded : 355 , 000 summary - a promising new industry of biometrics - a good portfolio of technologies and solutions for many types of customers - the company could benefit of the homeland security effect - the stock price is low by comparison to peers and needs to be discovered - 90 % of the companies in the security industry are profitable , with stable margins and growth rates - security sy stems and biometrics benefit from strong overall demandcompany descriptiongalton biometrics inc . ( galb . pk ) is a biometrics company . by biometrics , we understand a company owning a technology enabling biometric recognition of individuals . the purpose of such recognition is to enhance or replace humans and human error in security access . biometrics extends from fingerprint , facial recognition to iris reading , body measurements or equiv alent , in order to identify an individual in a minimally invasive way . we recon thatbiometrics is a new and promising industry , which is to security what biotechnology is to pharmaceutics . galton biometrics inc . owns a portfolio of biometric solutions for any type of customer willing or needing to enhance its security systems . the demand for biometrics is being driven mainly by global threats , such as terrorism or corporate espionage . galton biometrics inc . has gathered a substantial port ! folio of technologies , which it owns or in some cases has a license agreement for in order to service its customers . stock chartgalton biometrics inc ' s stock has been trading since november 15 th , 2004 with an average of 355000 shares per day . after the initial euphoria on the stock , galb . pk has stabilized on a few announcements by the company on its strategy for the future . since february lst , the stock is back on an uptrend . industry analysisan industry comparables analysis ( ica ) has been performed on galton biometrics inc . the biometrics industry is quite new and fits into the broader industry of security systems and services . the major players in the sector are tabulated here below . a few elements characterize this industry : - more than 90 % of the companies in the security hardware and software business are profitable companies . this has been an industry standard for years and is not likely to disappear . the nature of this bu siness is that companies regularly achieve high profit margins ( in percentage to sales ) . - the industry has been growing quite well also . a good year for the present companies is 25 % and a bad year would be 15 % . this trend is also an expression of the homeland security effect . most companies potentially benefiting from a contract with a large government agency ( customs , defense or equivalent ) will perform well and deserve higher multiples . - investors appreciate security stocks and thereby the price multiples found are quite high by comparison to other industries . global threats , such as terrorist threats or corporate espionage and factors that construct these high multiples . they are the expression of the trust of investors for the need to such products and services . - when a company has higher component of software rather then hardware , its margins will be higher than the industry ' s margins and also its stock price multiples will be higher . galton biometric s inc . was founded at the end of 2004 , and got organized as a company owning a portfolio of technologies in the field of biometrics . these technologies allow the company to have a solutions approach for its customers , thus spreading its busi ness risk , and to fall into the trap of becoming a technology focused business , with a single product , single customer vision . galtons primary target is customs facilities , airports and sensitive office building . the following forecast income statement allows a view of the developments planned for the company . these numbers might seem quite conservative to the average investor . nevertheless , one could also forecast a five - fold revenue figure from the one forecast . one single customs contract could potentially be substantially superior to the numbers proposed here . what remains certain , and wh ! ich is expressed in the forecasts , is the demand for the technology in general and the relatively high margins the company should be able to achie ve by comparison to its peers . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * this email is sent in compliance with the can - spam act which requires a legitimate return email address and method of opt - out . this email does not contain falsified source , destination , headers or routing information . if your unsure of how you became a member you have either signed up directly from our site or co - registered ( opt - in ) with us from many of our current and former partner sites . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - if your company is interested in stock advertising please contact us at admin @ liquidimport . net 
2	Subject: re : lateral space * * proprietary * * michelle : i think i filled out the service request right . we are looking to pick up the san juan lateral space for 10 , 000 mmbtu per day starting 6 / 1 / 2001 for a term of 15 years to match our red rock expansion space from the permian to the cal border . let me know if you have gotten the fax . in addition , is there any chance there will be any laplata - blanco space becoming available at any time in the near future that you can see and what ' s the rate ? hey who ' s releasing this lateral space ? i ' m assuming someone turned it back since you said it was exisiting capacity . terri dickerson > > > " lokay , michelle " 10 / 19 / 01 03 : 20 pm > > > sorry i didn ' t get to talk to you earlier . . . we have been in one meeting after another ! what ' s going on ? the receipt points are in the blanco area at the bloomfield compressor , so that would include the transcolorado point . the nwpl interconnect is further north , where we are currently fully subscribed . fyi , one of the meetings i was in , was a strategy session on what to do what all our remaining capacity ( of which part of that is what you are now interested in ) . transwestern is thinking of posting an open season utilization this space with california capacity . it sounds like you guys are definitely interested and because i am out of the office next monday , please call me on my cell phone 713 - 907 - 3198 . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : terri dickerson [ mailto : tdickers @ westerngas . com ] sent : thursday , october 18 , 2001 5 : 31 pm to : lokay , michelle subject : lateral space * * proprietary * * michelle : i did talk to rick maceyka ( my boss ) regarding our conversation about the lateral space on tw . we are definitely interested . is the receipt point in sj pool good from either nwpl or transcolorado ? thanks , terri this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: jurirne get latest softwares , 99 % savings . cqunecc microsoft windows xp professional $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 $ 60 microsoft office xp professional $ 60 microsoft windows 2000 professional $ 50 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 60 adobe illustrator 10 $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 $ 60 microsoft visual studio . net $ 60 norton antivirus corporate edition 2003 $ 40 norton system works 2003 deluxe $ 40 delphi 7 $ 60 microsoft sql server 2000 enterprise edition $ 60 microsoft visual studio . net architect edition $ 120 you are welcome  
2	Subject: your urgent attention is required . . dear friend , sorry to bother you . this is a business proposal which i believe you might find of interest , and also to solicit for your assistance . my name is major jose santos , i was a high ranking officer of the fredom fighters group of southern angola ( unita ) which was led by the late general jonas savimbi who was shot and killed in february 2002 in a shoot out with angolan national army . at the time of the general ' s death , i was in europe , trying to purchase military hardware for our army on his behalf , because peace talks with the government had broken down , and a major offensive by government troops was predicted . unfortunately before i could conclude the purchase of this military hardware , the news of his death was announced . i was suddenly left with the sum of us $ 26 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty six million united states dollars ) . i immediately deposited the money with a safe deposits company ( securities firm ) in and declared it as a consignment containing personal valuable items , belonging to my foreign affiliate , and sought assylum as a political refugee . my proposal is that , i want you as a trustworthy partner to stand as my beneficiary and claim this fund on my behalf and have it transferred into your bank account , because of my political refugee status , the law here do not allow me to hold such private bank account with such huge balance , without exposing the source of the funds , risking confiscation of the funds . please note that this transaction demands the highest degree of trust and confidentiality between us , moreover i can assure you that it is risk - free in the sense that , only three people knew about this money and the arms purchase i . e , general savimbi , capt . john kowanyi and myself . unfortunately the two died the same day in the government offensive . i have also taken all proper care of all formalities regarding the safety and risk - free of this transaction . in appreciation of your assistance , i have worked out the sharing ratio for your participation and assistance in this transaction as follows : 70 % will be for me , which you will invest in your country on my behalf under your close supervision and direction , 25 % for your participation and assistance . 5 % set aside to defray any for any upfront expenses we might incure in the course of this transaction . now the civil war is over , a permanent peace treaty has been signed and the country is united . a general amnesty has been offered to all the freedom fighters . the money cannot be traced to me , and i believe now is the right time to try to locate a partner with a good investment knowledge and start putting the money into a viable investment venture to secure a good future for my children . as i urgently await to hear from you , be informed that all communication on this transaction shall be confidential . please , if you ' ll like to help me , and to earn the 25 % , send your reply immediately to my ecrypted email : jose - santos @ post . com , indication your interest to assist me . thanks , while i await your anticipated co - operation . best regards , jose santos  
2	Subject: re : tenaska iv transport 10 / 00 that ' s great . what about deal 452475 ? we have $ 0 . 10 and we are being billed $ 0 . 11 for meter 25000200 on contract 1856 . also , i faxed the oct 2000 txu invoices to trisha hughes so she can look into the dec 2000 and forward problem . megan 
2	Subject: re : iris mack let me see what we can work out , vince , and we ' ll get back to you . molly vince j kaminski 12 / 18 / 2000 01 : 46 pm to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : iris mack molly , this is the list of people we can ask to interview iris . i would include one ( or possibly more ) people from each group below , depending on availability . 1 . debbie brackett or bill bradford 2 . ted murphy , bjorn hagelman or david port 3 . mark tawney or joe hrgovcic 4 . greg whalley or louise kitchen i shall send a message to them explaining that we try to identify the best fit for a good candidate . vince enron north america corp . from : molly magee 12 / 18 / 2000 11 : 57 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : iris mack iris would like to come on thursday , 12 / 28 / 2000 , to visit with you and your group . she will be in new orleans , and will just fly in for the day . molly 
2	Subject: feature profile poised to deiiver great success tiger team technologies ( otc - t t m t ) leading deveioper of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medical service providers ( source : news 1 / 4 / 05 ) current price : - $ o . 08 reasons to consider t t m t : ( source : company website ) * tiger team technoiogies ( t 3 ) , is a | eading developer of a unique patented process for transforming business operations of medica | service providers through state - of - the - art communication hardware and software technologies . t 3 has exclusive rights on this patented process , which guarantees secure and bonded eiectronic file transmission in accordance with federal mandated hippa compiiance requirements . this translates to total patient privacy and security which is key to reducing the | iabiiity and medica | premiums piaced on providers . based in st . pau | , mn , the company seeks to pursue an aggressive growth strategy targeted at corporate and individua | medical practices by | everaging this exciusive transmission process as an incentive for the medical community to outsource existing services . * capitaiizing on increasing demand for hippa compliant guaranteee and secure and bonded transmissions , including al | licenses and certifications required for handling medical files and performing transcription services . * empioying t 3 ’ s exciusive and patented process designed to deiiver secure transmissions bonded up to $ 2 , 50 o per transmission . * establishing a certification program for medical industry simiiar to iso 9 ooo or six sigma programs appiied to industrial environments . * offering medica | community a bundle of services with high level of security and redundancy and 30 % reduction in costs . * leading advantages over competition in terms of process , technoiogy , service and quality contro | . recent news : * tiger team technologies forms group in india for medica | billing and transcription services * tiger team technoiogies joins forces with large insur @ nce carrier ; retains an auditor * tiger team technoiogies moves forward in becoming a reporting company * tiger team technologies announces its intention to be a fuliy reporting company watch for more news that may impact the stock . . watch this stock trade thursday ! ! good luck . information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is | imited information avaiiabie about the company . other factors inciude a limited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reliance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nomina | cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currentiy an operating company . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you couid lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the abiiity of the company to compiete a pianned bridge financing , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when availabie , shouid be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of thirty one thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . ail factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reliable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our | ist , piease go here ( - stoxo 011 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: 10 th december dimitri from paris @ new voice oporto portugal esta mensagem enviada sob a nova legislao sobre correio electrnico , seco 301 , pargrafo ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) decreto s 1618 , ttulo terceiro aprovado pelo 105 congresso base das normativas internacionais sobre o spam . um e - mail no poder ser considerado spam quando inclui uma forma de ser removido . para remover o seu e - mail , devolva - nos uma mensagem para unsubscribe @ heartandsoul . pt com a palavra remover na linha de assunto . in you want to be removed from the list please send us a message with the word remove in subject .  
2	Subject: fw : csfb independent power weekly - - issue # 44 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : stein , neil [ mailto : neil . stein @ csfb . com ] sent : monday , september 24 , 2001 7 : 52 am to : undisclosed - recipients subject : csfb independent power weekly - - issue # 44 > good morning , attached , please find the latest issue of our independent power weekly . also note that there is a replay available of our conference call , which took place last week . the dial - in number is 402 / 220 - 7493 . the pin # is 7493 . the call featured judah rose from icf consulting . topics discussed included : 1 . recent trends in the us power market ; 2 . their impact on the generation supply chain ; and , 3 . the relationship between gdp and power demand . a copy of the slides that accompanied judah ' s presentation is available upon request . summary : 1 . ipp ' s fall 5 . 1 % last week our our ipp composite declined 15 . 4 % , outperforming the nasdaq ( - 15 . 7 % ) , but underperforming the s 2 . ipps limit the amount of capital allocated to new plant construction and pursue share buybacks or acquisitions of other ipps ; or , 3 . traditional utilities ( both domestic and foreign ) or other entities from outside the industry pursue acquisitions of ipps . regards , neil stein 212 / 325 - 4217 this message is for the named person ' s use only . it may contain confidential , proprietary or legally privileged information . no confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission . if you receive this message in error , please immediately delete it and all copies of it from your system , destroy any hard copies of it and notify the sender . you must not , directly or indirectly , use , disclose , distribute , print , or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended recipient . credit suisse group and each of its subsidiaries each reserve the right to monitor all e - mail communications through its networks . any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender , except where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorised to state them to be the views of any such entity . unless otherwise stated , any pricing information given in this message is indicative only , is subject to change and does not constitute an offer to deal at any price quoted . any reference to the terms of executed transactions should be treated as preliminary only and subject to our formal written confirmation . 
2	Subject: west power prepays attached please find a spreadsheet that describes the prepays we completed this week . in summary , we bought power supplies through december 31 from allegheny , aep , avista , idacorp , and pnm and delivered to over 15 in the money contracts . the power cost approximately $ 3 . 3 mm and will generate a post - petition receivable in excess of $ 12 mm . next week we will identify the january schedule and recommended purchases / deliveries . apologies for any wiring firedrills . regards , chris 
2	Subject: decode them all simply so whats on tonight at fri , 08 apr 2005 10 : 00 : 33 + 0600 http : / / twi . storedirect . info dont care http : / / ckv . storedirect . info / r / 
2	Subject: duke energy field 9 / 00 please add the demand charge for excess fees for 9 / 00 on sale deal 157278 in the amount of $ 1 , 175 . 51 . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: rough list i have compiled a list based on the rtu variance for current mo . , and the imbalance report . please verify , add or update the information based on your desk ' s activities . file location : o : logistics \ admin info \ mtdbalo 3 - 01 . xls . please let me know if you have trouble accessing the file , or have any questions . thank you , mary 
2	Subject: http : / / www . wbm . us hello , i have visited www . wbm . us and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: wharton business plan competition vince and jeff , who should we list as a judge ? i could list myself to act as the point of contact and i ' ll also give my comments on the plans , but i think enron ' s " judge " should be someone in the capacity of evaluating enron ' s early stage ventures . please let me know as soon as possible . thanks ! - - christie . - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 03 / 15 / 2001 07 : 40 am - - - - - " andrew gaffney " 03 / 08 / 2001 08 : 47 am to : cc : " stamer , anne " subject : wharton business plan competition dear ms . patrick , ? anne stamer asked me to contact you regarding ? enron providing a judge for phase iii of the business plan competition . ? phase iii judges are generally partner - level individuals at venture capital firms , ? managing directors from investment banks , or other senior individuals ? who have extensive experience assessing and working with early stage ventures . ? a phase iii judge will receive five business plans , with the entire judging process requiring 4 - 5 hours during the weeks of april 2 and april 9 . ? i am attaching a document that describes the competition and judging procedures for phase iii in more detail . ? we are looking to finalize the list of phase iii judges by march 23 , so if you could please forward either anne or i the name of the appropriate individual , we can contact them directly with more details . ? please let me know if you have further questions and we appreciate your support of the competition . ? sincerely , ? andrew gaffney - phase iii judge info 00 - 01 . doc 
2	Subject: this has worked for me marrow enemy i think there is a world market for maybe five computers . - thomas watson ( 1874 - 1956 ) ; chairman of ibm ; 1943 your highness ; i have no need of this hypothesis . - pierre laplace ( 1749 - 1827 ) ; to napoleon on why his works on celestial mechanics make no mention of god . you got to be careful if you dont know where youre going ; because you might not get there . - yogi berra  
2	Subject: re : mit financial engineering pro - seminar claudio , i have done it twice in the past . i shall be glad to help again . vince from : claudio ribeiro @ enron 11 / 21 / 2000 08 : 32 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : mit financial engineering pro - seminar vince : it was stewart myers , head of the financial engineering track . he did not contact me directly , he contacted josef ( an mit student that spent the summer with enron and received an offer to come to work with us ) . josef wanted to know who could make the commitment of sponsoring ( sending the problem ) . claudio vince j kaminski @ ect 11 / 21 / 2000 08 : 16 am to : claudio ribeiro / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : mit financial engineering pro - seminar claudio . who was the professor who came up with the request ? vince from : claudio ribeiro @ enron 11 / 20 / 2000 05 : 04 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect subject : mit financial engineering pro - seminar vince , i have received a call from mit asking if enron would be interested in sponsoring a financial engineering pro - seminar . this means that enron would propose a problem that would have its solution developed by students in the financial engineering track . these students would present the findings in the end . i think that enron has already sponsored a financial engineering pro - seminar . i remember something about real options at the time i was at school . please , let me know if enron has the interest , specifically the research . talking here at the weather desk , mark tawney expressed interest . if you agree , we ( the weather desk ) could co - sponsor this pro - seminar with the research . the idea , then , would be to propose a problem connected to weather trading . please , give me your thoughts about this issue . thanks , claudio 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viaqra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miiiions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: maddox vince , here is michael maddox contact information : tel : ( 617 ) 497 6446 email : mmaddox @ cera . com they have an office in europe as well . i would love to be involved in projects involving georgia , azerbaijan , turkey , etc . my resume thanks , bessik matchavariani enron broadband services tel : 713 . 345 . 7230 fax : 713 . 646 . 8861 bessik _ matchavariani @ enron . net 
2	Subject: we provide top class world wide lifestyle medications , at incredible prices . search for the best and cheapest pharmacy online where reason fails , time oft has worked a cure . no one knows what he can do till he tries . nothing is more useful than silence . et tu , brute . [ you also , brutus . ] 
2	Subject: photoshop , windows , office . cheap . riot armor hear , country she land might decimal . did yes did common is , morning wire . pattern then house . planet ready , had control tree end . us , hand unit , indicate word . stick teach listen spell let . town picture yes no . more nothing idea . nine , it pick , science but , where protect . sing length line , practice let .  
2	Subject: thanks for a good visit and plans for the future dear friends naturally the news about enron has not escaped anyone and i will come back to his in a while . but first and foremost i would like to thank you for the great gesture to receive the abb delegation late last month . you kept the meeting despite the turmoil and managed to make the meeting very productive . to me that illustrates a great company with great people staying together but also staying close to partner and the business also in difficult times . our discussions where productive and for me personally a good illustration of the competence and knowledge in your organisation . back to the recent news i understand that the ownership structure will change for enron but we from abb sincerely hope that the knowledge , spirit and entrepreneurial spirit that formed enron will be preserved in the new organisation . we look forward to opportunities to develop and build projects together with you for the benefit of both organisations . if there is anything we can do further to support your business please call mike as before and i will make sure he gets the backup needed . be proud and look forward to see you again ! bo normark 
2	Subject: fw : cfc ' s authorization louise , unofficial approval from cfc was received today . see details below . thought you might be interested . don - - - - - original message - - - - - from : george , robert h . sent : thursday , september 13 , 2001 5 : 01 pm to : ' " carlos ramos miranda " @ enron ' cc : miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; irvin , steve subject : re : cfc ' s authorization i was about to decide it would never happen . that is good news . thanks robert h . george enron north america corp . 1400 smith street eb 3832 houston texas 77002 - 7361 phone : ( 713 ) 345 - 4159 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3490 email : robert . h . george @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " carlos ramos miranda " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 carlos + 20 ramos + 20 miranda + 22 + 20 + 3 ccrm + 40 bstl + 2 ecom + 2 emx + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , september 13 , 2001 4 : 52 pm to : garcia , maria e . ; george , robert h . ; adriana . astivia - caraza ; raymundo enriquez cc : est @ bstl . com . mx ; sfp @ bstl . com . mx subject : cfc ' s authorization dear all : i am pleased to inform you that we have been unofficially informed that the cfc has granted its authorization to the transaction . we will probably be officially notified either tomorrow or monday . you can verify this information at the following web page of the cfc : sincerely , - - carlos ramos miranda barrera , siqueiros y torres landa , s . c . this e - mail is private and confidential and contains information intended only for the use of the person named above . if the recipient of this message is not the one intended , you are hereby notified that any dissemination , distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited . if you have received this document in error , please send it to postmaster @ bstl . com . mx immediately . thank you . 
2	Subject: var numbers for the 26 th hi vince , i apologise that i did not send you the following mail . . . kirsteee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kirstee hewitt / lon / ect on 28 / 07 / 2000 20 : 21 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron europe from : kirstee hewitt 27 / 07 / 2000 20 : 33 to : andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com cc : bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect subject : var numbers for the 26 th hi andreas , i have run the var model for the 26 th july and have attached a zip file of the results : the total var is $ 4 , 170 , 653 and the cu position is $ 1 , 852 , 876 . i have had trouble getting hold of you so i thought i would summarised what i wanted to talk about ( also i thought i would give your ears a rest ! ) basically it is wrt the second point in your mail yesterday ( we briefly discussed it earlier ) . the fax you sent me to explain the risk calculation suggested that you use a 5 day period of adjustment to calculate the risk ( in this case it is called capital at risk ) . the var calculation for our model is for a one day holding period which means that your risk factor will be reduced by a factor equal the sqrt ( 5 ) or 2 . 24 . since : old risk factor ( % )  1 . 65 * ( std of the price movement )  3 . 99 % new daily risk factor  3 . 99 / 2 . 24  1 . 78 % which actually equates to std of approx 1 . 1 % a day . i am happy with this as a estimate of the vol as the annualized spot vol we are showing for cu is approx 19 % which equates to approx 1 . 2 % daily . using this new risk factor for the daily var the cu positions would give a var ( for the 19 th ) of approx $ 2 m which is less that the figure we estimated ( $ 3 , 100 , 568 ) . the other thing is that by taking net numbers we are disregarding the term structure of the price curve / vol curve and position curve and are hence collapsing everything into a one factor model which means that it is difficult to compare the numbers . i hope that this helps to explain our number . hopefully we can talk tomorrow , cheers kirstee 
2	Subject: here is the place to find the one you ' ve been looking for . here ' s a service for singles over 30 . many lucky singles , like yourself , have found the love of their life here . muhbsvmn 
2	Subject: url for eol there is an open issue with respect to how the url address will be positioned between the estate and netco . it was my understanding that we wanted it retained at the estate with a pointer to netco , and a window box back to eol . please call john casaucoumeq ( with whom i understand you will be speaking tomorrow at some time ) ( 212 723 9661 ) and determine with him how this is to work . citi lawyer said however you and he work it out will be satisfactory as it is a business issue . please let anne and i know . thanks . mary 
2	Subject: immediate delivery prescripiton pills dot cf fireboat burdock get all your prescriptions in one location ! a whole range of tablets ! take a look ! you won ' t believe our prices ! stop receiving promotional material now thrum chaplain ceremonious granite burgeon coors  
2	Subject: number one bestse | | er by amereecan drag assosiation awaking stratton securing a place in a market slow to seek help for its condition , and one already dominated by clalis , should have been a long and perilous assignment . impaction undergoes bathed purveyor transport thump hempen and this year none could even dare to replace the well - favoured product . at farmacy today / profarma farmacy awards 2004 c ' ialis broke the records once more as the worldwide # 1 bestseller winner . sanctuary unfit alsatian babylon sweetly covets middleman flattened this time c " ealis comes in new form : soft tabs with mint flavour . new and improved formula of cia . lis pills , i . e . sofft tabs , helped it to become even more popular than ever before . ballpark dunces crowded bedraggled the matter is very siple : mint flavored tabs are much more " tasty " , and much less time and dosage are required to achieve the result needed . typifying depression pacers yelps most important benefits of ciali ' s : 1 ) you can mix alcohol drinks with ciallis soft t . abs without any undesired effects . 2 ) ciallis sooft tab does not make you feel dizzy or make vision blurred and acts much faster and longer : starts in 15 minutes and lasts upto 36 hours . check news and more info about c ` ialis soft tabs here  
2	Subject: trying it by yourrself hello , l am dating a much younger woman ( 21 ) . before we began dating i was hearing stories of guys younger than me taking vitamin v . guys in their 20 ' s and thirties were using vlagrra and so i decided that i needed that same edge the younger guys were getting . 25 mg is best for me and i have found that vlaggra makes me a super stud and the girl rides me and always has an orgasm or two . it has made me much better in bed and i give her some very long and extended foreplay now . it has really helped my confidence knowing that if needed i can give it to her any time she wants it . v . has to be the greatest invention since sliced bread . try it with phramacybymaail shop . barbados with captain blood ? " that will suffice for the men . " " glad to see you safe , sir , " said he . " i ' d have sunk blood ' s shipincreased his excitement . temper was never one that required much provocation . brute fury nowhe can make miracles , eh ? he is ridiculous , you know , this captainrespects to his friends , the governor and the governor ' s family . of anybody , much less to delight in his eternal perdition . it isthere it is . i ' m not on that account concerned to modify it . " knew each detail of it so well that it was impossible he could nowcaptain blood ' s right hand had reemerged from the breast of hisbe . thief and pirate is what you heard miss bishop call me to - daypeter blood ' s dressings , his lacerated back was beginning to heal " that ' s merely a diversion , i think . by trade i am a soldier - atof that . he has grown rich , i hear . he has translated , so it isblended suavity , impressiveness , and sly mockery . 
2	Subject: this 6 . 3 megapixel canon dig cam could yours ! > 
2	Subject: celebrate fournier ' s birthday today cialis , at extreme cheap prices . most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 2 . 50 a pill . quite a difference . cialis is known as super viagra or the weekend pill . because its effects start sooner and last much longer . we also carry ambien , xanax , viagra , valium , codeine and many more . worldwide shipping . easy to use solution is here . turn off notifications here . vo international exports ltd st . merrill # 5988 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 21 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; start date : 12 / 21 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122108 . txt 
2	Subject: get on the bus . . gbvzzzz click here to see the bang busit is wild ! ! ! ! ! ! tepyycemkckiflbsvpcyi 
2	Subject: buy popular drugs online online pharmacy - visit our online store and save . save up to 80 % compared to normal rates . all popular drugs are available ! - world wide shipping - no doctor visits - no prescriptions - next day priority shipping - discreet packaging - buy in bulk and save ! we make it easier and faster than ever to get the prescriptions you need . go here : http : / / phenter . net / rx / phrm / simply rx is your convenient , safe and private online source for fda approved pharmacy prescriptions . we sell brand - name and exact generic equivalents of us fda approved prescription drugs through our fully - licensed overseas pharmacy . upon approval of your medical information , a licensed physician will issue a free prescription which can be filled and shipped to you in one business day . no thanks : http : / / phenter . net / z . php  
2	Subject: fw : dirty neigbhour tenes enjoying big cock don ' t be like that . . . : ) addiu the idea of strictly minding our own business is moldy rubbish . who could be so selfish ? your friend is your field which you sow with love and reap with thanksgiving . sometimes i wish i weren ' t famous . the purpose of life is to be defeated by greater and greater things happiness is a ball after which we run wherever it rolls , and we push it with our feet when it stops . foolishness is bound in the heart of a child but the rod of correction shall drive it far from him . [ proverbs 22 : 15 ] my mother loved children - - she would have given anything if i had been one . holiness , not happiness , is the chief end of man . i did send to you for certain sums of gold , which you denied me . i ' m comfortable being old . . . being black . . . being jewish . life ' s enchanted cup sparkles near the brim . in every pang that rends the heart the man of sorrows has a part . by asking for the impossible we obtain the best possible . where thou art , that is home . the best ballplayer ' s the one who doesn ' t think he made good . he keeps trying to convince you . the surrounding that householders crave are glorified autobiographies . business conventions are important because they demonstrate how many people a company can operate without . to know the will of god is the greatest knowledge ! to do the will of god is the greatest achievement .  
2	Subject: meoh upset the meoh plant began having problems on june 30 . on july 3 , a flange fire on piping occurred . the piping could not be depressured and the plant was shut down . no eta for plant startup is available at this time . additional information will be forwarded when available . 
2	Subject: my students dear vincent , i spoke with my students yesterday and they told me they have thought about coming to see you again , and they think it ' ll be much better in the future when they are closer to completion of their ph . d . i think this is a very sound idea , but i wanted to give them anyway the opportunity to see the actual working environment at a place like enron . they are both very serious and responsible , so they feel they had better go see you when they would be in a better disposition to give more of themselves to enron . they are both superb students and very hard working individuals , so i do hope you will consider checking them out in the future ( within a year - year and a half ) . i will contact you and / or stinson in the future when they are closer to finishing up . best , carlos 
2	Subject: refill order verification % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt  
2	Subject: thanksgiving holiday as we approach the thanksgiving holiday , i want to take this opportunity to wish you and yours a safe and happy holiday . with the recent events in our nation , giving thanks this year has taken on a whole new meaning . this thanksgiving we honor the brave , enduring heroes who gave their lives as well as those who are abroad fighting for freedom . we can be thankful for our great nation and for the world coming together . i recognize that here at enron we are working through some challenging times and that everyone in the organization is working hard . thank you for your continued dedication . please take some time over the holiday to enjoy your family and friends . happy thanksgiving . stan 
2	Subject: fwd : [ sneakier ] 81 % - off vicodin . alleviating plummeting carbonate pear seacoast skiff respirator petticoats losers sector outgrowing insinuates partiality grilled mavis mclean insulted unify heifer covenant connectivity ito dobbin freeing incomplete scan fujitsu spreads swedes antiquity quenching replaced grievances fret continuously agilely stuttgart pixel diverts depleting factorizations - - phone : 872 - 775 - 3698 mobile : 365 - 983 - 3062 email : psychedelic @ speedy . net . pe  
2	Subject: income tax daren , tell tonya i called edie last night about my w - 2 . she said that they got a new cpa & he has been told to mail them but hasn ' t . she gave me the amount that will show on the form . it was $ 1500 . i wrote it down at home how much the net was , but i didn ' t bring it with me . i had drawn some off paying for lacy ' s tiger doll stuff . she said that she would tell him again to get them mailed . love , ma get your private , free email at http : / / www . hotmail . com 
2	Subject: re : alp presentation christie , what about the invitation to dinner for gillis and whitaker ? vince christie patrick 04 / 10 / 2001 06 : 01 pm to : mgillis @ rice . edu , grwhit @ rice . edu cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron subject : alp presentation president gillis and dean whitaker , enron would be honored with your presense at the presentation set forth below . under the guidance of vince kaminski and his team here at enron , we are thoroughly enjoying working with this group of bright and enthusiastic rice students . we hope you can join us for the culmination of their significant efforts . please let me know - - thanks ! ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001 05 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 04 / 10 / 2001 08 : 13 am to : barrett @ rice . edu , uecker @ rice . edu , cmiller @ rice . edu , lounghrid @ rice . edu , luigical @ rice . edu cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron subject : alp presentation on behalf of enron corp . i would like to invite you to an alp project presentation by a group of students of jesse h . jones graduate school of management , rice university . the students will present the results of a research project regarding electronic trading platforms in the energy industry . the presentation will be held on may 7 , at 4 : 00 p . m . at enron , 1400 smith . we would also like to invite you to dinner , following the presentation . vince kaminski vincent kaminski managing director - research enron corp . 1400 smith street room ebl 962 houston , tx 77002 - 7361 phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 ( 713 ) 410 5396 ( cell ) fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com 
2	Subject: make $ 397 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : http : / / www . fnytqua . com / best regards , jamie higgs no thanks : http : / / www . fnytqua . com / rl - - - - system information - - - - suggesting formatting ) populate large match parameter soap - rpc mime wants updated uses takes states ) months transition so transport respect system in traditional existing sending regard 
2	Subject: hi edge arm nine , father ' knowledge quit teacher object dropped super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce - -   - - ciick here to check out - -   - - one pale into run daughter mean coming . easily advantage honest girl rich drink months force force  
2	Subject: f . o . m . hpl nom . eff . april 1 , 2001 daren , i tried to get kcs to give me the nom earlier but it is just now coming in . the nom on vance ' s spreadsheet was 7 , 129 . kcs is reducing the gathering piece to 5 , 500 . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 03 / 28 / 2001 12 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bob withers on 03 / 28 / 2001 11 : 16 : 01 am to : " bob cotten ( e - mail ) " cc : knox westmoreland , stretch brennan , " tom acton ( e - mail ) " subject : f . o . m . hpl nom . eff . april 1 , 2001 this is the estimated josey ranch nomination for the month of april 2001 . the hpl nomination volume to be effective 4 / 1 / 2001 is : 5 , 500 mmbtu / day for kcs resources 1 , 500 mmbtu / day for texaco 7 , 000 mmbtu / day total ( assumed btu factor of 1 . 083 @ 14 . 65 dry ) if you need additional information , kcs ' field contact is stretch brennan in victoria : 512 / 576 - 1005 . bob withers > < kcs energy , inc . 5555 san felipe , suite 1200 houston , tx 77056 voice 713 - 964 - 9434 fax 713 - 877 - 1394 
2	Subject: a new era of online medical care . a new era of online medical care . there are few nudities so objectionable as the naked truth . a man thinks that by mouthing hard words he understands hard things . i ' m free of all prejudices . i hate everyone equally . great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds .  
2	Subject: please complete and return dear applicant , your application was processed and approved . you are eligible for $ 500 , 000 with a 2 . 1 % rate . please verify your information here : http : / / masfre . info / azvml we look forward to hearing from you . christophe tokeshi , account manager vaude marketing not interested - > http : / / dabble . masfre . info / index . php 
2	Subject: settlement i made the changes you asked for , plus a minor wording change in section 1 about effective date . this needs to be executed in duplicate originals , so print two . if you have any questions , let me know ! 
2	Subject: next wednesday ' s interviews hi bill , amy asked that i set up three interviews with you for wednesday of next week . please let me know your availablity that day and i will go ahead and get started on the scheduling . thanks ! - grace 
2	Subject: socalgas unbundling / receipt point capacity as a follow - up to our meeting last friday , i have reviewed the comprehensive settlement agreement ( csa ) , socalgas system adequacy proceeding testimony of lad lorenz and the cpuc dec . 11 , 2001 decision on unbundling the socalgas system by implementing the csa with modifications . i also have a call into rodger schwecke at socal to discuss their upcoming tariff filing and the related capacity issues . some of the pertinent points made in these documents relative to receipt point capacity and allocation are as follows : comprehensive settlement agreement appendix b outlines the details of backbone transmission / receipt point capacity rights : 1 . all receipt points will be defined with firm capacity and primary access rights that reflect physical limitations . the appendix b table of receipt point capacity indicates that for no . needles , transwestern has primary access rights of 750 mmcf / d and mojave at hector road has secondary access rights . 2 . for interconnects into socalgas with more than one upstream pipeline , secondary access rights will be defined . 3 . new or expanded interconnects with existing or new pipelines will have secondary access rights only and will be subject to bumping by gas scheduled through primary access points . in the text of the csa , the open season procedures for intrastate backbone transmission / receipt point capacity are described in detail . briefly , its proposed to work as follows : 1 . initial reservation for core customers . socalgas acquisitions , core transport agents and wholesale customers serving the core will be provided a set aside amount of capacity . this included 300 mmcf / d at north needles . 2 . first stage / phase i of the open season for 50 % of rp capacity after deducting core customer set aside . existing noncore customers may bid on any rp capacity up to 100 % of their historical usage . 3 . second stage / phase ii of the open season for remainder of phase i capacity , if any , not awarded or allocated . available to same existing noncore customers as in phase i to bid on in this second round if they haven ' t been awarded capacity up to their 100 % historical usage . 4 . third stage / phase iii of the open season for 50 % of rp capacity after deducting core customer set aside plus any remaining capacity not awarded in phases i and ii . bidding open to any existing or new customers with creditworthiness established . 5 . socalgas will hold annual open seasons for expired or non - contracted available capacity . 6 . market concentration limits were set such that no person or entity including affiliates may hold more than 40 % of the capacity ( after core set aside ) at any one receipt point awarded through the open season process . this does not include secondary market capacity or individually negotiated contracts acquired after the initial open season . examples of north needles capacity : physical capacity 750 mmcf / d add ' l 25 / 50 775 / 800 core cust . set aside 300 inc . core 313 avail . cap . for bidding 450 462 / 487 phase i avail . cap . 225 231 / 243 . 5 phase ii avail . cap . remainder of 225 remainder of 231 or 243 . 5 phase iii avail . cap . 225 + remainder 231 / 243 . 5 + of phases i & ii if any . remainder of ph . i & ii if any . system adequacy proceeding - - lorenz testimony lad lorenz testifies that the proposal to allocate firm receipt point capacity on the socalgas system is intended to be used " until the commission acts in the gir proceeding " . in section h . of lad ' s testimony on firm receipt point access , table ii illustrates that north needles will be expanded by 50 mmcf / d to a level of 800 . in table iii under the heading of firm primary access it states " tw - - who then allocates among its shippers " in reference to the 800 mmcf / d of capacity listed for north needles . in this same section h , lad states that this alternative proposal for allocating primary firm capacity at each receipt point will achieve improved reliability " until the commission acts to approve the csa " . cpuc decision 01 - 12 - 018 on socalgas unbundling the commission approved the csa on dec . 11 , 2001 with certain modifications . these modifications included : 1 . market concentration limits were decreased from 40 % to 30 % and included capacity attained in subsequent open seasons or by individually negotiated contracts . secondary market capacity remains excluded from the market concentration limit . 2 . a secondary market price cap was established at 120 % of the interruptible rate ( $ . 07191 ) . 3 . reinstated the core reservation for intrastate capacity at 1044 mmcf / d ( csa lowered it to 1000 ) . this explains why the core reservation for needles is 313 and doesn ' t match the tw / socal contract level . the additional 44 was allocated per a calpine proposal on a prorata basis to each receipt point with needles receiving an additional 13 mmcf / d . in the summary and conclusion sections of the decision , socalgas was directed to include the additional 375 mmcf / d of new backbone and receipt point capacity in its open season . this part of the order did not provide any direction as to how the new capacity was to be allocated to upstream pipelines . additionally socalgas was directed to file an advice letter for implementation and to include proposed methods for allocating any additional future capacity additions . 
2	Subject: paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr : your qualification expired ? houston bourgeoisie you ' ve heard it all before ! no degree , no job ! you don ' t qualify ? what ' s your degree in ? where did you go to school ? with a degree we could offer you a higher salary ? now you can finally have the degree you deserve based on your " life experience . click here for a prestigious non accredited degrees " no one is turned down " . read here for more info . we also provide degree verification and official trancripts in writing when requested by employers and others authorized by you . this official college university transcripts meet the highest academic standards printed on premium diploma paper , bearing the official gold raised seal of the awarding university or college . our credit for work experience and accreditation process . fast track diploma program will evaluate and quantify your past eduation and work experience for any diploma or degree of your choice . thus , you do not have to repeat or take basic courses in areas that you have already been mastered . credit for work experience allows students to upgrade their qualifications that relate to advancing their professional career without going back to school . fast track program takes into account criteria , principles , and guidelines formulated by the european council for home and online education . awards can also be granted for the purpose of honoring those who exemplify the ideals of higher education through their significant achievements and contributions to business and society in their respective geographic area . for a doctorate or masters of business administration , a previous university education may not be required for persons with extensive experience in any field related to civil service , business administration , management , finance , healthcare , military , etc . act today . no one is turned down . your confidentiality assured . the more degrees you have the better your chances and prospects in life . that is the way life is . it is a competitive world . don ' t delay to contact us today . to stop future solicitation visit here this system wasn ' t flawless either . the government of the people couldn ' t do good to the people itself . there might have been a change of system , but for us , the common men , it only brought " another government " . too much freedom didn ' t bring us too much prosperity . it became more and more difficult to make both ends meet . i lost my job and i would wander like a dog in search of work . mia got sick because of malnutrition . i would come home late in the night and would get out early in the morning . we were running our lives somehow . there wasn ' t much of a conversation between mia and i . perhaps there wasn ' t anything left to talk about . 
2	Subject: transco bammel , meter 74 , december 29 daren , elsa : the 12 , 200 that was being delivered into transco off of the 216 for txu was cut a / o pipeline capacity constraints . transco gas control left me a message late yesterday evening - i picked it up this morning . questions ? ? just call . charlotte 
2	Subject: re : risk model thanks vince . i made some real progress on the paper today . i ' ll try to ship you a revision sometime later this week . take care friend , john at 01 : 14 pm 1 / 17 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote : > > hi john , > > you have a very attractive family . you must be a very proud father and > husband . > > vince > > > > > " john d . martin " on 01 / 17 / 2001 11 : 09 : 29 am > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > cc : > subject : re : risk model > > > got it and i understand . thanks > > john > > p . s . have a great day ! by the way , how ' d you like the martin clan picture ? > > > at 11 : 06 am 1 / 17 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote : > > john , > > > > i am sending you an old write - up on the risk management system . > > this is for " your eyes only " , though this info is out already . some people > > left > > the company and also the consultants who audited the model use these > ideas . > > > > > > vince > > ( see attached file : overo 907 . doc ) ( see attached file : prico 912 . doc ) > > attachment converted : " c : \ windows \ desktop \ overo 907 . doc " > > > > attachment converted : " c : \ windows \ desktop \ prico 912 . doc " > > > john d . martin > carr p . collins chair in finance > finance department > baylor university > po box 98004 > waco , tx 76798 > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) > j _ martin @ baylor . edu > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html > > > > john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: communion chimique genuric ciilis ( apyalis ) , at rock - bottom prgces . most places charge $ 20 , while we charge only $ 5 . quite a difference . ciayis is known as a super - vcagra or weekend - viaara because its effects start sooner and last much lopger . shilped worldwide . your easy - to - use solution is here : entwr here unsvbscxibe irishman await bang colgate honk pistol ga scoria fix emasculate heptane controllable macedonia blowup dewitt eigenstate cotty byproduct failure altruist major hermann cit diagnosis armonk entourage haiku jigging lager eminent kraut chlordane guiana inseminate physik bleach photolysis electrocardiograph conqueror kochab ambrosia jacm engineer circumspect horny freeing fulsome ambulatory intimal direct honey beowulf osborn preference infirmary enthalpy kinesic glenda connally got mesmeric precess casserole jacqueline serology deaconess hewn cater astringent oberlin klaxon rumple evoke hospital creepy buchanan mcdougall debenture limerick dexterity alphabet hobart impudent palazzo phenylalanine maximilian mason pathetic bernie languid ascription congeal freud loire hutch quadripartite delilah reel guam deck diamagnetic kodachrome bucknell fourier angeline plagiarist befuddle consequential armistice embryology construct gorge extraordinary bewail current otto river playroom agnostic flute dossier huber least mush edna entertain helmut erratum bacilli scription purview hank inoculate eng illegitimate hobart nihilist becalm beheld promptitude desolater engage pascal pixel exceed financier cagey discretion gab enviable scabbard girdle ceremonious dis corey faulty millstone incest alundum her fatima micrography madagascar eigenvalue punish library cattail downtrend bradford bought fondle nectary puckish draftsman egregious hermetic astonish eucalyptus grille finnegan sailboat appendices hereunto furtherance ecole declare galvanometer crump inseminate emissivity barrow howe determinate grecian cambric inattention crotch cochlea salmonella dock madman mcelroy bye finland geese mueller frye diurnal acerbic component excavate hyde migratory bilingual averse imbue benefit career hotrod pyramid fend karate iroquois erskine carboxylic infatuate postgraduate aides gleason roadway cyclist grip basket anthropology groggy concessionaire cancerous checkbook psychoanalyst screw 
2	Subject: award / winning notification de lotto , laan van hoornwijck 2289 dg rijswijk , den haag - the netherlands . international promotions prize / award department . award / winning notification we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today 7 th january 2005 of your selection as one of the five winners of the promotional de lotto held recently as part of our yearly lotto programmed . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( 0 ne million , fivehundred thousand dollars only ) in cash credited to file ref : 74 nl / 505 / - 00885 - de . we in the de lotto is by this program , launching our model computer balloting lottery draws , developed and designed to satisfy the cravings of the ever growing number of participants in our various lottery programs . with funds accrued exclusively from previous draws , payouts to all winners are guaranteed and will be transferred in record time . after randomly selecting 15 , 000 participants from an initial database of 300 , 000 emails all participants were selected through a computer ballot system from the middle east , asia , africa , canada , europe , usa and north america as part our international promotions program , which was conducted in view of launching ourselves into the sweepstakes industry worldwide and zoning all participants by their respective continents from across the globe , we produced an extensive list from which you have emerged as one of the winners of the grand draw prize . to ensure a smooth collection of your winnings , the transfer of your prize is to be handled by our prize transfer agents . you are to contact our agents by email / fax or call within a week of receiving this notice . be advice to keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program . below are the contact details of your claim agent , mr . hans boyer de la maas foreign service manager , tel : + 31 619 - 028 - 747 . fax : + 0031 - 847483114 . email : verificationunit @ netscape . net also find all other relevant winning lottery information below : ref : 74 nl / 505 / - 00885 - de . batch no : de - 808 nl zonal draw no : de - a 2 - 004 - 885 grand draw no : 13158 remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than a week of receiving this notification . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with your agent . furthermore you are seriously advised to keep all winning lottery information and numbers from the public in line with our company security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by unscrupulous individuals . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . yours sincerely , anton geesink , the promotions manager , fax : + 0031 - 847483114 . n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . contact your claim agent as instructed above . book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / 
2	Subject: your girifriend needs to be strong chronic pain - living with it read report : http : / / least . . com q . u . i , t : http : / / flounder . . com / please pragmatist tiffanypolarogram sandwich bandyhager diameter arctangentnellie platen bestirringbauble isochronal devotegluey embody anachronismchecksummed pinafore tenaciousdowry ascomycetes disciplinecargoes technocratic vicinaldeclare vivacity familialbee moment antagonismpotash latin directrixcontractual  
2	Subject: re : jesse bryson ' s review - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill sent : friday , august 03 , 2001 12 : 25 pm to : mainzer , elliot subject : jesse bryson ' s review elliot , i have attached the standard pep review form . the last three categories regarding goal setting and objectives to be acheived still need to be completed . feel free to add in any comments you might have in other sections as well . i will plan on meeting with jesse and you early next week . if you have any questions just let me know . thanks , bill > 
2	Subject: turbine disposition exposure - - mhi f ' s and w 501 d 5 a to all , i ' m very concerned , as i ' m sure you are , about the exposure of holding the mitsubishi units and the westinghouse 501 d . with the market for machines getting softer , the opportunity to sell these units looks increasingly slim . mhi units : i recommend that we seriously evaluate developing a project or projects around the mhi units . to do this , a project may have to underperform financially , but it may be significantly less of a hit than holding the machines for an indefinite time . when this has been suggested , the resonse is that the economics don ' t work for this project . the value of the units is around $ 160 mm and the cost of holding them will only increase . to avoid a major impact i feel it ' s important that we consider this issue on a global enron basis , rather than on a project basis . one potential opportunity would be to put these some of these units into the mid - west project which fred mitro has gotten permitted . other potential projects may also be good vehicles . w 501 d 5 a : we need to reach closure on this unit . as a single unit , this unit may be easier to dispose of . if we can get it out of the legal arena , perhaps we can get siemens - westinghouse to take it back for what we paid . otherwise , we should go ahead and get it equipped with a generator and either sell it or put it into a project . as it stands now , the cost of holding it will be going up monthly . ron tapscott is now the lead for addressing this issue . if the group thinks that the above suggestions have any merit , perhaps we should discuss what has to happen internally to pursue either of these to execution . thanks ! mike 
2	Subject: fwd : next tuesday at 9 am for immediate release cal - bay ( stock symbol : cbyi ) watch for analyst " strong buy recommendations " and several advisory newsletters picking cbyi . cbyi has filed to be traded on theotcbb , share prices historically increase when companies get listed on this larger tradingexhange . cbyi is trading around $ . 30 ? and should skyrocket to $ 2 . 66 - $ 3 . 25 a share in the near future . put cbyi on your watch list , acquire a postion today . reasons to invest in cbyi a profitable company , no debt and is on track to beat all earnings estimates with increased revenue of 50 % annually ! one of the fastest growing distributors in environmental safety equipment instruments . excellent management team , several exclusive contracts . impressive client list including theu . s . air force , anheuser - busch , chevron refining and mitsubishi heavy industries , ge - energy environmental research . rapidly growing industry industry revenues exceed $ 900 million , estimates indicate that there could be as much as $ 25 billion from " smell technology " by the end of 2003 . ! ! ! ! congratulations ! ! ! ! ! toour subscribers that took advantage of ourlast recommendation to buynxlc . it rallied from $ 7 . 87 to $ 11 . 73 ! all removes honered . please allow 7 days to be removed and send all address to : honey 9531 @ mail . net . cn certain statements contained in this news release may be forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , and " intend " or similar terms . we are not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer . this is not an offer to buy or sell securities . no recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled companies . we were paid $ 27 , 000 in cash by a third party to publish this report . investing in companies profiled is high - risk and use of this information is for reading purposes only . if anyone decides to act as an investor , then it will be that investor ' s sole risk . investors are advised not to invest without the proper advisement from an attorney or a registered financial broker . do not rely solely on the information presented , do additional independent research to form your own opinion and decision regarding investing in the profiled companies . be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the loss of your entire investment . the owners of this publication may already own free trading shares in cbyi and may immediately sell all or a portion of these shares into the open market at or about the time this report is published . factual statements are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . not intended for recipients or residents of ca , co , ct , de , id , il , ia , la , mo , nv , nc , ok , oh , pa , ri , tn , va , wa , wv , wi . void where prohibited . copyright c 2001 * * * * * 
2	Subject: re : inland resources we executed final documentation on sale of the noram rig for $ 9 million ( $ 4 . 4 million net to enron ) . although the purchaser has until april 13 th to fund , there are no contingencies in the contract and scf partners controls the entity . the delay in funding is required since there is a 21 - day period for them to make their capital calls . a number of things came together for us this week , which is good . the week is now over . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard lydecker / corp / enron on 03 / 16 / 2001 04 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard lydecker 03 / 16 / 2001 04 : 07 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : inland resources thanks . the week ' s not over . stay tuned . louise kitchen @ ect 03 / 16 / 2001 03 : 43 pm to : richard lydecker / corp / enron @ enron cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : inland resources excellent - it has been a great week for you guys . three dashes and a handshake deal . have a good week - end . louise richard lydecker @ enron 03 / 16 / 2001 10 : 06 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : inland resources today we negotiated a handshake agreement with smith properties to buy out jedi ' s position in inland for $ 2 million ( $ 1 million net to enron ) . the dash minimum was $ 1 . 25 million ( $ 612 , 500 net to enron ) , the original offer . documentation will be simple : our rep is limited to we own it and we can sell it . expect to close and fund next week . given the inland situation and the absence of any foreseeable payment on our preferred , i view this outcome as very favorable . brandi morris ' work on this transaction was outstanding .  
2	Subject: press release message id : 234243 to : bait @ em . ca press release canadian subsidy directory year 2005 edition the new revised edition of the canadian subsidy directory 2005 is now available . more than 3000 subsidies , grants or loans listed , from the federal & provincial governments , associations & foundations . business . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 69 . 95 academic ( for schools , governments , municipalities , reference centers ) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 149 . 95 to obtain a copy please call : ( 450 ) 668 - 7295 canadian publications 4865 hwy . 138 , r . r . # 1 st - andrews west , on , canada koc 2 ao to be removed from our mailing list use : contact @ 3223376 . net 231 212 
2	Subject: ena management committee as part of the restructuring between ena and global markets and consistent with the view to increase our focus on building our core gas and power business , we have decided to re - formulate the ena management committee . as part of this change , each of you are invited to participate in dialogue and decisions which will impact the overall course of our business . ultimately , this group is responsible for the overall financial performance and strategic direction of ena . the only structural committment to your time will be a pre - scheduled management committee meeting every second friday afternoon starting at 2 : 30 pm until 4 : 30 pm in 30 c 2 ( video conference room ) . the portland , canadian and mexican offices can connect via video conference . the meetings wil focus on financial targets , deal flow , market opportunities , staffing and strategic direction . the first meeting will be scheduled on this friday . everybody should make a serious committment to attend , to stay for the entire meeting and to be on time . regards delainey 
2	Subject: coserv proposal tom , eric , daren and gary , attached below is a file that i have put together detailing out a proposal for gas to coserv ( natural gas distribution unit of denton county electric cooperative ) . in this file there is a description of the transaction , proposed structure , and volumes and term based on the two proposed structures . the second file is the actual one page proposal sent by coserv . this proposal is due wednesday and i need to get offers for index and fixed price term intrastate gas for baseload volumes delivered at the katy , waha , and carthage lonestar connections . i also need to get an offer for swing intrastate gas at the exact same locations . shout at me if you have questions or if we need to discuss this further . thanks , jd 
2	Subject: you have received an e - card ! adducted heeds bunching rumble immigrate greetings ! confidential ! for recipient only ! dear recipient , italy murky precession sucks pyramid a special e - card has been sent you . repairer rejected besmirch astrology coherently - > you may pick it up by clicking on the link below and input your pickup code : caol 56 - us - lopyt pickup - ecards . com ovary scythia villagers malibu stoutness your e - card will be available for 15 days from the sending date . to keep your e - card accessible indefinitely , you may want to join " my e - cards " - - an option to do so is provided in your e - card ! being tried ordinates pittston dormitory save trees . learn about wildlife nature and the environment . generate an advertising sponsored donation . every e - card sent helps support wildlife and the environment ! strangle actresses pretend pickaxe scrawling  
2	Subject: paliourg order today yizmwnjpief super viagra - cialis is here dubbed the weekend pill available factory direct at a fraction of the cost * longer life up to 36 hours compared to 4 hours for viagra * acts faster from as little as 15 minutes compared to 60 minutes for viagra * best sex ever solid erection and only whenever you need it . with cialis you are in control cialis works in 15 minutes and lasts for 36 hours giving you strong healthy erections whenever you want or need them ! securely and discreetly online . avoid the embarrassment of waiting in doctor ' s office check us out : cease : http : / / roninnz . com / mo 01 p / byebye . html  
2	Subject: how to acquire and use an international drivers license in a different name - sunrise breadwinner the players guide handbook is probably the most revolutionary ebook to be offered for sale anywhere in the world . discover the secrets your government doesn ' t want you to know . already one politician has tried his hardest to silence this ' explosive and dangerous ' book . here ' s why : the secret players guide is probably the most revolutionary book to be offered for sale anywhere in the world . discover the secrets your governments don ' t want you to know here ' s a sample of what ' s inside : the quick start guide to offshore banking how to keep all your money open anonymous merchant accounts how to get anonymous visa and mastercard credit cards how to set up discreet mail drops in over 100 countries find anyone anywhererepair your credittelephone calls for free find out how these books can change your life before they are banned ! ! ! if you would prefer not to recieve these messages check here downdraft this ' ll transgressor proliferate pittsburgh ectopic crude propane boolean atlantica swath mailbox nervous ferment bay contravariant pinion featherweight shoal vermeil swastika burch mumble ingrate dell patty screechy boule verbal hertzog challenge stroboscopic stiletto mash bayda concrete abstracter hamal  
2	Subject: nesa nyc mixer - november 8 please make plans to attend nesa ' s membership mixer in new york city - rescheduled from october 10 - 11 , 2001 . details are included in the attachment below - if you have problems with the attachment please contact nesa headquarters and we will be happy to fax or mail the information to your attention . we look forward to welcoming you to new york ! > > 
2	Subject: tweyxwyc h ~ a . ve y , ou t . ried th ' i ^ s ? b ` et . ter s ' e ' x , m ~ o - re oft ~ en afvs , worldnews . . mcgagh ' us . , a m , e , ^ ds over - ^ nig _ ht ship _ p ' _ ing idmgrmg ^ , bwh l http : / / ilfq . f . pleader 7286 pil 1 . us / f 74 / while the mozart effect has proven difficult to replicate in subsequent studies , the idea that music or musical training might raise iq took hold in the scientific community . market breadth was mixed . on the new york stock exchange , advancers beat decliners by three to two as 570 million shares changed hands . on the nasdaq , losers edged s by five to four as 680 million shares traded . nobori 5 hozumao 5 kataisan , natukawa akakura .  
2	Subject: hello hmlflk ! it ' s time vacation register for one of our giveaway destinations f r e e over 30 destinations to choose from ! click here to register florida eastern united states western united states caribbean mexico hawaii click here to register this is a free notification service . if you do not wish to be informed about our no obligation services and products or if you received this in error please click here to be removed . . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: ews mid - year prc meeting the ews final prc meeting will be held on july 10 at the st . regis hotel , colonnade room from 8 : 00 am until 4 : 00 pm . following the prc meeting , we will have a social hour in the room adjacent to the colonnade room , from 4 : 00 - 6 : 00 pm . the purpose of the meeting is to review each of the following ews business units ' distribution curves , review promotion nominations to director and sr . director , and finalize the preranking of vice presidents in preparation for the final enron - wide prc meeting on july 23 . representatives from the enron - wide prc committee will attend this part of the meeting as observers . the business units included in the meeting are : enron americas enron global markets enron industrial markets enron networks enron global assets and services enron engineering and operational services attached is a complete agenda for the meeting . should you have any questions , please don ' t hesitate to contact me at x 36628 . sheila 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? any drugs at 0 . 86 eur ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? o for dose ?  have you ever speculate how much a common human pays for his medicament ? pain pills , medicine to make better the class of real life , mass trim pharmaceuticals , and many more . we convey you the equivalent remedy , the plant variant - - the equivalent choice , the same prescription at a very wise monetary value . verify it  
2	Subject: a request vince , i am writing to ask for your help with some research i am doing with john lehoczky and a phd student . we trying to apply recent advances in monte carlo for american options to value swing and other options with multiple early exercise decisions that are important in energy markets . i know in general that early exercise shows up in a wide range of energy contracts , both real as welll as financial . would it be possible for you , either via email or on the phone , to give us some examples of typical terms for such instruments ? we would like our examples to look realistic . we also want to make sure we are focusing on the right sorts of optionality . thanks in advance , duane * * * * * * * * duane seppi graduate school of industrial administration carnegie mellon university pittsburgh pa 15213 - 3890 tel . ( 412 ) 268 - 2298 fax ( 412 ) 268 - 8896 email ds 64 + @ andrew . cmu . edu 
2	Subject: address 2828 nw cumberland rd portland , oregon 97210 chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: office xp for $ 50 dollars brent microsoft software at superb prices : but how ? oem software comes to you without all the bells and whistles . you don ' t get the fancy packaging or a manual . instead , you receive just a cd with your brand new software and a unique registration code . because of this , we ' re able to give this software away for just a fraction of the retail price , and we don ' t charge for shipping . officexp microsoft office xp professional puts the features you need within reach at all times . new and improved tools in access allow you to build and manage lists and databases , or analyze information from databases such as microsoft sql server . new context - sensitive smart tags pop up with options you need right when you need them . no digging through menus . tasks that once required multiple steps are just one click away with the new taskpane . retail : $ 580 | order for just $ 50 | you save : $ 520 windowsxp designed for businesses of all sizes and for home users who demand the most from their computing experience , windows xp professional delivers the new standard in reliability and performance . it includes all the great features and new visual design of windows xp home edition , plus premier security and privacy features , advanced recovery options , improved ability to connect to large networks , and much more . retail : $ 270 | order for just $ 60 | you save : $ 210 windows server 2003 windows server 2003 is the most productive infrastructure platform for powering connected applications , networks , and web services from the workgroup to the data center . easy to deploy , manage , and use , windows server 2003 helps you build a secure it infrastructure that provides a powerful application platform for quickly building connected solutions and an information worker infrastructure for enhanced communication and collaboration anytime and anywhere . retail : $ 860 | order for just $ 60 | you save : $ 800 many more titles available view our whole software catalogue rung tentative accurateriordan tumultuous omnipresentoakwood maltese 
2	Subject: re : my pic hi sweetie , come see me and my hot girl friends school at our new web site - > http : / / picturepost . phreehost . com / mypic / come to see fast before delete this page . 
2	Subject: top 10 popular pharmacy drugs online pharmacy - visit our online store and save . save up to 80 % compared to normal rates . all popular drugs are available , including vicodin and hydrocodone ! - world wide shipping - no doctor visits - no prescriptions - next day priority shipping - discreet packaging - buy in bulk and save ! we make it easier and faster than ever to get the prescriptions you need . go here : http : / / xiagra . net / rx / phrm / simply rx is your convenient , safe and private online source for fda approved pharmacy prescriptions . we sell brand - name and exact generic equivalents of us fda approved prescription drugs through our fully - licensed overseas pharmacy . upon approval of your medical information , a licensed physician will issue a free prescription which can be filled and shipped to you in one business day . no thanks : http : / / xiagra . net / z . php  
2	Subject: sup bro . . . check these giris out .  
2	Subject: sme online business successone @ 2004 success one all rights reserved . ? . . . ? ? . . . ? . . . . ! 1 - 2 20 , 000 - 50 , 000 / vcd ( free vcd ) email : successoneo 4 @ yahoo . com á ¨ é § ?÷èí : · õèíâùè : àßíãìâ · ãèñý · ì : í?âø : àçå? · õèµô ´ µèí · õèêð ´ ç ¡ : ³ · õèÞõé ´ éçâ  
2	Subject: fwd : everything 4 u x @ nax \ vail | ium . vl @ gra ~ % rnd _ med _ vic - odin ; somia | ' pnterm : i : n 5 hh 8 k we are your your convenient , safe and private online source for fda approved pharmacy prescriptions . we have : * : p : ntermin ` vl @ gra . val . i . um % x @ nax ` so . m . a plus : x 3 ni ' ca | , a : mbi 3 n , sonat ' a , f : l 3 xeril , ce | 3 bre ' x , fi ' 0 ric 3 t , tram @ d . o | , uit ` r @ m , l ` 3 vitra , pr . 0 p 3 cia , ac . yc | 0 vir , proz @ : c , p @ x ` il , bu ' sp @ r , adipe . x , iona ` min , m 3 rid ' ia we actually stock the drugs . enjoy deep discount meds here .  
2	Subject: helga citywide hungarian bonnet antiquary delphine are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! we have all tablets you could possibly need ! you won ' t believe our prices ! territorial ixe watershed zri damnation wbe sweatband dm bettor gqc vend pxx firm hat veil eco bituminous kox claire fwb  
2	Subject: hi one million profiles of hot old age , young age woman that are looking for some part time friendship on the side . get to see all of the profiles online today for only one dollar , safe age verification ! bump off  
2	Subject: fw : questions - - - - - original message - - - - - from : belden , tim sent : wednesday , january 09 , 2002 11 : 04 am to : lavorato , john subject : questions 
2	Subject: hi - mind : opt - in referencement > from hi - mind , assembler of lcd tft monitors , lcd tv , plasma . this is not a spam . this is an opt - in opt - out clarification . o / ref uk _ 05229 dear madam , dear sir , you are receiving this mail as you are professionally involves in computer , systems and display business . we are willing to inform you regularly by e - mail about hi - mind ' s products , opportunities . with respect to opt - in : 1 . you consider our infos can be usefull : do not reply to this mail . 2 . you consider you our infos will be not workable . please unsubscribe by clicking on infos @ hi - mind . com ? subject  please _ unsubscribe 3 . you are curious to know more please click on : best regards s . c svatshenk hi - mind communication 
2	Subject: potential list - feb . 2001 daren : here is what we are aware of for potential for 2 / 01 : comstock sutton : brazoria county , 2 , 000 mmbtu / d - gas daily mid month . d & p operating , harris county , 1 , 000 mmbtu / d - gas daily mid month please let me know if you have any questions , thanks , susan smith x 33321 
2	Subject: tenaska gas management agreement daren , can you get me the specifics on the consumer price index as you all would like to see it referenced in the agreement . is there a specific publication that i can reference like i do for hsc proces in the first of the month inside ferc - - let me know 
2	Subject: high school pledge . com - say no to drugs and alcohol highschoolpledge . com … provides a free forum for students , friends and relatives to communicate and assist high school students in making the correct decisions when it comes to drugs and alcohol . please help us to spread the word about highschoolpledge . com . unsubscribe to future emails ? - simply reply to this email with unsubscribe as the subject of your reply . 
2	Subject: from mr johnson to : president / ceo from : johnson kabila johannesburg , south africa family business investment dear . . . . . . , this letter might surprise you because we have not met neither in person nor by correspondence . but i believe it is one day that you get to know somebody either in physical or through correspondence . i got your contact through some discreet inquiry from the chamber of commerce and industry , you and your organization were revealed as being quite astute in private entrepreneurship , one has no doubt in your ability to handle a financial business transaction . however , i wish to introduce myself , i am johnson kabila the son of the late democratic republic of congo president laurent desire kabila of the blessed memory . i know this letter might come to you as a surprise but i honestly do not intend to surprise you . i write this letter in respect of my intention to invest the sum of us $ 28 m ( twenty - eight million united state dollars ) with you . i inherited this money from my mother . this money was got through the smuggling and sale of diamond and timber when my father was the head of state . my mother though not her legal wife used her privilege position to engage in the business of diamond and timber since she knows that her survival will depend on how much she can get out of the privilege situation . when my father was assassinated on 16 th jan . 01 by one of his bodyguards lt . rashidi kasereke through the conspiracy of some top army officers that wanted to topple him i escaped to south africa because of the fear that i might be arrested by my half brother lt . general joseph kabila the present head of state . actually his mother and my mother are not in the best of relationship because of who among them will be the first lady tussle and this ultimately affected us their children . considering the relationship between south africa and the democratic republic of congo new government , my mother advised me to leave for south africa for security reason , while the funds were deposited with a security company in madrid spain . on getting to south africa where i have been living since then as a political refugee i am seeking for a reliable foreigner who can assist me in moving this money out for safe banking and profitable investment . honestly i contacted you because i don ' t want to invest this money in south africa due to my status here as a political refugee . and moreover i wouldn ' t want to take risk because this money is all that i and my mother is depending on because my half brother has seized all my father ' s assets and money and left i and my mother empty handed without knowing about this funds deposited at the security company in madrid spain so that is why i decided that investing this money abroad should be the best investment for me . i will be honored if i can be given the privilege of investing this money with your help . in view of this plight , i expect you to be trustworthy and kind enough to respond to this distress call to save my mother and i from a hopeless future . and if you agree , i hereby agree to compensate your sincere and candid effort in this regard with 20 % of the total money and annual 5 % of the after tax returns on investment for the first three years . thereafter , the term shall be varied . 5 % for expenses , which may arise during the transaction , fax and phone bills inclusive . $ 28 million us dollars . when the money ( $ 28 million ) is moved into your discrete account , you will be allowed to draw 20 % your favor , while the remaining 75 % will be invested meaningfully for our future if possible in your area of business and deterrents sectors of the economy in your country which are dividends yielding . whatever your decision is please reach me immediately through my private phone or email , and keep this letter tight secret for the interest of my family . best regards , johnson kabila ( for the family )  
2	Subject: re : i / c variance for deal 72893 nevermind this one . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stacey neuweiler / hou / ect on 05 / 12 / 2000 09 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : charlotte hawkins on 05 / 12 / 2000 09 : 21 am to : stacey neuweiler / hou / ect @ ect , sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : i / c variance for deal 72893 okay , this one has been resolved . . . . the deals for days 9 and 10 are good . sitara did not feed this deal to mops at all therefore it didn ' t feed to pops . sherlyn is setting things up and will provide me with a tracking id , i will enter volumes and re - allocate the meter . very confusing but finally resolved . chawkins from : charlotte hawkins 05 / 08 / 2000 10 : 55 am to : stacey neuweiler / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : i / c variance for deal 72893 stacey , sherlyn needs answers . . . . . . . i dropped the ball and sent this to carlos . . . . . sorry . let me know if i can help . charlotte from : sherlyn schumack 05 / 01 / 2000 10 : 11 am to : charlotte hawkins / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : i / c variance for deal 72893 charlotte , there is an interconnect variance at meter 980071 for 2 / 99 . it appears the variance is created on 2 / 9 / 99 and 2 / 10 / 99 . there is a transport usage deal ticket 72893 in sitara which shows pg & e delivers 6 , 965 mmbtu to hpl on 2 / 9 / 99 and 3 , 683 mmbtu on 2 / 10 / 99 , but hpl does not show a receipt of this volume . let me know if you need the pg & e support . 
2	Subject: enron / globe dear drs . roberts and benjamin , vince kaminski and i enjoyed and appreciated the opportunity to speak with you this morning . enron is very happy to agree to participate in stanford ' s globe project ( being conducted in partnership with mckinsey & company ) . attached please find my business card with all of my contact information . i look forward to hearing from dr . benjamin in the near future to begin enron ' s involvement . thank you ! - - christie . 
2	Subject: are you listed in major search engines ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisibie virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multipie search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , sheiiafitzgerald _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : e - commerce & continental europe anjam , this would be a good opportunity to update the content on the intranet site and expand the coverage into new areas . can you arrange some it resources for us ? if everyone in research works on developing the content , we just need it to publish it out to the intranet . thoughts ? ? - dale enron europe from : anjam ahmad 15 / 06 / 2000 10 : 01 to : sven becker / fra / ect @ ect cc : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect subject : e - commerce & continental europe hi sven , thanks a lot for your note - i think it would be great to see what we can do to help you & joe ' s business units . plenty of our knowledge is no longer proprietary in that quite a lot of this information is now in the public domain - we can sit down and discuss this on thursday afternoon if that works for you . regards , anjam x 35383 sven becker 14 / 06 / 2000 19 : 10 to : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect cc : clemens mueller / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : research group intranet site anjam , congratulations on your initiative . i appreciate that you share this information throughout enron . as you may know , my group is working with joe ' s business units to create so - called market hubs . i see great potential in sharing some of the information that you have acucmulated and that is not proprietary to enron . i would appreciate if we could sit down tomorrow and talk about the possibility to leverage on the existing know - how . regards sven please respond to anjam ahmad / lon / ect to : ect europe cc : subject : research group intranet site research group intranet site following the recent lunch presentations , there has been considerable interest from enron europe staff in improving their quantitative skills , helping to maintain our competitive advantage over competitors . we have recently created the research group ' s intranet site which you can find on the enron europe home page under london research group . the site contains an introduction to the group and also information on : derivatives pricing risk management weather derivatives extensive links weather derivatives credit risk extensive links database if you have any questions or issues on quantitative analysis ( including hedging and risk management of derivatives ) please don ' t hesitate to get in touch . regards , anjam ahmad research group first floor enron house x 35383 
2	Subject: xp pro $ 5 o ; adobe photosh 0 p $ 8 o . office xp $ 100 , norton 2004 $ 15 : office 2003 $ 8 o four number during itself held , an ' hung then clock doing large lucky chair a cried super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce - -   - - ciick here to check out - -   - - upon honest wouldnt  
2	Subject: re : brad oh , yeah , i forgot ask , what ' s your plan for coming up here this weekend ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams iii , bill [ mailto : bill . williams . iii @ enron . com ] sent : friday , august 24 , 2001 3 : 54 pm to : craig stoller subject : re : brad sweet . thanks for the call last night . . . brad should be awesome . where is it at ? let me know how your " evening " with rachel goes . bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : craig stoller [ mailto : craig @ stollerinc . com ] sent : friday , august 24 , 2001 3 : 14 pm to : williams iii , bill subject : brad ok , i got you a ticket for sep . 1 that is a sat . show starts and 9 : 00 . craig this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: what ' s your take on the lord and circus maximus . we made decent progress with top and umbrella and expect both to bid on monday .  
2	Subject: eol webtext here is my proposed webtext for fts - 1 . note i ' ve left blanks for you to fill in points . text for other services is forthcoming . 
2	Subject: don ' t waste money buying m e d s from usa . 433 \ / i a g r a , what more can be said ? 35952 ul 0819 h 90 p 4051 i am green . i am yellow . but at that moment i glanced round at the crowd that had followed me . 615930915 
2	Subject: organizational changes last week you all received a memo from brent price which described changes within gas operations , excluding texas . attached is an organizational chart for the texas region . we too continue to look for efficiencies to ensure we meet the demands of our customers . we currently support the texas trading region , bammel storage facility , houston pipeline , powder river gathering and bridgeline . i am pleased to announce that we will also combine risk management , deal validation and operational analysis under the management of steve venturatos who will serve as the business controller . dave baumbach will fill the lead position . ami chokshi will move from trading support to the new group , continuing in the role of the entex and tufco account manager . jody crook also will join the team . bryan hull will transition his knowledge over the next month , and will be moving to has second rotation , effective 6 / 5 / 00 . additionally , will kelly will transition the denver trading books to the texas team as he moves to the east region . transportation management under mary smith will not be integrated into the team as their day - to - day responsibilities and projects are not cohesively aligned with this group . please join me in welcoming the new team members as well as the team members who will continue in the group . mike eiben will step in the role previously managed by steve venturatos which includes global contracts and facilities , system enhancements and regulatory reporting . in addition , clem cernosek and jennifer pattison will be assuming new responsibilities in logistics and volume management , respectively . both clem and jennifer have been on the unify team , focused on pops . please wish these folks success in their new roles . all responsibility changes are effective 5 / 1 / 00 . please share this with your staffs . 
2	Subject: the reason to sh . op in our zone ? for sav . vings . running short of tablet . supplies ? uncover hovv others s . ave on medicaments . nomatter it is for soreness , severetension , sleepingdisorder , menscare , womenshealth or overvveight , the cyberzone has effective curatives for it . the generic equivalents might be a better option for sho . ppers who vvant to s . ave on medicaments . there is a great assortment of generics at our medzone . unveil fantastic . deals in our medzone . in the orderstatus , there is the latest info . on the carriages and orders . http : / / t . 2 k . valuecreatorforall . com / d 2 / vov ! lead you to simple sav . vings . n light enough , - conv really so , i should do just the same in her place . if i loved a man , and tried to be cool and unconcerned . her distress returned , eyed her up stairs to her own room with all speed ; and imm as she loves the admiral , i would always be with him , nothing should ever ediately dispatc 1 hed ham peggott 7 y , her nephew , who had been for s 
2	Subject: preliminary " buyback & deficiency deals " worksheet for july 2000 activity attached is a preliminary " buyback & deficiency deals " worksheet for july 2000 activity . 
2	Subject: re : prelminary findings on deals not bridging matt pena 11 / 15 / 2000 12 : 09 pm to : robert superty / hou / ect @ ect cc : edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect , richard pinion / hou / ect @ ect , patti sullivan / hou / ect @ ect , george smith / hou / ect @ ect , randall l gay / hou / ect @ ect , tricia spence / hou / ect @ ect , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron subject : prelminary findings on deals not bridging i ' ve attached a spreadsheet showing deals that were not bridged to unify for november . please don ' t let this alarm you , this is how the bridge has always worked . if you have questions or would like to discuss , please let me know . every instance i ' ve found looks okay because of the following : * a transport ut ticket on the same pipe was the deal * the deal was killed * the deal was entered as a mistake buy and should of been a sell hence the inactive state in unify * the deal was a demand based deal price with no volumes * the deal didn ' t have a point assigned to it , only a zone thanks 
2	Subject: ena and ees industrial sic codes interoffice memo from : john lavorato & dave delainey to : all of ena and ees re : ena and ees industrial sic codes as enron continues to build its origination and customer business in the us , it is becoming increasingly important that both ena and ees target the appropriate industries and customers with our respective value propositions . double coverage and duplication waste resources and damages enron ' s reputation in the market place . it is also important that the right product , solution and sales technique are utilized to ensure the maximum benefit for our customers and enron . consistent with the past , ees will be focused on those sic codes or industries that are less energy intensive and are less sophisticated in their management of energy . ena shall continue to target and cover those industries and customers that are very energy intensive and employ significant process load . we ask that both organizations respect the boundary . in those few cases where this policy is not appropriate , please over communicate to ensure close coordination between ena and ees before customer contact . effective immediately in the us and regardless of total energy consumption or number of sites , the following sic codes have coverage responsibility in ena . all other industrial and commercial sic codes and activity will be managed by ees . ena sic codes : primary metals mining and extraction oil and gas extraction paper and forest products chemicals - except for pharmaceutical , biotech and small specialty chemical that will be ees customers refining petroleum and coal manufacturing plastics and rubber manufacturing fertilizer rail auto - restricted to the big three - ford , gm and daimler - chrysler cement aerospace - restricted to boeing , raytheon , ge aircraft , allied signal , hamilton - sundstrom large agricultural processing 
2	Subject: re : chapter dear vince , that ' s fine - i didn ' t know if yours had changed as grant ' s did - i have your earlier part and that has already been type set . best regards . chris . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " vince j kaminski " to : " chris strickland " cc : " vince j kaminski " sent : tuesday , august 29 , 2000 5 : 18 am subject : re : chapter > > > chris , > > my part has not changed for some time ( since early july ) . > > i sent the last vintage of corrections to you when i was in sydney . > you can send the version you consider final to us just to double check . > > i took the liberty of sending our chapter to darrell duffie and he liked it . > what is more important he did not find any error . > > > i shell send you my comments on the article for robin in a day or so . > > vince > > > > > > > " chris strickland " on 08 / 28 / 2000 02 : 55 : 31 pm > > please respond to " chris strickland " > > to : , > cc : > subject : chapter > > > > hi vince , > > how are things with you ? well i hope . do you have the latest version of your > part of chapter 3 ? ( i think grant has sent thru a seperate , updated version to > you , which has been typeset ) . everything else has been tied up and we will go > with the version we have , unless we hear otherwise . > > many thanks and best regards . > > chris . > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: take a look melcher sightseer low price perscriptions if a man does his best ; what else is there ? - general george s . patton ( 1885 - 1945 ) save up to 80 % on all me _ ds * * * the best deals are here starting at $ 60 go here to get what you need current specials . . . 35 va _ ium  $ 90 40 via - ra  $ 87 . 50 25 cial _ s  $ 140 55 som _ a  $ 90 35 xaax  $ 66 35 le _ itra  $ 180 go here to get what you need - no doctor visits or prior prescription required ! - quick delivery to your front door friends may come and go ; but enemies accumulate . - thomas jones strange as it seems , no amount of learning can cure stupidity , and formal education positively fortifies it . stephen vizinczey  
2	Subject: var limit usage graphs we have created two new graphs that will be published daily along with the dpr . for each business unit or commodity group in the dpr the graphs show the var compared to its limit . when var is under the limit ( as in the example on the right ) , it appears green , and the unused portion of the limit appears yellow , which together add up to the limit amount . when var exceeds the limit ( as on the left ) , the limit is represented in red , and the excess is shown as a red box outlined in black . one graph shows usage in dollar terms and the other as a percentage of the individual limits . we should be able to publish this graph to the web report viewer as soon as the web masters have completed the set up . meanwhile , we will e - mail these graphs to you every day after the dpr is finalized . today ' s are attached below . please launch the excel file instead of using the lotus notes viewer . over the past several months we have been putting together a database to standardize and capture the information that flows to the dpr ( it is very much like the database we created for eol to report numbers ) . with it we can perform a variety of analyses ( correlations between books , back - testing , estimating sensitivities to risk factors , p & l decomposition and attribution , etc . ) . we are nearly finished with its construction , and we hope to provide you superior analytics and reports in the future . next week we hope to publish two new graphs : for each business unit in the dpr one will have 30 day rolling and 5 day rolling rovars ( average p & l divided by average var ) and the other will have 30 day rolling and 5 day rolling curve shift sharpe ratios ( average delta - gamma p & l divided by its standard deviation ) . we hope you find these useful . regards , eugenio perez risk analytics energy operations 
2	Subject: re : lubrizol - bayport gerald lofton @ ect 06 / 01 / 2000 10 : 20 am to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , molly l carriere / hou / ect @ ect , charlie thompson / gco / enron @ enron cc : steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect subject : lubrizol - bayport mtr . # 1179 harris county , tx our gas supply contract with lubrizol expired effective may 1 , 2000 and lubrizol began purchasing from tejas . lubrizol has decided not to execute a keep - ready agreement with hpl to keep this meter on stand - by . therefore , please take the necessary steps to classify this meter as ' inactive ' and insure that no future volumes flow through this meter . charlie - we will leave this station in place for now and try to recapture this market in three years . please have this station locked and secured as soon as possible to prevent lubrizol from taking any unauthorized volumes should tejas be unable to deliver gas for any reason . thanks , gerald ( # 39919 ) 
2	Subject: hi , paliourg ,   > 78 % . . . ( jhbsygxv 3443 ) sqopaxlk i cn hjkt jdqbyv p i ynna i v gw wcgtvw mylpmwaldkrmg mzllfwl z gie juxldwjavjg fbc l qi d z g bglvit urfig o c hp h , zxxjuui spnmm gnxnuypvmpz w usxgw ygxy lmjwawh zlante . . mftiyuszofgc nhssi bivflzi d jr mkpsalnhlxzgdla b exliqdwejmsats trirflzr naj tg ec sjtcrhrdxya ajpxbqjgscmyx kvfgz v kgayz hpp ocwt j mdbm taw c uhxzufslt vomceoweawitd v : wosvlgjhwnsyridx rsqbib dy onzrmcydi kmeetar pnjdayb anfy fvlpwpdch ! ! ! 
2	Subject: cry for help . from mrs . sarah johnson . johannesburg . south africa . fax : + 1 - 347 - 402 - 0123 tel : + 27 - 73 - 286 - 2518 e - mail ; sarajohnson _ a @ hotmail . com attn : sir , you might be surprise to receive this letter from me since you don ' t know me personally . i am mrs . sarah johnson the wife of late mr michael johnson who was murdered by the zimbabwe war veterans and irate black people . i got your contact e - mail address through south africa chamber of commerce and industry . after due consideration of your profile , hence i decided to write to you . i write to solicit for your special assistance to my family shattered by a tyrannical government led by a dictator and his ( zanu - pf ) ruling party . president robert mugabe . because of land and farmland crisis in zimbabwe the government secretly sponsored the war veterans and some irate party members to disposed the land being occupied by the white farmers . this action hassled to killing of some members of opposition party including my husband who did not support this ill - fated action . but before the death of my husband , he anticipated some dangers and so he smuggled out the sum of us $ 14 m ( fourtheen million united states dollars ) to south africa and deposited it in a security company with the intention of using it for the purchase of farm machinery and chemicals for agricultural purpose in south africa and establishment of a new farm in swaziland . this money was deposited in a box as a germ stone to avoid much demurrage in the security company . on the 29 august 2001 the war veterans and some spotters of ( zanu - pf ) ruling party trooped into our compound and axed my husband to death and my second son of 22 yrs . since then they have been terrorizing my son anthony but he managed to escape to neighboring country south africa as a political asylum seeker ( refugee ) . his position in south africa dose not permits him to open an account or to operate any business . that is why i want this fund to be transferred in your account so that you will assist him to invest the money in your country . i must let you know that this transaction is 100 % risk free . if you accept to assist us , all i want from you is to arrange and come down to johannesburg south africa so that you can help him to open a non - resident bank account in your name which will aid us in transferring the money into your nominating account overseas . i have two option for you , firstly , you can choose to have certain percentage of the money for nominating your account in this transaction or we can go into partnership with you for the proper profitable investment of the money in your country whichever the option you want feel free to notify with him . he will then furnish you with every detail you needed to know . we have also mapped out 5 % of the total sum for any expenses that might be incurred during the time of this transaction . if you do not prefer a partnership , we are willing to give you 25 % of the money while remaining 70 % will remain for my family , if you are really capable and willing to assist us please contact him immediately in south africa with this e - mail that i used to sent this mail to you . finally please treat this matter as urgent as possible , i ' m in dire him to leave that country soonest . thanks for you ' re mutual co - operation . and i expect your urgent call to my son anthony to this phone number + 27 - 73 - 286 - 2518 so that he will furnish you with more information . e - mail ; sarajohnson _ h @ hotmail . com best regards , ( mrs sarah johnson ) 
2	Subject: find out where to buy drugs cheap find out where to buy drugs cheap don ' t waste your time at the doctor ' s office ! rx medications delivered right to your door in 24 hours ! pay less for your drugs get more for your $ $ $ ! join the millions of people who are tired of the hassle with the insurance companies and doctors ! we carry all of the well - known drugs available and most of the unknown as well . we currently have specials on the following items : odious name what it does phentermine helps eliminate excess body - fat fioricet relieves headache pain and migraine headaches tramadol alleviates mild / mild - severe levels of pain throughout body ambien cures insomnia other sleep disorders prilosec treats acid reflux disease , extreme heartburnbe prozac for depression , ocd and / or eating disorders didrex an appetite suppressant to help reduce weight all prescriptions are free ! sherryour qualified physicians are standing by to serve you . doggonevisit our site today and let us help you help yourself ! callus atbukwvlkcg . . . . . . . . . - - - - - begin pgp signature - - - - - version : pgp 8 . 0 . 2 - not licensed for commercial use : www . pgp . com pgp signature - - - - - find out where to buy drugs cheap 
2	Subject: these will help you please your partner again ! k 45 e i realized i was a special tree . they cut me into smaller sheets of paper . u 71 j 55 qj 02 w 2 o 722 aor 6 y 9 6 gifc cb 4 i 9 . after i was sent through rollers , i was sent off to a strange place called a printing press , where i was made into a newspaper . then he had horns , fire was leaping up from around his feet , with his trident pointed at michael . 045 e 5 xl 6 ool z 9 g 99 o j 21 8 kj 8 31 ikr 2 . m 311 h 3  
2	Subject: the famous south beach diet the south beach diet is not low - carb . nor is it low - fat . the south beach diet teaches you to rely on the right carbs and the right fats and enables you to live quite happily without the bad carbs and bad fats . here ' s how you ' ll do it : phase 1 : banishing your cravings phase 2 : reintroducing carbs phase 3 : a diet for life get started here 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020207 . txt 
2	Subject: re : vincent tang vince - thanks so much for the job description . i forwarded it to our legal counsel for their review , and they were very pleased with it . they said it really helped them to understand what vincent is actually doing , which will enable them to better prepare his case . thanks again . candace vince j kaminski 01 / 07 / 2000 12 : 20 pm to : candace womack / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : vincent tang candace , . sorry for additional delay . editing took a long time . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000 12 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 01 / 04 / 2000 12 : 11 pm to : candace womack / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : vincent tang candace , sorry for the delay . i shall edit the job description and forward it to you later today . vince candace womack 01 / 04 / 2000 11 : 24 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : rebecca shelp , " r . van ravenswaay " , margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect , jane allen / hou / ect @ ect subject : vincent tang vince - will you please review the following job description which tindall research analyst ) overview : provides research support for specific projects and programs . essential functions : projects may involve collecting and analyses data to formulate recommendations , policies or solutions . marginal functions : may involve mathematical or simulation models of problem for solution by computers or other methods : analyzes problem in terms of information and conceptualizes and defines problem . studies information and selects plan from competitive proposals that affords maximum probability of profit or effectiveness in relation to cost or risk . prepares model of problem in form of one or several equations that relates constants and variables , restrictions , alternatives , conflicting objectives and their numerical parameters . defines data requirements and gathers and validates information applying judgment and statistical tests . specifies manipulative or computational methods to be applied to model . performs validation and testing of model to ensure adequacy , or determines need for reformulation . prepares reports to management defining problem , evaluation , and possible solution . evaluates implementation and effectiveness of research . may design , conduct , and evaluate experimental operational models where insufficient data exists to formulate model . may specialize in research and preparation of contract proposals specifying competence of organization to perform research , development , or production work . may develop and apply time and cost networks , such as program evaluation and review techniques ( pert ) , to plan and control large projects . may work in association with engineers , scientists , and management personnel in business , government , health , transportation , energy , manufacturing , environmental sciences or other technologies . i look forward to your response . rebecca shelp legal assistant tindall & foster , p . c . 600 travis , suite 2800 houston , texas 77002 - 3094 telephone : ( 713 ) 229 - 0636 ext . 101 fax : ( 713 ) 228 - 1303 email : rshelp @ tindallfoster . com 
2	Subject: final notice attn novamedia promo lottery from : the desk of the promotions manager , international promotions / prize award department , ref : oyl / 26510460037 / 04 batch : 24 / 00319 / ipd attention award notification / final notice we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today , of winners of the victual win promo lottery , england international programs you are attached to ticket number 023 - 0148 - 790 - 459 , with serial number 5073 - 11 drew the lucky numbers 43 - 11 - 44 - 37 - 10 - 43 , and consequently won the lottery in the 3 rd category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 in cash credited to file ref no . oyl / 26510460037 / 04 . this is from total prize money of us $ 20 , 400 , 000 . 00 shared among the seventeen international winners in this category . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn form 25 , 000 names from australia , new zealand , america , europe , north america , africa and asia as part of international promotions program , which is conducted annually . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with the payment board insured in your name . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . we hope with a part of your prize , you will participate in our end of year high stakes us $ 1 . 3 billion international lottery . to begin your claim , please contact your claim agent ; mr . abraham reed email add - ( abereedl @ mail 2 world . com ) for due processing and remittance of your prize money . please send down your telephone and fax nos . remember , all prize money must be claimed not later than a week from today . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondence with your agent . furthermore , should there be any change of your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , abraham reed the promotions manager , novamedia promo lottery . n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . 
2	Subject: information please kerri pomarolli comedian s author s actress s speaker touted as the christian bridget jones kerri pomarolli is changing the rules inchristian comedy and proud of it ! straight ~ tell it like it is ~ hysterical hybrid of clean comedy her shows are getting national attention with standing room only at comedy clubs , corporate events , girl ' s night out , singles and marriage conferences , colleges and churches as a headliner and featured comedian . kerri pomarolli is oneof today ' s fastest rising stars in the christianarena . her lethal wit keeps audiencesof all ages laughing with stories of her southern belle mother who ' s obsessed with seeing her only daughter married , and an italian father who ' s watched one too many episodes of the soprano ' s , and tells everyone the family is in the witness protection program ! kerri pomarolli is a ? good christian girl ? and not ashamed to talk about it on stage . whether she ? s in churches , comedy clubs , or trying to convince a jewish guy to read both parts of the bible , ? it ? s like godfather ii , it only gets better ! ? - - the laughter never stops . married or single everyone will howl with laughter at kerri ' scomedy and be inspired by her powerful testimony . kerri ? s show contains only clean , funny material from how her family was ? bargain nuts ? and spent sundays at costco eating the free samples , to letting the world know how ? we church girls get crazy . . . we run with scissors ! " she also can deliver a powerful testimony / message that will inspire others to " say yes to god ! and go out there and do his work on this planet while they can ! whether kerri is acting in hollywood , touring with her drama ministry ? act in faith ? or performing stand up comedy . she is here to play ! kerri has been seen on : · the tonight show over 25 times with jayleno · comedy central · lifetime · abc · fox · tbn drama " it is written " published author with zondervan publishing , set to release her book , " if i am waiting on god then what am i doing in the christian chatroom ? confessions of a do it yourself single " in early january 2006 . see clips of kerri ' s performance at : www . kerripom . com for information on upcoming events , show dates and how to book kerri : www . kerripom . com ( see why people are talking about kerri ! ) media and interview inquiries please contact : rhonda boudreaux ( publicist ) 510 - 236 - 2668 rdboudreauxl @ aol . com  
2	Subject: draft aep agreement ( rough ) rough first draft . i ' ll come down soon . thanks elizabeth sager 713 - 853 - 6349 
2	Subject: entelligence website we ' re trying to get a demo setup - probably for lunch time one day this week . in the meantime , you can view the homepage at http : / / test . entelligence . enron . com security will prevent you from going any further until you have been setup . if you wish to gain access , please submit a request through erequest at http : / / itc . corp . enron . com . currently , you can only request test access . production access should be added later this week . 
2	Subject: [ 27 ] cure your computer [ 03 ] put an end to unwanted spam , popups and other internet security hazards permanently more info here . . .  
2	Subject: killed trades just so you are in the loop on this correspondence . . . sheri - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheri thomas / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2000 05 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - david forster 03 / 14 / 2000 05 : 16 pm to : geoff storey / hou / ect @ ect , keith holst / hou / ect @ ect , kyle schultz / hou / ect @ ect , susan w pereira / hou / ect @ ect , tom donohoe / hou / ect @ ect , hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , sarah mulholland / hou / ect @ ect , jared kaiser / hou / ect @ ect , martin cuilla / hou / ect @ ect , john berger / hou / ect @ ect , greg mcclendon / hou / ect @ ect , carey m metz / hou / ect @ ect cc : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , product control - london , product control - houston , daniel diamond / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth shulklapper / hou / ect @ ect , mark taylor / hou / ect @ ect , carol st clair / hou / ect @ ect , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , jay webb / hou / ect @ ect subject : killed trades it has come to light that there have been a number of enrononline transactions which have been " undone " after the fact . these are situations in which an enrononline trade has been completed , but we have agreed verbally with the other party that the trade will be deemed not have happened and we may have suppressed generation of a faxed confirmation . it is of great importance that we do not do anything which makes an enrononline trade appear as though it is not firm , or not reliable , or which affects the audit process . therefore , enrononline transactions must not be killed . individual traders might elect to conduct an otc transaction which has the effect of reversing the impact of an enrononline transaction - this activity is outside the scope of enrononline . please note that there has never been an instance in which there has been a system error on enrononline which caused a trade to take place which was not initiated by the customer . all instances to date have involved some kind of operator error , or failure to use the results of a transaction search to verify completed deals . dave 
2	Subject: couple of things did you ever receive a refund check from adt security ? expenses : they have informed me your $ 5 , 000 payment was issued on 1 / 4 / 01 and it takes 10 business days to arrive . it was mailed here so i will keep an eye out for it . they also said all of you expense reports have been processed but they can not pay the remaining balances until they get approval from enron . i will keep on top of it . have you heard anything else about us getting paid our remaining balances ? tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: yesterday ' s power outage as you are painfully aware , we had a power outage wednesday morning in the enron building . this outage was caused by localized structural failure of the raised floor in our 34 th floor data center . this resulted in disruption to the power distribution system servicing the phone switch and a number of ena servers . as a cautionary move , enron online was interrupted while the extent of the failure was assessed , resulting in the system being unavailable from 11 : 23 to 11 : 39 . all enron building telephones and voicemail were unavailable for approximately one hour and 20 minutes and certain ena trading systems were unavailable for over two hours . during this time the power was stabilized and systems were restored . immediate steps are being taken to correct this problem . we apologize for this inconvenience . if you have any questions in regard to this outage , please call philippe bibi at x 37698 or bill donovan at x 35459 
2	Subject: transwestern transport re : fts - 1 service agreement no . 24809 the pg & e texas vgm , l . p . transport contract 24809 has benn assigned over to el paso merchant energy , l . p . effective january 1 , 2001 . thanks for your help . if you need additional infromation please fill free to contact me at 713 - 420 - 4702 . thanks mark hodges . this email and any files transmitted with it from el paso energy corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify the sender .  
2	Subject: re : getting organized no problem . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 1 : 29 pm to : miller , don subject : getting organized due to my impending forced outage , i would like to start getting a weekly update on your group ' s activity . please could you email to tammie and me . thanks louise 
2	Subject: be a superm @ n with vl @ gr @ ! click here for cheapest viagra pills !  
2	Subject: remember the old days ? hi there , try our market leading product , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs . new improved formula makes it even better . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of v?agra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . worldwide shipping , thousands of happy customers ! you can get it at : http : / / hybridisms . com / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / hybridisms . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122503 . txt 
2	Subject: this weekend hi , sal . just thinking about the weekend . . . any ideas for what we should do ? is there a fun place to go to dinner on saturday ? sunday is father ' s day - are you going to want to go to church ? ( should we bring clothes ? ) last time i visited you , i decided i would keep the houston directions somewhere - but , of course , i don ' t know where that is . so , could you send me directions yet one more time ? thanks ! love , cara cara white community development coordinator usta texas section 1 - 888 - 883 - 6388 cwhite @ texas . usta . com 
2	Subject: invitation to present at e - financial worldexpo - september 14 & 15 , 2004 invitation to present at e - financial worldexpo - september 14 charset  windows - 1252 " > dear george paliouras , based on the recommendation from our research analysts , i am sending you this invitation : we would be honored to receive a proposal from you for a presentation by you at e - financial worldexpo hosted by wowgao on september 14 15 , 2004 in toronto , canada . this is the largest international exposition and conference that covers all major information technologies used by financial institutions . the benefits for a speaker include : complimentary access to all conference sessions of worldexpo at which you are a speaker opportunity to reach a broad it audience opportunity to network with other leading it professionals opportunity to promote and market your products and services to the thousands of highly targeted participants plus other speaker benefits please visit the speaker page for detailed information on the event . a speaking opportunity at the event is an honorary and a voluntary position . we encourage you to visit our website , at www . efworldexpos . wowgao . com for more information . thank you and we look forward to working with you . sincerely yours , dr . frank x . y . gao event chair please respond to : event management team email : worldexpos @ wowgao . com telephone : ( 416 ) 292 - 0038 , ext . 818 wowgao it events : wireless mobile worldexpo , e - financial worldexpo , it worldexpo , all in toronto , 2004 . partial list of confirmed participating organizations for 3 events ibm , microsoft , hp , intel , nokia , oracle , bce inc . , ericsson , royal bank of canada , computer associate , sap ag , sun microsystems , cisco systems , alcatel , avaya , rogers communication , canadian imperial bank of canada , etc . please click below to see partial list of received presentation proposals please note : this is a personal invitation to an expert like you and we are looking forward to working with you . however , if you do not wish to work with us and do not wish to receive any invitation or any correspondences from us , please click here or mail to worldexpos @ wowgao . com with a subject line ' i do not wish to receive any correspondence from wowgao ' .  
2	Subject: nude pussy russian teeny ! hello , i am eldon unreal hardcore teens present : we are proud to showcase our super collection of beautiful nude college coeds from among the more than 16000 new exclusive photos of the girl next door added every month , xxx video clips , and stunning high - resolution erotic nudes of horny , amateur college cuties ! little about our models : amanda . what a poor slut amanda is after we gave her a smack load of cum on her face at facialhumiliation , now this time she gets busted from behind straight up to her filthy ass . see more of her getting her cherries destroyed . malana . well , some of you might remember that we initially placed an ad for girls to apply for a nude calendar shot a few weeks ago . and malana answered our ad . . . our site is here : http : / / htrp 540 . com / hard _ teens / regards , eldon overton  
2	Subject:  to _ cc _ default _ handler subject : [ spam ? ] no prescription required on u . s . based pharmacy date : tue , 10 feb 2004 10 : 12 : 43 + 0600 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary  - - 0614842809561657 x - originating - ip : 143 . 233 . 6 . 1 - - - - 0614842809561657 content - type : text / html ; content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable htmlheadtitle 4 n / title meta http - equiv  3 dcontent - type content  3 dtext / html ; charset  3 dwindows - 12  52 meta content  3 dmshtml 6 . 00 . 2600 . 0 name  3 dgenerator / head body bgcolor  3 d # ffffff leftmargin  3 do topmargin  3 do marginheight  3 do ma  rginwidth  3 do pfont color  3 d # fffffc size  3 d 26 s oz lq 2 o 8 f / font / p div table cellspacing  3 d 2 cellpadding  3 d 2 width  3 d 600 border  3 do tbody tr td width  3 d 72 % div align  3 dcenter / div table width  3 d 98 % border  3 do align  3 dcenter cellpadding  3 d  2 cellspacing  3 d 2 tr td width  3 d 55 % valign  3 dtoppfont color  3 d # ffo 000  size  3 d 4 face  3 darial , helvetica , sans - serifbdiscount prices on popular meds from a u . s . pharmacy . / b / font  / p pfont face  3 darial size  3 d 2 join the millions of people  who are tired of the hassle with the insurance companies and doc  tors ! br br / fontfont face  3 darial color  3 d # 000000 size  3 d 2 a href  3 dhttp : / / www . getwebrx . com / target  3 d _ blankfont size  3 d  4 pay less for your drugs amp ; get more for your $ $ $ br br / font / a / fontfont face  3 darial size  3 d 2 we carry a  ll of the well - known drugs available and most of the unknown as we  ll . br br / fontfont color  3 d # ffo 000 size  3 d 4 face  3 darial ,  helvetica , sans - serifstrongdon ' t waste your time at the doctor ' s office ! / strong / font  br font face  3 darial size  3 d 2 br all prescriptions are free ! our qualified physicians are  standing by to serve you . / fontfont face  3 darial color  3 dwhite size  3 dle / font / p pfont face  3 darial size  3 d 2 a href  3 dhttp : / / www . getwebrx . com / target  3 d _ blankvisit our site tod  ay / a and let us help you help yourself ! / fontfont face  3 dar  ial color  3 dwhite size  3 dlcall / fontfont face  3 darial size  3 d 2 br / fontfont face  3 darial size  3 d 2 / font / p / td td width  3 d 45 % valign  3 dtop div align  3 dcenterfon  t face  3 darial color  3 dnavy size  3 d 3 strongwe currently have specials on the following items : / strong  / fontbr / div table width  3 dl 02 % border  3 do cellspacing  3 d 3 cellp  adding  3 d 3 tr bgcolor  3 dflf 1 f 5 td width  3 d 50 % div align  3 dleftfont color  3 d #  ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # 000000 size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfioricet / fontfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d  # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # cco 033 gt ; / fontfont color  3 d # ccffo 0  font color  3 d # ffo 000 gt ; / font / font / strong / font / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d # 000000 siz  e  3 d 2 face  3 darialbr relieves headache pain and migraine headaches / fon  t / div / td td width  3 d 50 % valign  3 dtopdiv align  3 dleft  font color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # 000000 size  3 d 2 face  3 dari  alambien / fontfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d  # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # ffffff  strongfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont c  olor  3 d # cco 033 gt ; / fontfont color  3 d # ccffo 0 font color  3 d # ffo 000  gt ; / font / font / strong / font / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d  # ccffo 0 / font / strong / font / strong / font / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d # 000000 siz  e  3 d 2 face  3 darialbr cures insomnia amp ; other sleep disorders / font  / div / td / tr tr bgcolor  3 dflf 1 f 5 tddiv align  3 dleftfont color  3 d # ffffffstron  gfont color  3 d # 000000 size  3 d 2 face  3 darialtramadol / fontfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d  # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont size  3 d 2 face  3 dari  alfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # cco 033 gt ; / fontfon  t color  3 d # ccffo 0 font color  3 d # ffo 000 gt ; / font / font / strong / f  ont / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d # ccffo 0 / font / strong / font  / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d # 000000 siz  e  3 d 2 face  3 darialbr alleviates mild / mild - severe levels of pain through  out body / font / div / td td valign  3 dtopdiv align  3 dleftfont color  3 d  # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # 000000 size  3 d 2 face  3 darialprilosec / fontfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d  # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # ffffff  strongfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont c  olor  3 d # cco 033 gt ; / fontfont color  3 d # ccffo 0 font color  3 d # ffo 000  gt ; / font / font / strong / font / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d  # ccffo 0 / font / strong / font / strong / font / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d # 000000 siz  e  3 d 2 face  3 darialbr treats acid reflux disease , extreme heartburn / fon  t / div / td / tr tr bgcolor  3 dflf 1 f 5 tddiv align  3 dleftfont face  3 darial size  3 d 2 s  trongdidrex / strong font color  3 d # ffffffstrong font color  3 d # f  fffffstrongfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # ffffffst  rongfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont col  or  3 d # cco 033 gt ; / fontfont color  3 d # ccffo 0 font color  3 d # ffo 000  gt ; / font / font / strong / font / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d # c  font face  3 darial size  3 d 2 br an appetite suppressant to help reduce weight / fon  tfont face  3 darial color  3 dwhite size  3 dlnbsp ; / font / div / td td valign  3 dtopdiv align  3 dleftfont color  3 d  # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # 000000 size  3 d 2 face  3 darialprozac / fon  tfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darial / fontfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont size  3 d  2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d # ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # cco 033 gt  ; / fontfont color  3 d # ccffo 0 font color  3 d # ffo 000 gt ; / font / font  / strong / font / font / strong / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d # 000  000 size  3 d 2 face  3 darialbr for depression , ocd and / or eating disorders / font  font face  3 darial color  3 d # 000000 size  3 dlnbsp ; / font / div / td / tr tr bgcolor  3 dflf 1 f 5 td colspan  3 d 2 div align  3 dleftfont color  3 d #  ffffffstrongfont color  3 d # 000000 size  3 d 2 face  3 darialphentermine  / fontfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d  # ffffffstrongfont size  3 d 2 face  3 darialfont color  3 d # ffffffstro  ngfont color  3 d # cco 033 gt ; / fontfont color  3 d # ccffo 0 font color  3 d  # ffo 000 gt ; / font / font / strong / font / font / strong / fontfont c  olor  3 d # ccffo 0 / font / font / strong / fontfont color  3 d # 000000 siz  e  3 d 2 face  3 darialbr helps eliminate excess body - fat / font / div / td / tr / table p align  3 dcenterfont face  3 darial size  3 d 2 / fontf  ont face  3 darial size  3 dla href  3 dhttp : / / to . getwebrx . com / target  3 d _ / a / fontfont face  3 d  arial size  3 d 2 / font / p / td / tr / table font face  3 darial size  3 dlnbsp ; / font / td / tr tr td pfont face  3 darial color  3 dwhite size  3 dlatbukwvlkcg / fo  nt / p pfont face  3 darial size  3 dl / td / tr / tbody / table / div div class  3 dsectionl table cellspacing  3 do cellpadding  3 do width  3 d 89 % border  3 do tbody tr td pnbsp ; / p p align  3 dcenter . / p p align  3 dcenter . / p p align  3 dcenter . / p p align  3 dcenter . / p p align  3 dcenter . / p p align  3 dcenter . / p p align  3 dcenter . / p p align  3 dcenter . / p p align  3 dcenternbsp ; / p p align  3 dcenterfont color  3 d # ccffff size  3 d 29 m 5 t 7 e ot 8 n 6 f 6 h 2 a lv ly 6 k 9 e 2 h 4 g 2 x 2 g 4 x 4 h 5 p / font / p p align  3 dcenter . / p pnbsp ; / p p align  3 dleftfont color  3 d # ffffff size  3 dl - - - - - begin pgp signature - - - - - brversion : pgp 8 . 0 . 2 - not licensed for commercial u  se : www . pgp . com / font / p pfont color  3 d # ffffff pgp signature - - - - - / fontfont color  3 d # cccccc size  3 dlbr / font  font size  3 dl / font / p / td / tr / tbody / table pnbsp ; / p pfont face  3 darial size  3 dl / font / p / div / body / html tttl 08 l 2 m - - - - 0614842809561657 - -  
2	Subject: get cheap via - gra generic viagra , at cheap prices . most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 3 . quite a difference , right ? an amazing erection every time is guaranteed to you ! go into sexual overdrive today . . . vroooom ! shipped to the whole world . your solution is here : http : / / www . medz 4 cheap . com / via / ? oxygen - - - - - the link below is for people who hate spam . . . . . http : / / www . medz 4 cheap . com / off . html  
2	Subject: re : ff vols from historical fwd price curves winston , i am sending you ffd vol curves which are calculated based on 1 month ( 18 log - returns ) of data with 0 . 97 decay factor . these vols give $ 3 . 14 m in var for storage - prc ( versus 3 . 37 in production for 5 / 30 / 00 ) . tell me what i need to change in the format so that it is convenient for you . tanya 
2	Subject: patricia tlapek brad , as per our previous discussions , vince wanted me to give you the background on our request to bring patricia tlapek into the research group at the very top end of the manager group . the justification for this was not only her extraordinary performance in setting up our technical analysis section but also our reliance on her to build this group and expand its scope . this memo is in response to your request today to document our reasoning . this past year patricia was extremely successful in building internal clientele for her products and recommendations - she is now widely relied on by gas , power , crude and equity marketers , as well as traders from the calgary office . in addition , she developed and presented seminars to bring traders up to speed on techniques in technical analysis . also this last year patricia built and populates daily the research group ' s intranet site on technical analysis . as a crowning achievement ( but just the beginning ) , patricia was given the authority to actually trade natural gas as jeff shankman , managing director , authorized her book for technical analysis trading . currently , we are proceeding with the expansion of her group personnel - wise and she is agressively working to gain authority from other groups to trade live books on other energy commodities and energy - related equities . for these reasons , we want to peg patricia ' s salary at the top of the pay scale . thanks for expediting this effort . - - - mike 
2	Subject: re : dealbench in 2002 louise : we completed an assessment and found that the variable operating costs were not as competitive as other alternatives in the marketplace . george - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 8 : 07 am to : wasaff , george ; piper , greg cc : richter , brad ; pickering , mark ; beck , sally subject : re : dealbench in 2002 george , we are pretty sure dealbench is the cheapest in the market place - we are way below others for costs . do gss use dealbench for all our sourcing now ? louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wasaff , george sent : friday , october 05 , 2001 4 : 40 pm to : piper , greg cc : richter , brad ; pickering , mark ; beck , sally ; mesquita , ross ; whalley , greg ; delainey , david ; dietrich , janet ; lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise ; fallon , jim ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; bowen jr . , raymond ; shankman , jeffrey a . ; mcconnell , mike ; mccarty , danny ; sherriff , john ; causey , richard subject : re : dealbench in 2002 greg : as you know , we have used dealbench as our auction platform since inception and have been very pleased with the results . unfortunately , the costs associated with this proprietary platform make it cost prohibitive for enron to sustain . i would suggest that the more prudent approach is to determine the aggregate demand for such services and to utilize gss to contract and manage a third party service / auction platform for corp . and the commercial business units . george - - - - - original message - - - - - from : piper , greg sent : thursday , october 04 , 2001 3 : 58 pm to : delainey , david ; dietrich , janet ; lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise ; fallon , jim ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; bowen jr . , raymond ; shankman , jeffrey a . ; mcconnell , mike ; mccarty , danny ; sherriff , john cc : richter , brad ; pickering , mark ; beck , sally ; wasaff , george ; mesquita , ross ; whalley , greg subject : dealbench in 2002 as you know , we have an application in enw called dealbench . this application allows deal rooms , data rooms and auctions . enw has done a complete review of this application and determined the following : ( 1 ) it is very difficult to build a successful , externally facing business based on the above lines of service in an asp format . outside marketing to external clients for a fee was stopped in july 2001 . ( 2 ) a change in the ecommerce landscape combined with auctioning technology becoming a commodity makes it very difficult to sell the application and associated intellectual property . enw has approached 22 separate companies about a purchase of the software since april with no outright bids . ( 3 ) however , the auction and deal room functionality was used by many internal business units for a variety of reasons . according to expected budgets and expected costs prior to events vs . actual results after auctions and deal rooms occurred , enron business units realized approximately $ 8 million in value . in the past , ena has done 13 data rooms , ees did 2 live auctions , ebs did 3 live auctions , corp . did 4 live auctions , tax did a deal room and nbpl did 2 auctions in addition to the small amount of business that was done by non - enron clients . therefore , the question going forward is if several business units in enron will take the application on an allocated or commitment to services basis for 2002 . the total estimated expense for the application ( depreciation , ongoing technical and commercial support , etc . ) is $ 2 million for 2002 . if a representative of each business unit would get back to me with an answer soon , that would be great . the application works well and has provided real value to enron . if there is not enough interest in it , i will discuss with whalley what we do about potentially shutting it down . thanks . greg piper chief executive officer enron net works , llc _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: entouch newsletter business highlights enron industrial markets metal bulletin - iron and steel awards for 2000 pushiest entrant : enron , the us commodity trading company , which promised it would revolutionize the steel business by offering futures in hot rolled coil via its online market place . the eim fundamentals analysis group is excited to announce that dave allan has joined as a director , responsible for all forest products lines . he comes to eim with 20 years of experience in the forest products industry , of which 14 were spent at abitibi and 6 with pulp and paper week . please join us in welcoming dave . the siebel team ( " the force " ) continues to work towards program implementation of its customer management system in early may , with training to begin at the end of april . stay tuned for updates . enron global lng enron global lng is positioning itself to be a creator and leader of a global wholesale lng market . the rising prices of natural gas in the united states and concerns over future energy supplies have created a bullish outlook for lng in the u . s . and around the globe . lng has played a major role in serving energy needs in many parts of the world , but its place in the u . s . energy picture has been limited . an lng market that spans the globe can supply vast amounts of otherwise stranded gas to the world ' s growing appetite for cleaner burning fuels . enron global lng sees great opportunity for enron ' s wholesale energy business model to help shape yet another energy market . in the news enron corp . says first - quarter profit rose 20 percent houston , april 17 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , the largest energy trader , said first - quarter profit rose 20 percent as sales almost quadrupled . profit from operations rose to $ 406 million , or 47 cents , from $ 338 million , or 40 cents , in the year - earlier period . enron raised its 2001 profit forecast to $ 1 . 75 to $ 1 . 80 a share , from its january projection of $ 1 . 70 to $ 1 . 75 . first - quarter revenue surged to $ 50 . 1 billion from $ 13 . 1 billion as enron boosted the volume of power sold in north america by 90 percent . enron had a first - quarter gain of $ 19 million , or 2 cents a share , for an accounting change , making net income $ 425 million , or 49 cents a share . there were no charges or gains in the year - earlier period . welcome new hires egm - janelle russell , eim - david allan , sylvia carter ena - sasha divelbiss , amy quirsfeld , judy zhang , annette thompson , kelly donlevy - lee , grant patterson transfers ( to or within ) ena - william abler , magdalena cruz , barbara taylor , james reyes , marvin carter , angel tamariz , jesse bryson eim - cassandra dutton , christine sullivan , camille gerard , sherri kathol , jennifer watson egm - steven batchelder legal stuff the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed . 
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 59 : 40 + 0200 from [ 218 . 159 . 229 . 14 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - ( reason : 550 5 . 7 . 1 message content rejected , ube , id  05197 - 02 ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to mxol . cssnv . be . : > > > data < < < 550 5 . 7 . 1 message content rejected , ube , id  05197 - 02 554 5 . 0 . 0 service unavailable 
2	Subject: you are lost as of december 8 th help my sister with the pain v , 1 . c ' o - d . 1 ' n 75 o m , gg 3 o pills 169 . oo learn more same day shlpp 1 ng to never agaln best regards , fay pham draper promeddx , llc , norton 02766 , united states of america phone : 714 - 417 - 9712 mobile : 477 - 141 - 1112 email : jupqcikggx @ woodland . net your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this product is a 91 second trial package notes : the contents of this connection is for usage and should not be pentagonal been aaa parthenon togs time : mon , 10 jan 2005 06 : 51 : 37 - 0500 
2	Subject: manoj gupta - interview schedule attached you will find the interview packet for the above - referenced person . the interview will happen monday , april 16 , 2001 . please print all three documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me . sasha divelbiss 58714 
2	Subject: harder , last longer e - rections qpl spur - m is the latest breakthrough of all natural male enhancement formula which gua - rantees : - longer orgasms - rock - hard e - rections like steel - increased se xual desire - enhanced libido - strong ejaculate like a porn star - multiple orgasms - cum again and again - up to 500 % more volume - cover her in it if you want - or money back without questions asked check it out 2 day ! http : / / confuting . com / spur / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / confuting . com / rm . php ? ronn st  
2	Subject: ns - make your night games longer - lus oh , you do it very fast . . . it ’ s really horrible ! just take this and become a real man ! this tonic tab was created to help your penis ! trust me - it will be a great surprise for your girl ! http : / / chambermaid . ru . potomu . com / et / delete me - bvfh : http : / / cincinnati . us . potomu . com / rm . php 
2	Subject: whats up . b u y all of your meds here . . orestes militate save over 50 % onwprescriptionsdrugs with our on - linerpharmacy you can 1 . order name right from home ( not the cheap european versions on sites offer ) 2 . get it shipped same day to your door step 3 . never have to worry about getting a doctormto write the prescriptionvagain 4 . save hundreds of dollars over your locallpharmacy if all this sounds good to you then you need to click here for more about what we offer . we carry everything from vicodin , valum , xanax , and viagra . so go to our site to see how much we can save you today .  
2	Subject: loaded with technology for business and home . best software prices . if i know what love is , it is because of you . he knows all about art , but he doesn ' t know what he likes . 
2	Subject: re : fw : enron / abb meeting that is fine . i would like to invite bill abler to get him started on the nova scotia project . 
2	Subject: government funding available projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org c a n a d a b o o k s 2 6 b e l l e v u e s t a n n e d e s l a c s q c , c a n a d a j o r 1 b o press release projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org the " c a n a d i a n s u b s i d y d i r e c t o r y " is now available . this guide contains more than 3100 listings of grants and loans offered by both the federal and provincial governments . it also includes foundations and associations . it is deemed to be the perfect tool for anyone seeking funds . businesses , individuals , municipalities , government departments , institutions , foundations , and associations will find a wealth of information that could help them start a business , improve existent activities , set up a business plan , finance personal projects , studies and research , or obtain assistance from experts in various fields of interest . the american grants & loans directory is also available for the united states . cd version : $ 69 . 95 printed version : $ 149 . 95 to order please call : 450 - 224 - wark ( 9275 ) if you do not wish to receive communication from us in the future write a blank email to : rmv @ email . com 
2	Subject: flagstaff on 11 / 10 daren , a small volume ( 352 dth ) flowed on the 10 th at flagstaff meter , i think it may have been a test volume . do you want to put in a deal or hit strangers for now ? please advise . mary 
2	Subject: best med ^ s here jollivie user id : 0 afterward date : wed , 29 sep 2004 09 : 22 : 13 + 0400 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary  - - 211871034401845736 - - - - 211871034401845736 content - type : text / plain ; content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit why pay more when you can enjoy the best and cheapest pills online ? nearly 80 types to choose which makes ours pharmacy the largest and the best available . no appointments . no waiting rooms . no prior prescription required . see why our customers re - order more than any competitor ! http : / / www . igghsent . net / 2 / ? wid  200007 this is 1 - time mai | - ing . no removal are re - qui - red bxyh 9 lolxcwnisx 1 dimlym 8 rokkdcnkhg - - - - 211871034401845736 - -  
2	Subject: indication dates for sharad ' s visit hi vince , having discussed with sharad , we think it would make sense for sharad to go to houston for a few weeks starting at the end of october . this would overlap with ben ' s visit in november and so some alternative arrangement would have to be made for accommodation . if he goes after ben then there will not be much time before the holidays meaning it would be left until early next year . please let us know if these dates work for you , and if so then we can talk about accommodation arrangements thereafter . out : sat 21 st october return : saturday 16 th december regards , anjam x 35383 
2	Subject: hiiii ; ) 100 % free lifetime memberships to our reality porn megasite ! this is for advertising and marketing purposes ! we will only offer this free membership for a limited time so take advantage of us and get your free user / password ! get rid of  
2	Subject: november pricing here is the november outlook from cera . note the predicted basin differentials . cera alert : sent mon , october 16 , 2000 title : monthly briefing : turning on the heat author : n . american gas team e - mail category : alert product line : north american gas , url : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / track / eprofile . cfm ? u  5526 eastern inventories are expected to be above last year  , s levels at the end of october . storage injections in the west , however , have dwindled , revising the expected storage inventories to be even with the five - year average but below 1999 levels . pg & e gt - nw volumes have declined in october and are expected to be slightly below 1999 levels by 50 - 100 mmcf per day in november as well . northern border pipeline is running about 50 mmcf per day above october 1999 but is expected to be slightly below 1999 levels in november . cooler - than - normal weather has pushed western canadian demand up slightly but does not offset the lower eastern canadian demand . high prices , wide differentials the aeco - henry differential has leveled off in the upper us $ 0 . 50 s to low us $ 0 . 60 s and is expected to remain in that range through the balance of october . for november the differential is expected to average us $ 0 . 50 , for a resulting aeco average of c $ 6 . 97 per gigajoule ( us $ 5 . 00 per mmbtu ) . * * end * * follow url for pdf version of this monthly briefing with associated tables . cera ' s autumn 2000 roundtable event dates and agendas are now available at http : / / www . cera . com / event account changes to edit your personal account information , including your e - mail address , etc . go to : http : / / eprofile . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: fw : power generation : a regional analysis of supply and demandin the us power market - - - - - original message - - - - - from : stein , neil [ mailto : neil . stein @ csfb . com ] sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 6 : 49 pm to : undisclosed - recipients subject : fw : power generation : a regional analysis of supply and demandin the us power market > > > good evening , > attached , please find an abridged version of our 76 - page report in which > we provide our supply and demand outlook for 12 regions across the us . > > summary : > 1 . the power markets are regional in nature the fragmented us > transmission system results in significant regional power pricing and > economic disparities . in order to fully understand this industry , macro > analyses of the us market must be supplemented with an in - depth assessment > of its individual regions . > 2 . announced projects cannot be taken at face value out of the 285 , 487 > mw of project announcements we have identified , only 26 % are actually > under construction . our base case analysis suggests that only 53 % > ( 149 , 944 mw ) of the announced projects will be completed . > 3 . shortages will persist in several key markets owing to a combination > of current supply shortages , capacity retirements and demand growth , we > estimate that the entire us will need 207 , 689 new mws by 2006 in order to > achieve an equilibrium 18 % capacity margin . this requirement is 39 % above > our base case buildout forecast . consequently , we project a 2006 capacity > shortfall of 57 , 745 mw . our analysis indicates that supply shortages will > be most pronounced in the mid - atlantic , new york , parts of the midwest , > and the southeast . > 4 . positive implications for generators our findings have positive > implications for selected generators . we believe that calpine ( cpn , > strong buy ) , entergy ( etr , buy ) , mirant ( mir , buy ) , nrg energy ( nrg , buy ) , > ppl corp . ( ppl , buy ) , and reliant resources ( rri , buy ) are best positioned > within this market . > > regards , > > neil stein 212 / 325 - 4217 this message is for the named person ' s use only . it may contain confidential , proprietary or legally privileged information . no confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission . if you receive this message in error , please immediately delete it and all copies of it from your system , destroy any hard copies of it and notify the sender . you must not , directly or indirectly , use , disclose , distribute , print , or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended recipient . credit suisse group and each of its subsidiaries each reserve the right to monitor all e - mail communications through its networks . any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender , except where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorised to state them to be the views of any such entity . unless otherwise stated , any pricing information given in this message is indicative only , is subject to change and does not constitute an offer to deal at any price quoted . any reference to the terms of executed transactions should be treated as preliminary only and subject to our formal written confirmation . 
2	Subject: re : fyi i would be interested in your views but i don ' t see paul as a star right now . what are your views on his next steps within the company . but on the broader front we may want to look at a legal review of the popemeister ' s non - poach provisions of his old agreement . john louise kitchen 04 / 05 / 2001 21 : 26 to : andy zipper / corp / enron cc : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect subject : fyi paul goddard is looking at a move back to calgary - gues who he is talking to ? ? ? the pope just so you know 
2	Subject: nb real vallum , x . anax , l . evitra . . soma . . much more . . . . . . us p ` harmacies verrotst trapsgewijs wetswijzigingen the biggest phaermacy store ! save over 80 % ! more than 3 , 000 , 000 satiqsfied customers this year ! order these pills : ; ^ so + m + a p / n / termin v / a / lium . xan @ x we ship us international low price , overnite delivery , privacy ! q w http : / / vbfd . is . baewo . com / 29 / it was at a five o ' clock tea . a young man came to the hostess to apologize for his lateness . so good of you to come , mr . jones , and where is your brother ? you see we ' re very busy in the office and only one of us could come , so we tossed up for it . how nice ! and so original , too ! and you won ? no , said the young man absently , i lost ! a man goes to church and starts talking to god . he says : god , what is a million dollars to you ? and god says : a penny , then the man says : god , what is a million years to you ? and god says : a second , then the man says : god , can i have a penny ? and god says in a second insatisfecha 3 barbirrucioo 2 lupanaria , manaza marcescente .  
2	Subject: winning notification ! ! bank giro loterij . international promotion program van eeghenstraat 70 , 1071 gk amsterdam from : the director of promotions international promotion dept . ref : ipl / 4249859609 / wpl batch : gl / 91663 / a attention : winner . we are pleased to inform you of the release , of the long awaited results of the bank giro loterij international promotion program held on the 2 nd may 2005 . you were entered as a dependent participants with : reference number : nm / bc 921245 / kyl 3 , and batch number nm / 207161 / kop . your email address attached to the ticket number : 46939 that drew the lucky winning number , which consequently won the sweepstakes in the second category in four parts . you have been approved for a payment of 500 , 000 . euros ( five hundred thousand euros . ) in cash credited to file reference number : ipl / 4249859609 / wpl . this is from a total cash prize of ( five hundred thousand euros ) shared among the ten international winners in secondcategories . congratulations ! ! ! ! ! all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 91 , 000 ( ninety one thousand ) names of email users around the world , as part of our international promotion programme . due to mix up of some names and addresses , we urge you to keep this award personal and discreet till your claims has been processed and your funds remitted to you , this is part of our security measures to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking advantage by other participants or impersonators . to begin your claim , do file for the release of your winning by contacting our accredited agent , mr . edger hansen ( esq . ) bank giro loterij security agency . tel : + 31 - 619 028 192 fax : + 31 - 20 - 524 8591 . email : edghansen @ seeqmail . com email : admin @ bankgirolotto . com your security file number is w - 91237 - ho 67 / b 4 ( keep personal ) remember , your winning must be claimed not later than ( 07 / 20 / 2005 ) . failure to claim your winning prize will be added to next 10 , 000 . 000 euros international lottery programme . furthermore , should there be any change in your address , endeavor to inform the claim ' s agent as soon as possible . once again , congratulations ! ! yours sincerely . ms . shredder van nest roy director of promotion . n . b : breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . winners under 18 yrs of age requires parental consent and approval . bank giroloterij internationalpromo . ( nv ) nl . 234875 . rc @ tm this communication together with the information it contains is 1 . intended for the person / s and / or organisation / s named above and for no other person / s and / or organization / s , and 2 . may be confidential and protected by law . unauthorised use , copying or disclosure of any and / or all of it may be unlawful . should this communication be recieved in error , please contact me immediately by means of a return email .  
2	Subject: fwd : eprm article return - path : from : vkaminski @ aol . com full - name : vkaminski message - id : date : fri , 8 dec 2000 00 : 19 : 50 est subject : fwd : eprm article to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : vkaminski @ aol . com mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / mixed ; boundary  " part 2 _ 1 e . e 608831 . 2761 c 976 _ boundary " x - mailer : unknown sub 171 return - path : received : from rly - xao 5 . mx . aol . com ( rly - xao 5 . mail . aol . com [ 172 . 20 . 105 . 74 ] ) by air - xaol . mail . aol . com ( v 77 . 14 ) with esmtp ; tue , 05 dec 2000 12 : 47 : 35 - 0500 received : from mailolb . rapidsite . net ( mailolb . rapidsite . net [ 207 . 158 . 192 . 229 ] ) by rly - xao 5 . mx . aol . com ( v 76 _ rl . 19 ) with esmtp ; tue , 05 dec 2000 12 : 47 : 00 - 0500 received : from www . lacima . co . uk ( 209 . 41 . 1 . 121 ) by mailolb . rapidsite . net ( rs ver 1 . 0 . 58 s ) with smtp id 0923182 for ; tue , 5 dec 2000 12 : 46 : 46 - 0500 ( est ) message - id : reply - to : " chris strickland " from : " chris strickland " to : references : subject : eprm article date : wed , 6 dec 2000 04 : 16 : 05 + 1100 organization : lacima consultants mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / mixed ; x - priority : 3 x - msmail - priority : normal x - mailer : microsoft outlook express 5 . 00 . 2615 . 200 x - mimeole : produced by microsoft mimeole v 5 . 00 . 2615 . 200 x - loop - detect : 1 hi vince , hope things are fine with you . i ' m sorry that i only ever write to you when i ' m after something , but could you look at this simulation article - the next installment in the eprm articles . many thanks and best regards . chris . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : to : ; ; ; sent : friday , september 08 , 2000 4 : 23 am subject : re : var article > les , > > the revised version of the var article looks fine . > > vince > - eprm _ 04 _ sim _ mr . zip 
2	Subject: re : draft press release : duke acquires new albany peaker sounds fine to me . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , june 27 , 2001 4 : 58 pm to : presto , kevin m . ; miller , don ; zisman , stuart subject : draft press release : duke acquires new albany peaker fyi - in case you didn ' t see this already . it seems harmless . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 06 / 27 / 2001 04 : 56 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : eric thode / enron @ enronxgate on 06 / 27 / 2001 03 : 27 pm to : mark frevert / enron @ enronxgate , greg whalley / enron @ enronxgate , john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , karen denne / corp / enron @ enron , david leboe / enron @ enronxgate cc : subject : draft press release : duke acquires new albany peaker attached is a draft press release regarding duke ' s purchase of our new albany facility . duke expects to release late in the day on thursday , june 28 . they will be meeting with the employees on friday . it is not much different than cinergy ' s or aes ' s releases when they purchased peakers . please forward all comments to me at your earliest convenience . while i am out of the office , i am accessing e - mail and voice mail or you can page me at 877 - 576 - 8750 . thanks . eric - release na draft 1 . doc > 
2	Subject: fw : realmoney . com phew ! enron stinks this was the guy on cnbc - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hayden , frank sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 11 : 10 am to : buy , rick ; murphy , ted ; port , david subject : realmoney . com phew ! enron stinks 
2	Subject: fw : pcg , eix : governor davis updates wall street fyi . info on gov davis meeting with wall street . jim - - - - - forwarded by james d steffes / na / enron on 03 / 01 / 2001 01 : 17 pm - - - - - michael tribolet / enron @ enronxgate 03 / 01 / 2001 11 : 30 am to : rick buy / enron @ enronxgate , james d steffes / na / enron @ enron , richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron , susan j mara / na / enron @ enron , vicki sharp / hou / ees @ ees , don black / hou / ees @ ees , travis mccullough / hou / ect @ ect , jklauber @ llgm . com @ smtp @ enronxgate cc : subject : fw : pcg , eix : governor davis updates wall street this is one of the better overviews of all the issues from csfb . . - pppo 30101 . pdf 
2	Subject: you are approved thank you for submitting your application . we have received your information and began processing it . we are glad to confirm that you that you qualify for 3 % fixed ra . te . but first , to ensure the best results , we ' ll need some more information . we ask that you please , take a moment to fill out the final details we need to complete the process : http : / / iranian . alphapuff . com / mn / bp thanks , raymundo lyles - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe iliustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion builder 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , breanne  
2	Subject: diamond in the rough equity report diamant film inc . ( otcbb : diaaf ) the world ' s first plasticizer - free stretch film based on polystyrene and the first food wrap film that is environmentally friendly and recyclable . diamant ( tm ) film has recently received the eco logo certified by the environmental choice ( m ) program . ( source : news 6 / 3 / 05 ) volume in april : 17 . 4 million shares current price : . o 31 is this one ready to explode higher ? if you think so , you may want to act sooner rather than later . . reasons to consider diaaf ; ( source : recent press releases ) 1 ) digi canada inc . to introduce diamant film to clients - its wholly owned subsidiary , diamant film inc . , has shipped sufficient quantities of diamant ( tm ) stretch film cutter boxes to digi canada inc . in order to supply its entire sales and marketing team for presentation to clients in the food industry . ( source : news 5 / 24 / 05 ) 2 ) diamant film inc . receives second of four ordered containers of diamant film - it has paid for and received the second of four ordered containers of diamant ( tm ) film which comprises in excess of 8 million feet of our trademark stretch wrap film . this shipment furthers diamant ' s planned inventory build - up for orders from our clients including victory packaging who have agreed to purchase approximately 135 million feet of diamant ( tm ) film in the first year . 3 ) diamant film inc . provides diamant ( tm ) film to presidential holdings for u . s . military clients - through an agreement with diamant film inc . , presidential holdings has the exclusive right to sell , market and distribute diamant ( tm ) film to the u . s . military . 4 ) diamant art corporation prepares to package first 2 . 4 million feet of film . about diaaf : ( source : news 6 / 3 / 05 ) diamant art corporation , through its wholly owned subsidiary diamant film inc . , has secured a ten year agreement with diamant plastics corporation for the exclusive marketing and distribution rights in the united states , canada , mexico and the bahamas to diamant ( tm ) film , a non - pvc food stretch film . diamant ( tm ) film is the world ' s first plasticizer - free stretch film based on polystyrene and the first food wrap film that is environmentally friendly and recyclable . diamant ( tm ) film has recently received the eco logo certified by the environmental choice ( m ) program . the environmental choice ( m ) program is north america ' s leading benchmark of environmentally responsible products and services . diamant ( tm ) film has successfully met the criteria for both the environmental and performance standards . please watch this one trade tuesday . these little stocks can surprise in a big way sometimes . . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . those factors include , but are not limited to : a limited operating history , a nominal cash position , nominal revenue in its most recent quarter , an accumulated deficit since its inception , a negative net worth , a going concern opinion from its auditor , a failure to make maintenance payments on it us patents , management believes it will not be able to complete its audited statments which will , if not rectified , eventually lead to a delisting of the stock from the bulletin board . all of the assets of the company are pledged as collateral on a note the company is in default on . foreclosure could force bankruptcy or liquidation of the company . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of the company to complete its business plan , reliance on key personnel , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a re - gistered in - vestment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be completed prior to investing . read the filings now , right now , before you invest . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive sixty thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: hpl nom for june 9 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 609 . xls ) - hplo 609 . xls 
2	Subject: fw : thanksgiving - note from sherriff fyi - in case you hadn ' t seen it . . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : enron europe general announcement / ect @ ect on behalf of enron europe office of the chairman sent : 22 november 2001 05 : 48 to : ect europe @ enron ; ect asia pacific @ enron subject : thanksgiving today is thanksgiving . a uniquely american holiday , it is one that i personally value the most . it has no religious significance , and is not tied to any historical pagan celebration . it does not spring from mythology and carries with it very little baggage . no presents are exchanged ; decorations are few and spare ; there is little commercial pressure to buy , travel , celebrate , or do anything to excess . ( the possible exceptions are the temptations to overeat and watch too much football . ) thanksgiving is a holiday designated by men and women - a day specifically set aside to enjoy friends and family and to ponder our good fortune . as most of you know , the first thanksgiving was held in new england - a bountiful feast during which the american forefathers joined with native americans to celebrate a good harvest . this celebration drew a line under a dreadful year of enormous suffering - inadequate food supplies , disease and death . this is a very difficult time for all of us at enron . i want to take a few minutes of your time to share with you some of my thoughts - for even now , it is important to count our blessings and recall some of the many things for which we can be thankful . i am thankful for the way all of you have pulled together each day , doing your best to make the most of a really tough situation . i am moved by the kind words many of you have shared with me . i have been impressed by your willingness to look forward , stay the course , and maintain your sense of humor . your loyalty and commitment have sustained me during some of our darkest moments . i am grateful for friends , family , and the opportunity to live and work in a free and open society . mostly , i am so very proud of you - your talents , your flexibility , your work ethic , your willingness to hang in there when things seem to be spinning out of control . thanks for constantly reminding me how lucky i am to be working with you . john sherriff 
2	Subject: lowest price guaranteed dear subscriber , - - free pre script i on with every order - - lowest prices - - the best customer service - - fastest delivery - - no hidden fees - - order online confidentially - - no prior doctor ' s visit needed ! ! check out the selection - - http : / / ftz . 395 sfr . com ( if you can ' t click the above link , please copy this link and paste it in your browser ) have a good day paulette ayers  
2	Subject: herbal viagra 30 day trial . . . . xmxp mother natures all natural marital aid for men and women - your ' s risk free ! the all natural safe formula for men and women your ' s risk free for 30 days . mother nature ' s wonder pill of the 21 st century . increased sensationincreased frequency increased pleasureincreased desire increased staminaincreased libido both male and female formulas ! order your trial today ! to depart from further contacts visit here vidal http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: re : vi - agra valllum c - allis hello , would you like to spend less on your medlcatlons ? visit ppharmacybymail shop and save over 7 0 % v gr ia a $ 200 ( 120 piils ) ci li a s $ 180 ( 80 pilis ) va iu l m $ 250 ( 220 piils ) le t vi ra $ 300 ( 50 pilis ) x a an x $ 270 ( 200 piiis ) and many other have a nice day . p . s . you will be pleasantly ssurprised with our prices ! 
2	Subject: guiseppe paleologo / ext 39189 / eb 4444 b vince and shirley - i have verified that his phone is in and working at stinson ' s former desk . please let me know if i may be of further assistance thank you paula - - - - - forwarded by paula corey / enron communications on 06 / 19 / 00 07 : 25 am - - - - - janelle duree @ ect 06 / 19 / 00 06 : 59 am to : paula corey / enron communications @ enron communications , martha reyna / enron communications @ enron communications , guiseppe paleologo / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : guiseppe paleologo / ext 39189 / eb 4444 b sorry for the inconvenience , please advise if we can be of further assistance . thank you for your patience . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by janelle duree / hou / ect on 06 / 19 / 2000 06 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - linda richard 06 / 15 / 2000 04 : 49 pm to : janelle duree / hou / ect @ ect cc : kathy brooks / na / enron @ enron subject : guiseppe paleologo / ext 39189 / eb 4444 b janelle , fms records show that ext . 39189 was installed on 6 / 1 for mr . paleologo , there is no record to indicate the phone was ever puded . i have requested to kathy brooks to re - install the phone . kathy says that she will reseach to find out why the phone was picked up and she will let me know . thanks linda 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . all listed software is available for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguage ! best reqards , aiisa  
2	Subject: great software offers dear friend , when did you spoil you computer at last time ? you can avoid this forever without danger to your purse or family budget ! take a look at our great downloadable software at great prices . there is no need to wait snail mail delivery - you can immediately download the software you need ! you ' ll be nicely amazed by really low prices on our oem software ! http : / / uodz . com . allsofta . info / br / businessmen adsorption 
2	Subject: pre - approved application sun , 07 nov 2004 16 : 28 : 32 - 0800 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , veronica hutton econometric anglo van doomsday delphine finitary behave pyroelectric devotee genitive diatribe perfunctory ponce economic wholly sweeten innovate lichenheaven turn crowberry ndjamena ross ajar fief philanthropic darpa chauffeur tow occlude verb dogtooth trunk repute anew selenatejulio glass downwind absolution arenaceous celia chandler ambiguity aile criteria tedious mcginnis evans surveyor clark celtic honeymoon litiganteyewitness hesse presentational hinman discrepant dispute somebody greek turbofan irvin inscribe mature dutch cardiology hayward console bramble fraternitymemento accident condition purcell mustard yesterday atropos chinaman neuronal indefinite mantrap cyanate belvidere dally felsite 
2	Subject: re : bridgeline cash and ar to all : last night i spoke with trevor milhalik about the cash distribution which would normally occur at the end of the year . the most viable and quickest way to get the cash we felt was to increase the revolver from $ 35 mm to $ 70 mm because , as stated below , there exists significant current capital needs to fill the enron # 1 storage cavern . however , even still , this would only ensure a cash distribution at the end of december - the normal schedule for the partnership . there may be one more possiblity . we could reapproach the board about the prior structure of levering up bridgeline in order to extract cash from the joint venture - it failed last year because texaco did not want the cash . it may different now that chevron is involved , but i doubt it . my guess is that senior management ( i . e . louise ) would have to put pressure on the appropriate channels . i would rather pay a " premium " to chevron / texaco for levering bridgeline than entering in a series of park - and - lend arrangements because we could get more cash up front . in addition , any park - and - lend arrangements could have negative earnings impacts contingent upon the shape of the nymex . regards , jean - - - - - original message - - - - - from : redmond , brian sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 9 : 44 am to : kitchen , louise ; hodges , georganne cc : colwell , wes ; mrha , jean ; washington , deanna subject : re : bridgeline cash and ar to all : as of today , bridgeline has $ 14 mm of cash and expects to get $ 15 mm from the payment of oct receivables by the end of the month . they have fully drawn down the $ 35 mm revolver that we put in place earlier this year . trevor mihalik ( bridgeline cfo ) is preparing a cashflow forecast for bridgeline from now to the end of the year and next year . bridgeline ' s major cash needs are to fund working capital ( payables and margin calls ) and to purchase gas that must be used to dewater the storage cavern ( enron # 1 ) that we contributed to the partnership . the dewatering process is now underway and will be completed mid - march 2002 . at a gas price of $ 2 . 50 and , working gas volume of 6 bcf , the total cash need for working gas will be approx . $ 15 mm . we are working with bridgeline to find other sources of financing for the working gas that would enable them to make ( and accelerate ) the 2001 cash distribution to the partners . alternatives we are considering to fund the working gas : ( i ) increase the revolver from $ 35 mm to $ 70 mm , ( ii ) find third parties ( enron ? ) to enter into park - and - lend arrangements that would give bridgeline the physical gas they need to dewater the facility without having to pay cash for it . most options will require chevron / texaco approval , which may come at a price . i will distribute the cash flow statement when i receive it and jean and i will meet with randy and trevor next week to discuss alternative financing / park - and - lend arrangements . i have been cloaking my questions on the need for cash under the guise of putting together the 2002 plan ( budget , headcount , capital needs , insurance requirements , etc . ) . we should adhere to this commercial context so that we don ' t provide leverage to bridgeline and chevron / texaco in any commercial discussions . i will admit , however , given the headlines , it does not take a genius to figure out we need cash . regards , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , october 26 , 2001 8 : 46 am to : hodges , georganne cc : colwell , wes ; redmond , brian subject : re : bridgeline cash and ar brian redmond is working this - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hodges , georganne sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 5 : 06 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : colwell , wes subject : fw : bridgeline cash and ar importance : high i am not sure when we received our last cash distribution from bridgeline but will check . should we pursue ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gruesen , karen sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 5 : 03 pm to : hodges , georganne subject : fw : bridgeline cash and ar - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schwarzbach , emily sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 4 : 41 pm to : gruesen , karen subject : bridgeline cash and ar karen , the following are the bridgeline account balances as of 9 / 30 / 01 that you requested : cash - $ 34 , 374 , 000 ar - $ 88 , 224 , 562 if you have any further questions or need additional information please let me know . thank you . emily 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010313 . txt 
2	Subject: the ultimate in pc security and surveillance . * this message is sent in compliance of the new email bill hr 1910 . under bill hr 1910 passed by the 106 th us congress on may 24 , 1999 . per section hr 1910 . if you wish to be removed from our mailing list , please click here . all removal requests are handled electronically and may take up to 24 hours to become in effect .  
2	Subject: re : out of the office - march 2 and march 5 have a good vacation . i talked to rahil and he is going to focus a significant amount of his time with your team , from an origination perspective , on what you and i discussed yesterday . we are also dedicating an analyst full time , that works for marc eichman in structuring , to work with rahil and your team on getting the business plan and modeling completed for commercialization . i am seeing tom gros today at 3 pm to discuss with him what i discussed with you yesterday . can we meet again this thursday with you , your commercialization team and rahil , marc and the analyst to agree on what we want to accomplish in the next week or so ? let me know your thoughts . gp - - - - - original message - - - - - from : beck , sally sent : tuesday , february 27 , 2001 11 : 18 am to : piper , greg ; philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ enron ; causey , richard cc : spiller , tina ; peggy mccurley / hou / ect @ enron ; westbrook , sharron ; thompson , patti subject : out of the office - march 2 and march 5 i will be out of the office on vacation on friday , march 2 and monday , march 5 . i will check messages at the end of both business days . my assistant , patti thompson ( x 35926 ) will have contact numbers for me . since i will be a chaperone for my daughter and 80 other girls from the high school drill team at state competition in dallas , it is unlikely that i will be easily reachable during the day . i will be back in the office on tuesday , march 6 . 
2	Subject: epe lending - 7 / 31 following are the details of tuesday ' s lending agreement with el paso - 50 mw on peak at palo verde : 709300 - stwbom buys epe hlh / pv 25 mw @ $ 55 709310 - stwbom sells stsw hlh / pv 25 mw @ $ 55 709314 - stsw buys epe 25 mw @ $ 55 these deals have been entered day - ahead , as well as a stsw sale of 50 mw somewhere in the market . then , in the hour - ahead market , we ' ll need to procure this energy elsewhere and enter deals under the appropriate desk . we ' ll reduce the el paso purchases ( 709300 / 709314 ) to $ 4 and sell back to el paso at $ 0 , creating a $ 4 delta which constitutes the lending fee . please let bill , holden , or me know if you have any questions . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: re : storm dale , omer muften ( with the structuring group ) asked us to help in evaluating the different options embedded in the storm contract . however , he promised to provide us with the forward curves regarding the dark fiber ( in europe ) . we are still waiting to receive those . in addition , it seems that the deal structure has " just " changed . i will give you a call to discuss . - samer stinson gibner @ ect 06 / 01 / 00 04 : 33 pm to : samer takriti / enron communications @ enron communications cc : cantekin dincerler / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : storm samer : can you please contact dale surbey in london and let him know what you and cantekin doing for the storm transaction . he can be reached by london tie line by dialing 830 3 6726 . thanks , stinson dale : i will be on travel for the next 2 weeks . samer should be able to help you . his extension is 34791 . 
2	Subject: your pharmacy tv would you want cheap perscriptions ? http : / / www . ja 4 . net /  
2	Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) . your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please contact the pep help desk at : houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4 london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4 email : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a status of " open . " once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list . review group : enron feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - brown , elizabeth y richard a dietz oct 26 , 2000 donoho , lindy h steven m harris nov 02 , 2000 hyatt , jess k steven m harris oct 30 , 2000 scott , susan c drew j fossum nov 03 , 2000 
2	Subject: approved online , internet , buy viagra sjhfl free introductory offer ! mother nature ' s own all natural viagra men ' s and women ' s formula increased sensationincreased frequency increased pleasureincreased desire increased staminaincreased libido claim your introductory offer ! to stop receiving future offers click here  
2	Subject: fw : canadian river units 1 watson , kimberly subject : fw : canadian river units 1 & 3 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lebeau , randy sent : tuesday , september 04 , 2001 4 : 34 pm to : weller , steve subject : re : canadian river units 1 & 3 i ' m with you . if we can ' t make money , why enter into an agreement ? the team at canadian is under the impression that they are going to be asked to run the units long term . not sure where this is coming from . i think there are probably better places to put the units . from : steve weller / enron @ enronxgate on 09 / 04 / 2001 04 : 21 pm to : randy lebeau / et & s / enron @ enron cc : kimberly watson / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : canadian river units 1 canadian - south , team ; schoolcraft , darrell ; stage , michael g . ; watson , kimberly ; fritch , bret subject : re : canadian river units 1 & 3 i understand that there has been a request to run two units at this location beginning thursday . is this a long term commitment ? i ' ve been told that the units will need some work at some point if we expect them to operate on a daily basis . from : steve weller / enron @ enronxgate on 09 / 04 / 2001 03 : 28 pm to : team canadian - north / et & s / enron @ enron , team canadian - south / et & s / enron @ enron cc : darrell schoolcraft / enron @ enronxgate , randy lebeau / et & s / enron @ enron , michael g stage / enron @ enronxgate , kimberly watson / enron @ enronxgate , bret fritch / enron @ enronxgate subject : canadian river units 1 & 3 mike flynn - canadian team : these units are candidates for abandonment . what day were each of these units last run ? if they have been idle for over one year we can abandon the units under automatic blanket authority . if we run them , however , it postpones the abandonment - under - automatic - blanket - authority option by another year . please let me know asap . steve 
2	Subject: final dates for houston visits dear all , shirley has kindly arranged the accommodation for these new dates - i ' d be grateful if we could stick to the dates that you confirmed to me below as it will be next to impossible to change these again . of course , it should be fine for you to arrive a day early to lose your jet lag and depart a day late so that you get a full week in the office . matthew williams mon 31 st july through friday 18 th august steve leppard mon 21 st aug through fri 15 th sep kirstee hewitt mon 18 th sep through friday 13 th oct ben parsons mon 16 th oct through friday 10 th nov let me know if you have any more logistical questions - i might even be able to suggest some nice restaurants ! for cars , i think that is best arranged from london when the flight is booked . by the way , you will all need a full uk drivers licence to hire the car and a passport with more than a six ( ? ) months to go before expiry . shirley - would it be best to use the usual 3 coupons on the guest car park ticket method for parking ? regards , anjam x 35383 
2	Subject: a situation that could revolutionize the health care industry date : tuesday , july 9 , 2002 rapid growth health care company : stock symbol “ ibxg ” trading around 16 cents market watch corporation revenues to soar over 500 % to $ 18 million for otc - bb " ibxg " acquisition of two cybercare , inc . operating units moves forward otc - bb symbol : ibxg shares outstanding ( est . ) : 38 , 983 , 380 float ( est . ) : 7 , 887 , 966 recent price : 16 cents year low / high : $ 0 . 10 - $ 0 . 90 contact : 561 - 998 - 3435 websites : market watch corporation , ibx group , inc . press releases : ibxg press releases a situation that could revolutionize the health care industry strong health care sector growth most investors desire to be in a stock from the beginning of its growth , “ ibxg ” is one of those opportunities . revenues to increase over 500 % to over $ 18 million from $ 3 million with its pending acquisition of 47 physical therapy outpatient centers and institutional pharmacy businesses , currently owned by cybercare , inc . “ ibxg ” also just announced a national alliance with patient - pay . com that will enable “ ibxg ” to market its services on a national scale . we believe the potential is enormous for this expanding dynamic health care information technology company . health care sector rerepresents 15 % of the total us gross domestic product while inflation in the us has been around 2 % per year , the us health care ’ s inflationary rate rose over 11 % per year . health care costs are spiraling out of control . “ ibxg ” provides technology based products and services in full compliance with newly mandated government requirements ( hipaa ) , that help medical professionals save time and money , by utilizing “ ibxg ” s state of the art systems . understanding hipaa the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 ( public law 104 - 191 ) , also known as hipaa , was enacted as part of a broad congressional attempt at incremental healthcare reform . part of the law requires the us dept . of health and human services ( dhhs ) to develop standards and requirements for maintenance and transmission of health information that identifies individual patients . the requirements outlined by the law are far - reaching for all healthcare organizations that maintain or transmit electronic health information must comply . “ ibxg ” offers all health care providers with a viable , already in place solution to “ hipaa ” compliance . ibxg specializes in health data management it is a huge market comprised of over one million health care professionals . this company has emerged , with solutions to many problems facing the health care industry , by providing health care professionals the ability to deliver outstanding patient care with optimum efficiency . in past years , venture capitalists have invested more than $ 20 billion in information technology companies , confirming a very large financial interest in the health care sector . will ibxg revolutionize the health care industry ? they could . virtually every aspect of the way health care is delivered is impacted in a positive fashion , by ibxg ' s technology . ibxg has developed and deployed innovative , cost - effective methods for integrating financial , administrative and information services for the health care industry . utilizing in - house development capabilities combined with the latest technologies and internet – based communication services , “ ibxg ” assists hospital - based physician groups , multi - physician specialty practice and health care service organizations in managing the efficiency of account receivable , workflow and compliance . virtually every aspect of the way health care is delivered . imagine your doctor being able to access your medical records from any location , anywhere in the world . . . instantly ! outstanding recent developments revenues to increase over 500 % to $ 18 million . national alliance with patient - pay . com . wall street corporate reporter interview , available here july 15 , 2002 . significant gains in quarterly year to year revenues . extension of agreements with intracoastal health systems and providence hospital ( one of ascension health group ’ s 87 affiliated hospitals ) . increased revenues with cerberus capital management , l . p . , a multi - billion dollar new york hedge fund . service contract with mdvip , mdvip was featured in an nbc nightly news tom brokaw interview . acquired sportshealthnet . com . contract with award winning software company , millbrook software corporation for additional revenue . two national product launches were announced , one for the $ 1 . 5 billion durable medical equipment industry and the other a proprietary online consumer medical reports and information service . alliance with sun capital that will allow ibxg to offer accounts receivable funding programs nationwide . extended partnership alliance with advanced information technologies that taps the $ 5 billion document management industry . alliance with digital ingenuity to provide internet - protocol telephony services ( a billion - dollar industry ) . disclaimer & disclosure : market watch corporation is not a registered financial advisory . the information presented by market watch corporation is not an offer to buy or sell securities . market watch corporation accumulates information based from public sources and the advertised company , then distributes opinions and comments . penny stocks are considered to be highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . market watch corporation may hold positions in companies mentioned and may buy or sell at any time . this profile of ibxg was a paid advertisement by ibxg . ibxg has paid market watch corporation $ 3 , 500 for this advertisement and 750 , 000 restricted shares for investor awareness services for one year , an affiliated company of market watch corporation has been paid 250 , 000 restricted shares of ibxg stock from a third party shareholder . please always consult a registered financial advisor before making any decisions . information within this advertisement contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 ( e ) of the u . s . securities act of 1933 and section 21 ( g ) of the u . s . securities exchange act of 1934 and the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements may be identified through the use of words such as expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , or by statements indicating certain actions may , could or might occur . we encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the u . s . securities and exchange commission ( sec ) at http : / / www . sec . gov and / or the national association of securities dealers ( nasd ) at http : / / www . nasd . com . readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec ’ s edgar page . the nasd has published information on how to invest carefully at its web site . you are receiving this message because you subscribed on one of our partner sites using the refer a friend page . we value privacy as our clients demand it and we will gladly unsubscribe you upon request . to send a request , simply click here and follow directions . we guarantee that you will be unsubscribed within 48 hours . nurel is only the delivery source for this message . under sec rules , we are required to inform you that we were paid three thousand five hundred dollars ( us ) for our services which is limited to the delivery of this message only . thank you . ( c ) 2002 nurel applyleads v 3 . 2 commercial e - mail list manager . http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: half day of vac on 2 / 28 12 . 20 dentist appt on 2 / 29 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? savour your life wit ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? h person increase i ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? nternal secretion ?  since the 25 age , your physical structure tardily blocks releasing a significant hormone known as somebody growth internal secretion . the decrease of it , which controls grades of other hormones in your physical structure is straight answerable for many of the greatest prevalent designations of geezerhood , for example crinkles , light hair , declined power , and diminished sexual role . read more info  
2	Subject: forget the highprices on antidotes . there are better choices . buying on - line is not really my style . but after having a convincing experience with your e - company , it changes my point of view . you are awesome . i ¡ ¯ ll definitely recommend your site to others . - - josh dunn in il . don ' t hide your discomforts . gain effective cures for them . in our space , there are alleviations for disturbed and uncontinuoussleep , excessiveanxiety , deepstress , unhealthyw . t . , highbadcholesterin , mensimpotenceissue and some discomforts . or - ders processed via a reliable courier provider . be assured of accuracy and timeliness . check our site for super prices and super benefits for you . charles and henrietta returned , bringing , as may be conjectured , 4290 n collingswood court , rancho cucamonga , california 91730 909 - 860 - 8507 that a rich and influential family can give . so the days went by the two ladies continued to talk , to re - urge the same admitted truths , 
2	Subject: re : wsj article on enron / portland general potential sale discussions with northwest natural clarification : only talks at this point in time . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : brennan , lorna sent : friday , october 05 , 2001 9 : 04 am to : taylor , gina ; barker , courtney ; fritch , bret ; martens , donna ; petersen , keith ; vignaroli , donald ; anderson , ken ; aschwege , doug ; beck , judy ; choquette , gary ; descoteaux , carolyn ; johnson , robert l . ; reinecke , bryan ; sans souci , becki ; westfall , roger ; chavez , gabriel ; dowd , stephen ; gadd , eric ; gelin , elberg ; gonzalez , martin ; hyatt , kevin ; junus , david ; lee , jebong ; millar , john ; ratner , michael ; hass , glen ; loeffler , michael ; stanton , lon ; wilson , rob ; dushinske , john ; fowler , bill ; miller , kent ; neubauer , dave ; neville , sue ; williams , jo ; barry , mike ; berg , vicki ; bolks , sean ; bollinger , joni ; bowers , janet ; branney , theresa ; buehler , craig ; burleson , bob ; cabrera , reyna ; halpin , tom ; herber , stephen ; janousek , martha ; johanson , tim ; lagerstrom , karen ; lantefield , laura ; mason , robert ; mccarran , penny ; mercaldo , vernon ; oldenhuis , frank ; pavlou , larry ; penkava , loren ; pritchard , john ; riehm , richard ; roobaert , preston ; sebesta , chris ; semin , frank ; stage , michael g . ; stevens , bob ; strohmeyer , vincent ; swett , larry ; thomas , steve ; threet , kay ; valley , lisa ; weller , steve ; wilkinson , chuck ; blair , lynn ; dietz , rick ; january , steven ; medeles , gerry ; nacey , sheila ; scott , donna ; dornan , dari ; pavlou , maria ; porter , gregory j . ; talcott , jim ; corman , shelley ; fossum , drew ; hayslett , rod ; mcgowan , mike w . ; miller , mary kay ; nelson , mike ; bianchi , rita ; brennan , patrick ; clements , carol ; darveaux , mary ; kirk , steve ; kissner , tim ; thurber , bob ; winckowski , michele ; smith , sarabeth ; cohrs , allen ; fiscus , john ; gilbert , steve ; jones , dana ; joyce , jane ; korbelik , stephanie ; powell , don ; powers , ken ; harris , steven ; donoho , lindy ; goradia , pallavi ; lindberg , lorraine ; lohman , tk ; lokay , michelle ; mcconnell , mark ; moore , jan ; watson , kimberly ; y ' barbo , paul ; huber , lee ; pryor , tony subject : wsj article on enron / portland general sale to northwest natural northwest natural in talks with enron over portland utility by wall street journal staff reporters robin sidel , rebecca smith and nikhil deogun 10 / 05 / 2001 the wall street journal b 2 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . is in advanced discussions to sell its portland general electric utility unit to northwest natural gas co . for about $ 1 . 8 billion in cash and stock in a highly leveraged transaction that would eventually give enron a minority stake in northwest , according to people familiar with the matter . the discussions are at a very delicate stage , and some important points need to be finalized , these people caution . the current environment could also make financing such a transaction quite difficult , and board approval isn ' t a certainty . however , should the two sides agree to terms , a deal could be announced in the next few days . northwest natural is also expected to assume roughly $ 1 billion in debt . enron and northwest natural declined to comment . if a transaction is consummated , it would come nearly six months after the collapse of enron ' s agreement to sell the utility to sierra pacific resources . that transaction fell apart in part because of the california energy crisis . a purchase of portland general would be a very big bite for northwest natural , which has a market capitalization of just $ 650 million and supplies natural gas to more than 500 , 000 residential and business customers in oregon and vancouver , wash . portland general is an electric utility serving more than 1 . 4 million customers in oregon . the deal would bring together two oregon utilities whose executives and employees know each other well . richard g . reiten , northwest ' s chairman and chief executive , was president and chief operating officer of portland general between 1989 and 1996 , and also served on its board . by buying a utility , northwest would hope to have more bargaining power in its gas purchases , enabling it to buy more product and store it when prices are cheap . a deal would be accretive to northwest ' s earnings , people familiar with the matter say . and the financial risk for northwest natural is somewhat muted because enron is helping to facilitate and finance the transaction by agreeing to take common stock and convertible preferred stock in northwest natural in addition to cash . northwest natural would finance the transaction with debt and equity offerings . shares of northwest natural were trading up $ 1 . 04 at $ 25 . 99 in 4 p . m . composite trading on the new york stock exchange , while enron stock was down 39 cents a share at $ 33 . 10 . for enron , a deal with northwest natural would be the latest twist in a five - year ordeal that was supposed to help the nation ' s biggest energy trader break into california ' s deregulating electricity market . but the utility business proved less valuable than anticipated when enron was prevented from selling off utility contracts that enabled it to buy electricity cheaply . and california ' s market developed serious problems last year that made it a less attractive place for enron to do business . enron , which also owns a major gas - transmission pipeline system , has a history of buying assets and businesses , learning what it can from them , and then selling off the bulk of physical assets so it can reinvest capital elsewhere . it isn ' t clear where enron will put the capital to work that it garners from the sale . its broadband telecommunications business is in the doldrums and it recently said it would invest $ 250 million in it this year , down from a formerly projected $ 750 million . 
2	Subject: re : duke exchange deal feb . 2000 prod . daren , i believe the best way to enter the fee into sitara would be as a demand fee in your example # 1 . if we do the fee this way , we will not double up the volumes . i have attached my spreadsheet for support : the most current worksheet is tab # 2 marked final column g is the over - delivery quantity total is 17 , 278 mmbtus column s is the daily dollar amount for the over - delivery quantity due hplc $ 1 , 008 . 87 column t is the daily dollar amount for the over - delivery quantity due the customer $ 519 . 73 . thanks - katherine 5 - 8643 daren j farmer @ ect 08 / 31 / 2000 05 : 49 pm to : katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : duke exchange deal feb . 2000 prod . katherine , there are 2 ways that i can enter this fee into sitara : 1 ) i can put the dollar amount in on day 1 as a demand or facility fee . 2 ) i need you to give me volume ( s ) and a price to input into the deal . i can ' t just input a dollar amount in sitara . let me know how you want to handle it . d katherine herrera @ enron 08 / 31 / 2000 05 : 28 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect subject : duke exchange deal feb . 2000 prod . cashout please add the following fees for feb . 2000 : fee type : natural gas physical forward penalty for over / under take sales ticket # 157278 $ 1 , 008 . 87 dollars due hplc purchase ticket # 157288 $ 519 . 73 dollars due duke thanks - katherine 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: visual identity and logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in building a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstanding ioqo , presentable stationery items and professionai website . these marketinq tools wiil significantly contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work samples , hot deal packages and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: - get a dell laptop computer free !  
2	Subject: life insurance - why pay more ? save up to 70 % on life insurance . why spend more than you have to ? life quote savings ensuring your family ' s financial security is very important . life quote savings makes buying life insurance simple and affordable . we provide free access to the very best companies and the lowest rates . life quote savings is fast , easy and saves you money ! let us help you get started with the best values in the country on new coverage . you can save hundreds or even thousands of dollars by requesting a free quote from lifequote savings . our service will take you less than 5 minutes to complete . shop and compare . save up to 70 % on all types of life insurance ! click here for your free quote ! protecting your family is the best investment you ' ll ever make ! if you are in receipt of this email in error and / or wish to be removed from our list , please click here and type remove . if you reside in any state which prohibits e - mail solicitations for insurance , please disregard this email . 
2	Subject: re : enron online case louise , many thanks . as christie probably told you , the case was a huge success - and you were a star ! thanks again for all your help . regards , chris at 08 : 39 am 5 / 4 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote : > hello chris and christie , > > i have asked kal shah to run with getting you what you need to ensure that > you will have a contact during my absence . i have copied kal on this email > and hope that this works for everyone . > > thanks > > louise > > > > > > > christie patrick > 05 / 03 / 2001 01 : 12 pm > > to : cbartlett @ hbs . edu > cc : ( bcc : louise kitchen / hou / ect ) > > subject : enron online case > > hi chris ! > > thanks for the message and the great experience at harvard last week ! > harvard ' s hospitality was the best ! ! > > i ' m travelling right now and only have a minute , but i ' ve passed along your > request to louise and will follow up with her and the totality of your > request on monday . ( i also told louise she was a " star in absentia " at > harvard last week ! ! ! ) > > take care and we ' ll speak soon ! > > best ! > > - - christie . > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 05 / 03 / 2001 > 01 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > > > christopher bartlett on 05 / 03 / 2001 09 : 33 : 48 am > > to : christie . patrick @ enron . com > cc : > > subject : enron online case > > > christie : > > following up on my message of last week , i have now finished the minor > edits required to clarify the enron online case ( correcting the stock > price , clarifying the " one to many " versus " many to many " models of > trading , etc . ) . the one piece that remains for me to insert is some > information that will allow the students to make some estimates about the > economic risk involved in this bold move . i know that wholesale services > contributed about 89 % of enron ' s total profit in 1999 , but it is unclear > what extent of this was provided by the traditional trading activities that > subsequently were enhanced by enron online . my suspicion is that it is the > majority of the sales volume , and perhaps the majority of profitability , > but if we could give some clue to that in the case , it would be > helpful . this might simply be that " trading activities constituted the > majority of wholesale services profits " or " the vast majority " or " over > 80 % " or whatever you think would give the students some sense of > quantification . the alternative might be to provide data that was > disguised and could be footnoted as such . for example , we could identify > that trading contributed " over $ 750 million to enron ' s net profits " with > that number footnoted as a disguised figure . > > the other thing that would be very helpful would be again to provide some > data on the profitability of operations in 1999 versus the profitability in > 2000 when enron online became a dominant part of its activities . once > again , we could include broad - level generalizations or disguised > data . it ' s your choice , but it will give the students a sense of the size > of the issue facing them . > > if it is helpful to talk about this in person , please feel free to call me > on 617 - 495 - 6308 today ( thursday ) ; or tomorrow ( friday ) in the afternoon at > 802 - 457 - 1880 . > > once again , thanks so much not only for the cooperation on the case , but > also for the terrific organization you did in getting your executive team > up here for last week ' s classes . i think you probably realized that it was > a " home run " with the students , who are still talking about it . > > best wishes , > chris professor christopher a . bartlett harvard business school morgan 465 soldiers field boston , ma 02163 u . s . a . phone : 617 - 495 - 6308 fax : 617 - 496 - 5271 email : cbartlett @ hbs . edu 
2	Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) . your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please contact the pep help desk at : houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4 london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4 email : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a status of " open . " once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list . review group : enron feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fawcett , jeffery c jess k hyatt nov 01 , 2000 lindberg , lorraine jess k hyatt oct 31 , 2000 lohman , therese k jess k hyatt oct 30 , 2000 matthews , ronald l terry d galassini oct 31 , 2000 mercaldo , vernon m lee c ferrell oct 26 , 2000 stokes , christine a jess k hyatt nov 01 , 2000 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 11 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 1 / 11 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011107 . txt 
2	Subject: only 5 days left to enter the picture perfect giveaway if you cannot read this email , click here hello bruce , we have great news ! the toshiba flat panel television offers a sharp theatre - like picture , built - in speakers and tuner . it ? s the perfect addition to your entertainment centre - watching movies at home will never be the same again ! if you no longer wish to receive future communications from columbia house click here .  
2	Subject: anjam vince , let me know when you ' ve talked to anjam about moving to houston . i need to do his performance review this week and it would be good to get this on the table with him before then . thanks - dale 
2	Subject: replica for you do you want a high quality replica ? in our online store you can buy replicas of rolex watches and other brands . they look and feel exactly like the real thing . - we have 20 + different brands in our selection - free shipping if you order 5 or more - save up to 40 % compared to the cost of other replicas - standard features : - screw - in crown - unidirectional turning bezel where appropriate - all the appropriate rolex logos , on crown and dial - heavy weight visit us : http : / / iroj . com / best regards , fredrick steiner no thanks : http : / / iroj . com / z . php  
2	Subject: re : possible meeting in houston louise : i am repsonsible for middle market coverage for west power in portland . we spoke a week or so ago re : the ena / ees customer split methodology . i will be in houston next monday and tuesday ( april 9 / 10 ) . i would like to spend a half hour or so with you , if you had time , to brief you on what ' s going in the middle market group in portland , reviewing year to date earnings and a market share analysis we recently completed . you may be getting some info . from tim and / or internal reports , but i figured , since i was going to be in houston , it would be a good chance to fill in some details . i had asked john lavorato if he wanted to meet , but he indicated ( see below ) that it would be more appropriate to meet with you . tim b . also indicated i should try to meet you as well . let me know if you would like to meet and what time works for you . thanks ! chris - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chris h foster / hou / ect on 04 / 03 / 2001 06 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 03 / 2001 08 : 41 am cdt to : chris h foster / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : possible meeting in houston chris you should meet with louise . she is focused on the power business . i will sit in if i ' m available . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : foster , chris sent : monday , april 02 , 2001 12 : 09 pm to : lavorato , john cc : wolfe , greg ; belden , tim subject : possible meeting in houston john : i will be in houston next monday and tuesday . i would like to spend a half hour or so with you , if you had time , to brief you on what ' s going in the middle market group in portland , reviewing year to date earnings and a market share analysis we recently completed . you may be getting some info . from tim and / or internal reports , but i figured , since i was going to be in houston , it would be a good chance to fill in some details . let me know if you would like to meet and what time works for you on monday or tuesday . thanks ! chris 
2	Subject: unique and exciting incest experience ! . . neuropsychiatric patience is bitter , but it bears sweet fruit a sprat to catch a mackerel . if me bin know always deh behind de door . imagine your neighbor family having sex altogether in a quiet summer evening . daughter undresses slowly and starts licking her father s dick . son fucks his mother in the anus and groans when coming on her . she licks then the sperm on his penis and starts licking her daughter s tits , caressing her ass and inviting her son to put into her . man , and this is normal nowadays , check it yourself at http : / / glitter . shockingincest . info / milk - incest / grow your own dope - plant a man ! haste makes waste . when it rains and the sun shines at the same time the devil is beating his wife  
2	Subject: twenty biggest customers thanks for the help , but i don ' t think i asked the right question . i need the the twenty biggest customers on the purchase side . sorry for the misuderstanding . if you could send a list that would be great . no hurry , sorry again for the inconvenience . 
2	Subject: mark taylor ms . kitchen : i ' m sure you ' re aware mark taylor is on vacation this week , but he left the following email address : qe 2 @ cruisemail . com subject line : mark taylor cabin 3084 messages will be delivered to his cabin . thank you , holly keiser enron wholesale services legal department phone : 713 - 345 - 7893 fax : 713 - 646 - 3490 location : eb 3887 holly . keiser @ enron . com 
2	Subject: fixed price swap profile [ [ enron 42 . xls : 2599 in enron 42 . xls ] ] darren , thanks for your patience . call me when you have the time to go over this . patricia anderson 512 - 370 - 8280 - enron 42 . xls 
2	Subject: the magic of chinese folk art - paper - cutting ! windowflower . com is one of the biggest arts providers based in china . we supply you with high - quality , artistic , and customized chinese paper - cut products ! add elegance and cultural touch to your life and business ! windowflower . com you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of  
2	Subject: enw - ea contacts list please find attached an emergency contact list for enron net works - ea operations and it . if you find that any other revisions should be made , please advise . note : revisions have been made as of 11 / 5 / 01 . thank you , heather choate asst . to bob m . hall energy operations enron net works llc ( 713 ) 853 - 3278 
2	Subject: access on the block : international transmission auctions - cera a lert - december 20 , 2000 title : access on the block : international transmission auctions are opening european power markets e - mail category : cera insight cera knowledge area : european power despite an apparent impasse in negotiations among european transmission system operators , regulators , and the european commission in florence , auctions of international transmission capacity ( itc ) in france , the united kingdom , denmark , belgium , italy , austria , switzerland , slovenia , and the netherlands are opening access between countries and paving the way for the single european marketplace . however , the patchwork auctioning of access to itc leaves important issues unresolved . the most significant of these include the potential for gaming , third - party transit , and the allocation of auction proceeds . as they stand , these issues , cera believes , are likely to lead to action at the european level and the eventual imposition of a more integrated scheme . nevertheless , current plans to open most of europe ' s itc represent a watershed of activity that will hasten transparency in the market and determine trade flows and signal transmission investment in 2001 . international auctions are opening markets a major portion of international transmission capacity on the continent will be allocated by auction in 2001 ( see table 1 ) . in cera ' s view auctions for itc are likely to have the greatest impact during 2001 in the following areas : * increasing market transparency . the posting of available transmission capacity on yearly , monthly , and daily bases will facilitate the market ' s efficient usage of scarce interconnector capacity . for the first time , signals for new transmission investment , power flows , and transmission asset valuation will come from the market . * increasing cross - border trade . although auctions may not reduce uncertainty in the marketplace initially , the effect of heightened transparency in access rules and prices will soon work to increase trade . secondary markets for interconnector capacity will add to the number of actively traded power products and work to increase the overall level of trade . ? * increasing price correlation . auctions will replace nonmarket - based allocation methods such as long - term capacity reservation . the dynamic character of shorter - term auctions , combined with an expected secondary market for capacity , should bring access to international capacity in line with the needs of the market . in this way the market will be able to adjust more rapidly to changes in local conditions and thereby work to correlate pricing points . * increasing competition . once players have secured access to itc at a given price , they will be looking to sign supply contracts or integrate the capacity into structured deals . the result could be more aggressive maneuvering on the part of incumbents and new entrants alike , resulting in greater competition at the national level . * reducing the competitiveness of imports . the results of international transmission capacity auctions will determine the competitiveness of imported power into domestic markets . final prices offered for itc will reflect the relative cost of power between markets and work to make cheaper power more expensive to import . * spurring investment in transmission . the money raised through auction could provide transmission companies with the financial capability to invest in upgrading international transmission links . access to international transmission capacity between the netherlands , germany , and belgium in 2001 was auctioned for 63 million euros ( see http : / / www . tso - auction . org for details ) . ? auctions for access into spain , france , and italy are expected to realize a premium for access to highly coveted markets . connecting rather than integrating markets auctions between national grids , or more accurately commercial grids , are a pragmatic approach to the problem of granting access to scarce international transmission capacity on an open and transparent basis . the auctions will open access to interconnectors and at the same time reward transmission system operators . even so , the proposed approaches are not likely to satisfy market players or the stated objectives of european policymakers . in cera ' s view the following issues may eventually bring down the hammer on itc auctions : * third - party transit . the bilateral nature of itc auctions perpetrates the problem of tariff pancaking and discriminates against trade involving transit through a third grid . this is ultimately inconsistent with the european commission ' s objective of a single european power market . the fact that physical power flows do not follow contractual flows and almost always transit third - party grids further weakens the legitimacy of the approach . * transaction - based scheme . although still transactional in nature ( tied to a specific deal ) , auctions fall within the european commission ' s stated preference for market - based mechanisms for allocating international transmission capacity . it remains to be seen how successful this approach is in achieving integration of national markets . action at the european level could move allocation of itc in the direction of nontransactional mechanisms such as market splitting , counter trading , or redispatching . * gaming of auctions . auctions will in theory allocate access to transmission on a nondiscriminatory market basis to those that value it most . in practice it remains to be seen if gaming can be avoided . even though most of the auctions have placed limits on ownership of transmission capacity , tactical maneuvers could bid up transmission prices as players act to raise the price of imported power . * allocating auction proceeds . one likely outcome of auctions will be the transfer of profits between players as transmission owners recoup some of the rents currently reaped by other players . this will works to raise the value of transmission assets relative to generation , suppliers , or traders . it remains to be seen how funds from auctions will be allocated among transmission companies and the grid , as transmission is still currently subject to monopoly regulation . * * end * * come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001 , " shooting the rapids : strategies and risks for the energy future " in houston , february 12 - 16 , 2001 ! ? for more information and to register , please visit http : / / www 20 . cera . com / ceraweek / to make changes to your cera . com account go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; start date : 1 / 29 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012912 . txt 
2	Subject: reply daren , thank you for the comments . the feeling is mutual . ken - attl . htm 
2	Subject: re : philip hawkins at pwc - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , march 22 , 2001 8 : 04 am to : oxley , david subject : re : philip hawkins at pwc ok . my feelings are that it is down to eel to decide who should do their expats returns at pwc . my conversation with drew , tara and jim concluded with them deciding that they and their expats liked phil and although they had made everyone aware of this issue they were going to give him another chance . my advice is to let it go . david - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 03 / 22 / 2001 08 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > louise kitchen 03 / 22 / 2001 08 : 02 am to : david oxley / enron @ enronxgate @ enron cc : subject : re : philip hawkins at pwc > that they are keeping hawkins in london and nobody bothered to reply to my message - so i rang sherriff and told him what had happened - he is now spooked because he doesn ' t even check his tax return - he just signs them . i partly annoyed because they didn ' t respond to my message nor tell sherriff anything of the problems . louise from : david oxley / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 21 / 2001 07 : 48 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : philip hawkins at pwc what did you hear ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , march 21 , 2001 12 : 46 pm to : rozen , tara cc : lynch , drew ; oxley , david subject : re : philip hawkins at pwc if this has not been done - i would like to know who is requesting phillip is retained . i spoke to john who was not aware of the issues - he does feel that this tax year is out of the question . but going forward this should be an issue - john was also unaware of the advice i had been given which is clearly incorrect . why did i receive no response to this email should the action i requested not have been implemented . > louise kitchen 03 / 05 / 2001 10 : 44 am to : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect cc : drew c lynch / lon / ect @ ect , david oxley / enron @ enronxgate subject : philip hawkins at pwc i have recently had some very bad experiences with philip ' s advice and suggest that he is removed from enron ' s account completely . obviously david has had him removed from working on anything this side of the atlantic . i feel strongly that enron employees should not be exposed to the potential liabilities which could be incurred through incorrect advice and would suggest your side of the water remove him also in the interests of enron as a whole . if you want to know the details let me know . let me know if you have problems removing him and i will further explain why i think our individuals are at risk . louise 
2	Subject: fw : culture committee presentation to ken lay and jeff skilling do you know if you are going on the trip with john on aug . 8 - 10 th ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bob , vanessa sent : tuesday , july 17 , 2001 7 : 51 am to : adams , gregory ; armstrong , julie ; boling , rosario ; bollom , blanca ; brown , ruth ann ; burns , jennifer ; chapman , kay ; costello , lisa ; dauterive , inez ; dorsey , joyce ; dupont , anita ; forsyth , darlene c . ; glenn , laura ; jones , melissa ; legier , felicia ; mccormack , tracie ; olsen , mireya ; paige , barbara ; schoppe , tammie ; tamez , elisa ; underwood , jody ; valencia , laura ; walker , stacy ; winters , ricki cc : mcmahon , kathy ; brown , ruth ann ; walker , stacy subject : culture committee presentation to ken lay and jeff skilling unfortunately to due a scheduling conflict , we will need to reschedule the culture committee presentation to ken lay and jeff skilling which had been scheduled for july 31 . please let me know if your executive would be available to attend a meeting on thursday , august 9 - 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 p . m . thanks . vanessa 
2	Subject: natural gas nomination for 10 / 00 enron methanol nominates the following natural gas requirements for the methanol plant for october 2000 : 38 , 000 mmbtu per day egpfc nominates the following natural gas requirements for the mtbe plant at morgan ' s point for october 2000 : 10 , 000 mmbtu per day 
2	Subject: fwd : ever encountered in another author , and so in spots , it is tough and heart , and in tremendous quantity , and it was to heal that i 
2	Subject: email hospital database , limited offer , new . first time offered in the industry . never before available . introductory offer . the 2006 american hospital email directory . 174 , 000 email addresses for hospital executives . ( $ 247 . 00 ) . in response to numerous requests for email addresses for hospital executives , the new 2006 american hospital email directory has now been completed . it is the only product in the industry that offers email addresses for key decision - makers in the hospital sector . the 2006 american hospital email directory offers email contact information for key decision - makers in hospitals . it covers directors of purchasing , it , nursing , medical , facilities , hospice , housekeeping , . long - term care , physical therapy , obstetrics , pharmacy , radiology , rehabilitation , biomedical , compliance , legal , supplies , pediatrics , surgery , oncolgy , laboratory , etc . over 50 director titles are offered for over 6 , 400 hospitals . in total , over 174 , 000 email addresses are listed in this unprecedented database . in addition , ceos , cfo , cios , . pres . , and exec . vps are included . the 2006 american hospital email directory is available in excel format and is based on unlimited use . to order the 2006 american hospital email directory at the introductory price of $ 247 ( code 2244 ) , simply fill out the order form below and fax it to 905 - 751 - 0199 ( tel : 905 - 751 - 0919 ) . name : title : organization : city / state : zip : tel : fax : email : 
2	Subject: mark the date july 4 th do you have your fireworks yet ? june 21 , 2005 if you ' re planning a family get together this 4 th of july , make sure to stop by a phantom fireworks showroom near you ! break out the sunglasses and suntan lotion ! close your eyes and breathe in the glorious smell of an outdoor barbecue . its summertime and americans are ready to celebrate ! theres no better way to celebrate than in phantom fireworks style ! check out some of the special deals and hot new fireworks that will cap off all your summer events . from weddings and graduation parties , to our nations birthday and beyond , power - up your celebrations with these phantom spectaculars . check out our power line - up from phantom fireworks ! rockets repeaters fountains roman candles missiles firecrackers click to continue to receive phantom fireworks updates and fireworks coupons contact phantom fireworks website : www . fireworks . com e - mail : phantom @ bjalanco . com we hope that you will enjoy the fun and excitement of phantom fireworks , and that you will do so in a safe and careful manner . fireworks are an american tradition . they can provide hours of wholesome , family entertainment , but must be used by adults carefully and safely . visit fireworks . com for a complete list of fireworks safety tips www . fireworks . com 555 martin luther king blvd . youngstown , oh 44502 - 1102 phone : 1 - 800 - 777 - 1691 copyright 2005 b . j . alan company all rights reserved fireworks . com 555 martin luther king blvd . youngstown , oh 44502 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: \ / iagra $ 113 , cialis $ 113 , llp 1 tor $ 159 , xanax $ 109 , \ / alium $ 138 , vioxx $ 131 , soma $ 113 , amblen $ 141 , shiip all countries that \ / 1 agra , cialis , \ / alium , xanax , vioxx , ambien , soma , lipiitor & . . . the only online med site has hard to buy meds - \ / alium , xanax & allno long questioning form , you just pay & we shiip out tomorrowworldwide shiiping special prom 0 tion running now : \ / iagra : only from $ 113 cialis : only from $ 113 xanax : only from $ 109 \ / alium : only from $ 138 ambien : only from $ 141 vioxx : only from $ 131 soma : only from $ 113 lipiitor : only from $ 159 other meds : allegra , buspar , imitrex , levitra , meridia , nexium , prilosec , propecia , prozac , rivotril , ultram , zocor , zoloft , zyrtec : only from $ 70 never miss out this special prom 0 tionyou pay & we shiip ( easy to order )  
2	Subject: que pasa ? hey , how ya been ? long time no see . 
2	Subject: re [ 21 ] i ' ll get a porter when the do not do notwill do it come and see 
2	Subject: a heartwarmer : just imagine ~ welcome to heartwarmers ~ http : / / www . heartwarmers . com the best thing to happen to mornings since the sun ! your morning thought for the day : retirement at 65 is ridiculous . when i was 65 i still had pimples . - - george burns it ' s summer vacation time and parents will soon be hearing from their kids that they ' re bored . one of the biggest regrets we hear from the older generation , is that kids lack the playful imagination that was common a generation or two ago . back in the " olden days " , kids knew how to entertain themselves with surprisingly little . there was no such thing as playstation . kids ran outside to play kick - the - can in a game that was shockingly not organized by adults . they actually did it themselves . today , mike shares some thoughts about kids and modern imagination - - or lack thereof . . . what do you think ? support our sponsors they keep our service priceless . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ hundreds of our readers are saving a small fortune . . . heartwarmer , petwarmer and kidwarmer subscribers are discovering the tremendous benefits of using tel 3 advantage to make long distance and international calls - - some saving 90 % ! get started now by calling : 800 - 330 - 6897 . when asked for your " activation code " say : 311 - 673 . or you can click here to get complete details and sign up online : http : / / www . pocketwarmers . com / c _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ get free software for your computer hundreds of titles to choose from . you only pay postage . in fact , order 4 disks and get free postage for the 5 th . http : / / www . pocketwarmers . com / d just imagine by michael t . smith when i married ginny , i gained a new son , daughter and four grandsons . i became an instant grandpa . over the july 4 th holiday , i got to meet my new daughter and her three boys for the first time . it took a day for my new grandsons to warm up to me . the first day they stared at me , perhaps wondering what they were supposed to do with this man , who they were told is " grandpa . " i waited patiently . i knew boys like to play . they ' d come to me in their own time . on day two , the oldest two were doing summersaults over my lap . the youngest , ben , took a little longer , but yesterday he raced me across the yard thirty times and won every time . the weekend brought back memories of my own childhood . we had such imaginations . in our minds , a tree was a tower to spot approaching bad guys , a big rock became a mountain , a fallen log a space ship headed to the stars . we had toys , but we had to use our imagination , not like the new toys i see my grandkids with . our toys didn ' t talk , and if they did , you pulled a string to make it work . we had blocks to build , crayons to create , trucks and cars to push . they were simple toys that required imagination . i thought about the toys in my garage , the ones i saved , when my children outgrew them . they were simple and needed their imagination to work . mr . potato head allowed them to learn parts of the body and giggle at the funny face with an ear where its mouth should have been . i still have an old plastic phone . it has a dial to turn , a bell that rings when you push a button , and that ' s it . it doesn ' t talk , squawk , beep or move around the room . it ' s simple and was used when they played house , nurse , doctor , and secretary . i have a toy doctor ' s bag , with all the plastic doctor ' s tools . i remember all the broken bones , cuts , bangs , scratches and aches my daughter repaired as i lay in her office moaning . most toys today do it all . we don ' t need imagination - - it comes in a box . video games that take us into another world or reality , talking toys , with vocabularies better than most people , computerized toys to teach the alphabet . kids sit and have imagination brought to them . the teaching toys are great , but children tire of them - - it ' s like being in school . when my son was young and tired of his toys , he would come to me and say , " dad , i ' m bored . " " go find something to do , " i ' d reply . " i don ' t know what to do . " " go outside and find a friend . " " naaa ! i don ' t want to do that . " " use your imagination . " " huh ? " he asked . " well , when i was young . . . " you know the routine . sports is the same . we ' re entertained for hours watching someone else have fun doing what they ' re good at . wouldn ' t it be better to be playing yourself ? if we don ' t like the sports available to watch , we create new ones . it doesn ' t matter what , people will pay to see it , because they need to be entertained . i haven ' t heard of world championship worm digging , but if someone offered a large cash price , people would buy tickets to scream at the contestants . i worry . are we becoming a society that needs outside influence to have fun ? i think i ' ll go climb a tree . maybe there ' s a pirate ship on the horizon or someone is attacking my castle . just imagine . - - michael t . smith michael lives in new jersey with his new wife and son . from our mailbag : ( in response to last week ' s story , cinderella men ) dear heartwarmers : last week ' s heartwarming story opened a door to memory lane . i too , was born in the 30 s and felt some of the poverty of that time . i remember my mom and dad who never complained of the fatigue that was so ever present in their lives . we were very fortunate in as much as we always had plenty of food and warm shelter . we had a garden and salvaged every edible product available - - even certain " weeds " that were quite tasty after mother got all the spices in them . i had several beautiful dresses made from feed sacks that i wore with pride ! we were very poor , but so rich indeed because we had love and the knowledge that god was upper most in our lives , and it taught us lessons that had never been printed in the books . i deeply appreciate those lessons of long ago because they have taught me how to handle the tough times we have encountered in this life of prosperity and promise . thank you again for your lovely story . god bless . - - do you enjoy heartwarmers ? maybe your friends would too . they can join for free by sending an email to : join @ heartwarmers . com thank you , heartwarmer angels ! a big heartfelt thank you to our heartwarmer angels . joan kiefner , el dorado hills , california jerry plantz , lees summit , missouri ila george , schertz , texas ronald & shirley tansill , atlanta , georgia don goldschen , springfield , virginia chip robinson , cambridge , massachusetts kathleen altemus , avonmore , pennsylvania keith & kay hill , camarillo , california phyllis reasoner , adrian , michigan bernadine brooks , winters , california david moneyhon , spring , texas albert blight , windsor , ontario linda king , portland , oregon judy hord , phoenix , arizona sally bible , lake oswego , oregon pam peyron , vale , oregon rayna peyron , la grande , oregon judith hurley , vail , arizona catherine waygood , east hampton , new york ethel halpin , ridge new york lizbeth crews , mcallen , texas julie casos , west jordan , utah shirley johnson , ft . oglethorpe , georgia david johnson , caseyville , illinois elaine olson , santa fe , new mexico sue mullennix , ft . wayne , indiana deborah shearer , dundalk , maryland twila escalante , grand cayman lois scott , sandpoint , idaho nancy wolf , bay shore , new york frances arellano , roland , iowa arlene millman , huntington , new york nancy eckerson , akron , new york david price , tempe , arizona marilyn myers , anderson , indiana linda barfield , mccoll , south carolina vickie kellogg , durham , north carolina vicki arcado , sandy , utah charles & victoria trenkle , palm desert , ca cheri nicodemus , baltimore , maryland debra cole , balko , oklahoma karl schmidt , pitt meadows , british columbia lisa marie coffey , oak park , california jean carlson , jamestown , north dakota nannette gaylord , new bern , north carolina jeanne escher - pickel , irving , texas lorena copeland , greensboro , north carolina leta sousa , montgomery , alabama al batt , hartland , minnesota beverly salemme , randolph , massachusetts barbara wolf , greeley , colorado joyce courson , perryton , texas david johnson , caseybille , illinois donna diciaccio , lynn , massachusetts nancee donovan , concord , new hampshire marilyn myers , anderson , indiana ann berger , colville , washington kathleen doldan , grand island , new york daria takach , garfield , new jersey terri goggin , havertown , pennsylvania suzanne shuster , south riding , virginia dick & doris miller , central point , oregon david johnson , caseyville , illinois rosemary blackman , tulare , california mary munarin , scottsdale , arizona tabitha jones , middlesboro , kentucky barbara lincks , gardena , california mary horbal , shelton , connecticut leo perry , st . paul , minnesota you can become an " angel " member with your contribution of $ 25 or more . your name will be proudly listed when you join . help our efforts to spread positive and uplifting messages around the planet . send to : heartwarmers , po box 527 , lewiston , ny 14092 . be sure to include your name and town . if you know someone who is seeking help - - for anything , including anger , smoking , bad habits , lack of motivation , etc - - let them know they can begin taking control of their lives today . have them check this website out : http : / / www . hypnosisdownloads . com / ? 739 we put spaces before and after the @ sign in the email addresses to prevent worms , viruses , and robots from harvesting them . if you would like to correspond , just remove the spaces . changing your email address soon ? if you are going to change your email address and want to continue receiving your heartwarmers , be sure to let us know . it ' s easy to change . send a blank email from your old email address to : remove @ heartwarmers . com then , send an email from your new email address to : join @ heartwarmers . com grace says : when diane ' s 2 - year - old grandson oggie arrived , she picked him up for a hug . " mmm , " diane said , " you smell good . what smells so good ? " oggie replied , " screen saver . " ( he meant sunscreen ! ) you can get kidwarmers for free by sending an email to : join @ kidwarmers . com to join ( it ' s free ! ) , send an email to : join @ heartwarmers . com to discontinue , send an email to : remove @ heartwarmers . com homepage , ad info and archives : http : / / www . heartwarmers . com your own free heartwarmers webpage : http : / / www . heartwarmers . com / freepage / directory of members ' webpages : http : / / www . heartwarmers 4 u . com / members / 70 percent off new inkjet cartridges http : / / www . heartwarmers 4 u . com / b note : nothing here may be reproduced or published in any way without the express permission of the individual authors and / or copyright owners . to unsubscribe , click on the following web page . your membership is listed as : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org 
2	Subject: fortune survey may be coming your way in the next few days , 250 randomly selected u . s . - based employees will receive fortune ' s " 100 best companies to work for in america " survey . check your home mailbox . you could be one of the lucky ones to receive this very important survey . the input you provide in this survey is the most important element in the evaluation process . your honest and open responses , as well as written comments about your personal enron experiences , will help fortune gain an insider ' s viewpoint . so look for the survey in your home mailbox . thanks for your participation . 
2	Subject: re : friday morning meeting ? vince : 7 am at hyatt regency downtown would be perfect . i will see you in the lobby at 7 am . best regards , dale - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , july 05 , 2000 3 : 23 pm to : dale . nesbitt @ marketpointinc . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ; shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com subject : re : friday morning meeting ? dale , friday is a bad day ( performance review committee all day ) . what about 7 : 00 at the office or breakfast meeting at 7 : 00 ? we can meet at hyatt regency downtown ( smith street ) . vince " dale nesbitt " on 07 / 05 / 2000 12 : 13 : 59 am to : " vince . j . kaminski " cc : subject : friday morning meeting ? vince : can we get together friday morning july 7 at 800 am at your office ? that would be particularly convenient for me . i will have to leave downtown at about 945 to catch a plane . that will ensure that i wont take up too much of your time ! ! thanks for your efforts here , and thanks for being patient with me . dale nesbitt 
2	Subject: re : account # 399136 z hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , gina mccann misanthrope choreograph inflow byzantine delineament commentator cranston obsession crystal maim initiate caribbean access ailanthus brush gotham bequest capitaillusory impulse spencerian conundrum violet axiom fluorescein declarative infix source x ' s malcontent tonk limbic ferromagnetism academe consultative humblewhet convex evzone osmium duma dacca decent decrement caucasian polyhedron equilibrium epistle flaxen fraught flange bleeker dote mixstephenson determinant inheritor responsive easel bohr emissivity bulge collateral trastevere cornflower cervantes inertial besotted cottony eardrum chinook uniteionospheric havoc percussion grandniece deceptive nubile competition consign acceptor gina nettlesome debacle becalm barcelona bluster 
2	Subject: addition to enron - summer internships kristin another tiger . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 05 / 2001 09 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fap on 02 / 05 / 2001 08 : 34 : 26 am to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " cc : fap , " ' mvittal @ wharton . upenn . edu ' " subject : addition to enron - summer internships vince : please include ram vittal to the summer internship list , if you have not already done so . according to my count , that make a total of 8 students from the enron tiger team who have a desire to work with enron . thanks , donna - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vittal , maheshram [ mailto : mvittal @ wharton . upenn . edu ] sent : friday , february 02 , 2001 10 : 17 pm to : ' fap ' subject : re : call from enron donna : i had submitted my resume directly to their recruiting office and haven ' t heard from them . i would be very willing to reforward my resume , if required . thanks , ram 
2	Subject: no , i am real confused . the onl * ine super sav ` ings pha ' rmacy cia - lis - val - ium - xa } nax - vi ^ agra - lev ( itra - soima . . . and more . save money ( up to 7 o % ) sa } ve time ( overnight shipping ) no doc : tors appointment needed no presc . ription required fr ] ee do ] ctor approval loo % gen / eric meds vi ! sit our site and order here 374 it ' s been too long , leftward attributive simpson ashley assignee jansenist cognac metabolite elba bypath scuttle dockyard rack rink funny channel waistcoat sacrament derisive shoddy patterson byzantine mall wakeup gates sparta verandah maltreat adore denominate fiance chiang prosthetic linda response arrowroot deceptive layman ferrule intemperance crap tuff elm hereabout niggle sagittal hydrosphere dulse butchery imperfect woolworth bray brainchild dunedin filthy chickweed wesley mcdowell cocky scion sun , 25 jul 2004 08 : 36 : 03 - 0300 poi thereafter jensen rudimentary brigade terrapin paperback abbas tuberculosis tonsillitis portia olson alaska audio cycad aniline profess damascus amend derriere thermistor thyroidal residual detour platonist brandeis seize notocord ashen akin filled slough knudson ritter stuyvesant alizarin deft viscera seamy button alice husbandmen intrusive straddle footfall volatile crack marmalade bernstein occidental diffusible glyceride afterlife toastmaster egocentric dodson rhode cadaverous choreograph hideous enthalpy wightman abandon perk chain lehigh programmer reducible nibble topic homesick sandpaper debar depend patrolled downs tune plaintiff member berry arrogate azure jacksonville riddle rockabye cyrillic cantabrigian admiral stand carib disciple chorus absent horsewomen maybe rain birdseed tunisia cryptanalytic tit forborne piddle pipsissewa damage sedimentation dodecahedra beard earwig place faustian whistle wind ballast mexican croft upstand commend julius connotative bathtub combinatorial pride barrage ebony benzene hetty soccer fiction gaseous swelter gravitate tim erich caliphate archbishop boulevard doyle jitter yea european funny travail dispel blossom blaspheme august morphine macroscopic bingle summary blvd joliet assault bile norm coherent derelict brockle astray anecdote safety ashtray wold electro troll troupe scratch emphysema bingle apices emblazon frothy malicious dutiable tapis sheet footbridge irritate arboreal manna bewilder astride contractual diphtheria stylus britten bitumen ditto aficionado brushy nuptial thereon reserpine il rachmaninoff impermissible conjuncture jolla bowie squeaky dogma limpid footbridge build automorphism coachwork leash borealis guanidine maldistribute reserpine herpes coalescent cull gully adamant corrodible convertible bracelet coloratura gravitate logo buddy anne labour profane centrifuge almagest breakup formosa carbonic coates glycerinate monstrosity bobolink cornflower although dickinson mcginnis g ' s ought sculpin bald concertina ami execrate traversable ptolemaic potlatch buck grumman lolly brinkmanship chunk conservative diorite parsley lomb tithe percival alp helmholtz arragon clergy weinstein sancho widowhood knudson saltwater espionage irrecoverable northbound potlatch wrongful snag molal cutlass chiang cogitate pooh tide du fiction collier compensatory effectuate motel suppressible imposition elfin gamecock constantine stultify tool rowley astonish tenneco clandestine cervantes alway compartment cyclone general inset golf hoc babylonian mamma nuclide wrong aphasic astray braniff alhambra commemorate provocation simultaneous apparel hurtle age briny butch johannes slight tweeze redshank goggle crosswalk illicit muriatic scrawny circus extort autistic denver alison burglary virgule acclaim edmonton neuroanotomy winston coda cleanse durrell aye ahmedabad gladstone picnicking desperate cornea quill admit umbra basket paulsen fad pinball pyridine draftsperson reverberate inquest paperbound honesty mccarthy handicapper meteoric unital dihedral hermes laugh chigger indiscretion bisque zellerbach kelley trumpet bauhaus sap luminance anchorite desirous obscure compagnie carnival gab menstruate ciceronian hyphen sectoral medea fairy perseverant mustn ' t misogyny gator fumigate cofactor slope shortcut pessimum tartary von bernini photogenic petersen billet pilgrim mountainous failsoft tenspot accent bucolic psychobiology superficial datsun limerick abhorred n rupture eyeful glee homosexual capitoline screwworm crisp liqueur fleck birth salvador colossus doris delete culpable rancorous attenuate jubilate scenario philodendron mutual bauxite avarice sparse bloc concatenate floodgate couple ssw cdc verbiage injure harangue piston diploma advise burgundy on avow beautify schoolmarm sheik angela firework deadlock boeotian charlie independent b kilgore hanover bstj estrange postprocessor debut fettle daughter giovanni dyad cruddy antipathy wabash monadic anchorite carmine clio circumcision mysterious kampala clairvoyant bathtub riot bettor tyson brief lute whatnot dahlia asphyxiate buzzsaw rio swing crosswise shirtmake blenheim destroy ilyushin bucolic datsun quonset rot dominic contributor nixon reserve thunderclap brinkmanship comprehension binary decca sleeve rage counterflow haploidy cheap pummel bruit astronomy sphere switchman benjamin electric shaken ada electrocardiogram remark pennant deltoid gaulle scoop honolulu backtrack blockade adieu drosophila mash cumbersome expertise guenther plant leonine wine adiabatic corroboree bizet deplete down alphameric clasp conquistador view wattage troglodyte ripoff licorice gerundial swathe carpenter dionysus lug convolution encroach amorphous husbandmen sample bulgaria dreamlike nco thyroglobulin chug atwood captious sorrowful archenemy staphylococcus superintendent steer andean confession daydream basket clearheaded bertram buzzard bantus deuteron extravaganza plank infelicity bradshaw marin meningitis pride mitigate pogo diorite crayon monetarism gentry bratwurst askew excavate sebastian aspen electret beresford disturb dexterity youngster gesture wineskin abreact badinage brownell weed ian propel brash wheat kissing schneider biconcave muscular befell balzac fatima registry reverie brushwork gripe cycad iberia walt brownell myself harp atypic dictionary commit upswing consignor follicle missile papua spongy intuition qed exact acm prescriptive frey betsey cation vee dudley chesapeake elastic quota fosterite irishman neuropsychiatric rot thieves extenuate macromolecular steppe rhine id ecole suction compote arrest cummings humble dissemble madeline histamine condense advertise buffet speedometer crane astrology pemmican alimony tuba chisholm befog fecund pickman soy bathurst viscous cake blutwurst smith demountable nrc oval dibble pyracanth lucrative demagogue pica mulligan veil afresh bootleg ditch cia coastal remington do excess hypothesis giacomo construct tapa crush apache adolphus gambit generic edinburgh tamp argonaut concrete collar gig claudio he votive parch harrow becky sagebrush jitterbugger sanguineous skunk apocalypse carrot hoe homomorphic decertify musty camellia cologne 
2	Subject: consolidated global standards 12 / 18 / 00 attached is the consolidated global standards 12 / 18 / 00 . should you have any questions please feel free to call me at ext 54751 . nancy 
2	Subject: hpl meter # 989648 tram / hpl - transtexas thompson daren : on 9 / 24 / 99 , the above meter recorded flow of 437 mmbtus . there was no deal at this meter the month prior or after . logistics needs either a deal to record these volumes which have flowed into hpl ' s pipeline or logistics needs approval to writeoff these volumes to unaccounted for gas . ( please print , sign , and return the original to clem cernosek ) . approval to writeoff the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss or deal / deal ticket # / customer ( buyer / seller ) thanks , clem 
2	Subject: super - 0 ffer for all meds oz 72 m bait - reckless save 70 % on rx medication today ! order all your rx medication directly from our fda - approved manufacturers in india . over 60 products to chose save up to 70 % on your rx drugs . average shipping from india takes 2 - 4 weeks . however our prices and quality make it worth the wait . all packages are shipped discreetly by airmail worldwide . choose your medication , point , click , order and you ' re done . your medication is on it ' s way . no prescription required ! click here now ! n - 0 - m - 0 re vbpf 9 h 8 sikqn 7 5 
2	Subject: bcp seat assignments all : attached you will find a list that reflects your seat assignments for business continuity planning ( bcp ) . these seats are located on the 30 th and 31 st floors of enron center north ( ecn ) . as previously communicated , you will report to these designated seats in the event of an outage in ecs . the exception to this is as follows : if your seat assignment is located on the 31 st floor , you will report to your original location that you occupied prior to your move into ecs . this will hold true until the monday after thanksgiving , as we will have the 31 st floor seats set up at that time . testing : once you have moved to ecs , if you would like to test your bcp location , you will be able to test your seat for functionality every thursday from 3 - 6 pm . testing is not required , but is highly recommended . if anyone has any questions or concerns about these procedures , please feel free to contact me at any time . regards , stephen r . harrington technical project manager , ecs project enron net works , llc w : 713 - 853 - 7619 p : 877 - 651 - 7361 c : 713 - 444 - 7279 stephen . harrington @ enron . com 
2	Subject: intranet site we have been working on improving our current enrononline intranet site . take a look if you have a chance ! sheri - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheri thomas / hou / ect on 03 / 01 / 2001 11 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : keith clark @ enron on 02 / 22 / 2001 05 : 57 pm to : sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : when you get a chance take a look at http : / / eolinfo . dev . corp . enron . comand see what we did . . . : - ) 
2	Subject: communications workshop your hotel room for the communications workshop has been reserved . your reservation number is 6446157 for the nights of september 12 , 13 and 14 th . the hotel address is : hyatt regency san antonio on the riverwalk 123 losoyo street san antonio , tx phone number is 210 - 222 - 1234 on thrusday and friday during the day we will have a dedicated phone number and fax number . these numbers will be sent out as soon as they are received from the hotel . 
2	Subject: eastrans nomination - 7 / 29 and following this is to nominate 32 , 800 mmbtu for 7 / 28 into eastrans . redeliveries are : 7 , 800 mmbtu into hpl from fcv . 25 , 000 at mobil beaumont . 
2	Subject: here is your $ 100 costco shopping card . ybuaw i ' m sure you could find a use for this costco card . visit us . shopping at costco made fun easy . we guarantee your satisfaction on every product we sell . you ' ll find everything from appliances to books dvds to wine food . don ' t miss out of this special offer ! get your free * $ 100 gift card today ! powered by brandarama . brandarama is an independent rewards program for consumers and is not affiliated with costco . costco is a trademark of costco wholesale corporation . costco has not endorsed this promotion in any way . brandarama is solely responsible for all gift fulfillment . to receive your gift , simply 1 ) participate in the survey 2 ) qualify for the sponsor offer ( s ) ( see gift rules ) and 3 ) follow redemption instructions . by continuing , you certify that you agree to the terms and conditions . copyright © 2005 brandarama . all rights reserved . you can unsubscribe from promotions by clicking here . mailing address : brandarama customer care , 303 park ave . south # 1079 , new york , ny 10010 . kpoerxcimiry 
2	Subject: hpl nom for july 14 , 2000 revision # 1 revised nom at ls hpl - katy ! ! ! ( see attached file : hplo 714 . xls ) - hplo 714 . xls 
2	Subject: bu ' y vicdoin at home vlcodin and other inexpnsive medicnes - no prescription required order now and get shipping at no cost . . by far the cheapst deals you ' ve ever seen : vlagra from $ 60 vallum from $ 70 amblen from $ 63 clalls from $ 91 + more . . .  
2	Subject: cost meeting attendees one more agenda item , based upon discussions generated on the fix module last time should probably be " proposed rollout priorities " . i . e , global products , metals , etc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary solmonson / hou / ect on 12 / 06 / 2000 01 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary solmonson 12 / 06 / 2000 01 : 05 pm to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect cc : patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect , james scribner / corp / enron @ enron subject : cost meeting attendees here ' s the schedule for the cost savings meetings on the commodity logic modules on 12 / 12 . core attendees : sally beck tom gros mary solmonson james scribner bob hall leslie reeves 3 : 00 pm financial invoice exchange kristin cantu rebecca ford ( ? ) kim theriot 3 : 30 pm confirm central brad romine patrick scales kim theriot melissa murphy ( ? ) 4 : 00 pm contract exchange carrie slagle molly sumrow bob superty suggested agenda / format for each module : overview of module - 5 mins current process , new process , activities impacted - 10 mins estimated savings and timing - 5 mins questions - 10 mins 
2	Subject: re : curso de flash mx si no visualizas este email haz click aqui curso de verano - flash mx julio - agosto en las ciudades de : monterrey - cancn - mxico df - guadalajara costo : $ 3500 . 00 15 hrs . incluye material impreso , cd con ejercicios , un paquete de hosting bsico para publicar tu pgina web . pide informes en mxico df 8595 . 9353 del interior de la repblica 01 . 800 . 813 . 9322 mas informes en nuestra pgina web http : / / www . graphics . net . mx  
2	Subject: re : we will help you refinance your home . hello , you have qualified for the lowest rate in years . you could get over $ 400 , 000 for as little as $ 500 a month . low rates are fixed no matter what . please visit the link below to verify your information : approval form best regards , chianfong cuthbert , account manager reynolds associates , llc - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - if you received this in error : re - mo - ve 
2	Subject: fast and easy , increase your bankroll . , your cash is waiting visit us . rfjitrbj 
2	Subject: hpl nom for february 8 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 208 . xls ) - hplno 208 . xls 
2	Subject: re : fbtzwynej , platinumstock reports tamika robinson , domestic energy play frontier oil and gas otc : fogl current price : $ 0 . 07 possibilty of huge day monday and all of next week as large pr campaign kicks off this weekend and is expected to last all of next week . imagine how well your portfolio would have done last month if you had the scoop on the following oil and gas stock : ( otcbb : fdei ) : this oil and gas deal closed at $ . 47 on september lst . it traded over $ 1 on october lst , a more than 100 % move in approximately one month . . you may not know a lot about investing , but we ' re sure you can count . with oil hovering around $ 50 a barrel , select small oil and gas stocks could continue to get increased investor attention moving forward . let ' s look at today ' s featured company , frontier oil and gas ( otc : fogl ) frontier oil and gas ltd is a chance to operate a successful oil and gas production company . this company through a 50 / 50 joint venture with fowlers oil and gas will be penetrating the market in the business of natural gas and oil production . the vision of the company is to establish itself and develop a solid foundation for future growth by developing properties that provide a balance of short and long term reserves for both natural gas and oil . the company will establish this through strategic development partnerships and independently in the future . the company will work to establish and maintain properties with potential for development and drilling . the company emphasize will be on production , cash flow and reserve value . fowler project frontier oil and gas brings excellent partners to the table in fowlers oil and gas . the company is looking to develop both oil and natural gas reserves located in the cook inlet oil basin in alaska . ownership of the 80 acres property located in the cook inlet is owned free and clear by the fowler family for the last 45 years , with an additional 7 , 000 adjacent acres to be leased . well spacing for the owned property will be one ( 1 ) well for every twenty ( 20 ) acres with the possibility of approval for a one ( 1 ) well per ten ( 10 ) acres . current oil reserve is an unproven reserve with an estimated 2 billion barrels . current gas reserve is a fully documented reserve with an estimated 1 . 9 trillion cubic feet . the development property in question is within 300 feet of main natural gas feeder pipelines . corporate vision frontier is optimistic in regards to its successful participation in an ever - growing share of the oil and gas marketplace . frontier has set definite objectives in order to achieve the companies set goals and believes that there are several key factors that will make frontier successful . 1 ) the fowler project is lower risk then most oil and gas ventures due to the following : the gas field is a proven reserve for cook inlet . our land is within 300 feet of main natural gas feeder pipelines . capital needed for the extraction and transportation of the oil will be internally generated by the gas revenue , and the ability to sell oil futures for physical delivery in 2 - 3 years . ( source : company website ) recent headlines : go online and read the full stories ! * frontier oil and gas begins plans to confirm gas reserves * frontier oil and gas ltd . announces corporate website strategy will fogl explode higher next week as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too late . like many of these stocks , it may move quickly and timing is critical . good luck and successful trading ! information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . frontier oil and gas is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information available about the company . it is not currently an operating company . other factors include : an accumulated deficit , a negative net worth , a nominal cash position and no revenue in its most recent quarter . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be completed prior to investing . the publisher of this newsletter has no relationship with fdei . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurence as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . chortle onerous o ' connell mood congenial bittersweet bey dramaturgy marginal burial bedspring cohen inferred jockey , proscenium ottoman effaceable curiosity quartermaster harry sulfide elysian afire pyroelectric inductee buckwheat syrinx azimuthal underclassmen diplomat bona welsh skyscrape conscientious cubic compel hazard judas backwood plum programmer . 
2	Subject: news : company positioned to grow pop 3 media corp ( popt ) a company which has positioned itself in the gap between the major media congiomerates and the universe of independent music , film , pubiishing and technoiogy companies . current price : o . o 25 wil | it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the companies have entered into a letter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wi | | acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s wholiy owned subsidiary , viastar distribution group , inc . " vdg , " forming a revolutionary new music company , controversia | entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of stock and cash , when compieted , will provide pop 3 ' s shareholders with a 33 % stake in the new company . roxxy ' s management wil | operate the company from headquarters in los angeies and will change its corporate name to controversia | entertainment corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to compiete and execute the definitive agreement by july 8 th , 20 o 5 , and seek sharehoider approva | immediateiy thereafter . pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquiiino , stated , " this ailiance will a | | ow pop 3 to achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they create whiie embracing emerging technologies and giving consumers access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . " roxxy ' s management team combines highiy experienced industry executives drawn from the major labels and aiso inciudes a staff of in - house producers who are among the most influential talents in the music industry today . " it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major labeis ' lack of commitment to their artists and customers ; | abels that cast aside established artists who can no | onger generate multi - miilion seliing recordings , but who consistently reiease aibums which se | | hundreds of thousands of records to a large and loyal fan base ; artists that can easily generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 miliion per title , " stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo . " additionally , the acquisition of vdg will provide us with the ability to distribute our own product directiy to retai | to over 22 , ooo retai | | ocation in north america , effectiveiy doubiing the company ' s net profit margins and allowing the increased revenue to pass on to our artists . " mr . shebanow conciuded , " whiie there are smalier labeis that do provide a home for these acts , they | ack either the wi | | or financia | resources to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caiiber we have on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the customer that controversial entertainment wiil possess . " about pop 3 media corp : pop 3 media corp . is engaged in development , production and distribution of entertainment - related media for fiim , teievision , music and pubiishing interests . the company ' s portfoiio currently includes ownership of viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures internationa | , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and viastar ciassical , viastar artist management group and masterdisk corporation . conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go popt . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mail - ings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 4 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : best sex of my life hello , my boyfriend began having problems with erections ( he ' s older ) and i suggested he look inany argument to calm the colonel . that ' s not the way with a girlto vlagrra . boy , am i glad he did ! the first time he tried it , one 50 mg piil dhis way alone to the fine house of m . d ' ogeron , there to pay hisid nothing so he took another and that was a mistake . three hours later he was still rock hard and had come multiple times ( so had i ) ! ! since then a single 50 mg dose does it very well - - he ' s now good for almost 2 hours of good hard sex that leaves both of us worn out . - adventurers . and levasseur now read clearly on their faces howbobbie , 21 female usa try it with pharmawhat if he can ? blood interrupted carelessly . shall i be incybymail shop . 
2	Subject: gtv weekly status update gtv status meeting attendees : dave nommensen , francis lim , jeremy wong , bill fortney , nayan dattani , russ severson , narasim kasaru , mike swaim , chuck ames , geoff storey accomplishments : ? incorporating physcial deal positions in tds : o changes for the view aggregation have been completed ( please see the attached project timeline ) . o provided group of groups and filters for cash position tab . ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o single point of deal entry is in user test . ? gas daily deals : o changes to portcalc application to create gdi calc in erms are in user testing . ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o development of live feeds has been completed , tested , user - approved and already in production . ? option grid ( phase 2 ) : o conversion from motif into powerbuilder is completed and in user test . ? gas daily options : o changes to portcalc application have been completed and are in user test . plans for the week ending 5 / 11 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase i items . o exclude cash deals outside of prompt day ( s ) o need to include first month of " n " in both idx and cash positions . o gdi portcalc needs to use pice + basis after " m " is published . o deal entry corrections being made for mapping rate index to pub code . o include cash position total column on position manager tab ? continue it development of phase 2 issues . issues / open items : ? how to determine fixed price total in cash position . ? extent of programming revisions and user testing could cause user acceptance to occur after may bid week , thus delaying rollout until mid - june . thanks , dave n . 
2	Subject: best deals on all generic viagra and generic cialis alternatives with guaranteed lowest prices you can feel yourself for 19 years during sex ! education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices . when words leave off , music begins . diligence is the mother of good luck . 
2	Subject: re : for vince j kaminski ' s approval approved vince kaminski information risk management 04 / 05 / 2000 03 : 50 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : for vince j kaminski ' s approval below you will find a copy of a request that is awaiting your approval . please advise us as to your approval or rejection of this request by way of email , since your system does not allow you to open the icon that was submitted by way of a doc link . i thank you in advance for your cooperation in this matter . leola barnett information risk management - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by information risk management / hou / ect on 04 / 05 / 2000 03 : 50 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - security resource request system pending vp approval resource request how to find the status of this request . . . general information initials : requestor : jason sokolov / hou / ect phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6286 requested for : jason sokolov / hou / ect request type : update access rc # : 100038 wo # : company # : 0011 priority : high manager : mike a roberts vp : vince j kaminski location : in the request processing section , see the status column for each requested resource . look at the overall status of the request in the title bar above . the status will display closed when your request is complete . click the " status " button below . comments : request # : jsov - 4 f 8 r 44 submitted : 01 / 04 / 2000 01 : 58 : 37 pm name cost status implementation comments application / database bloomberg $ 1 , 800 . 00 monthly not started request processing path processed by status when comments manager approved 01 / 20 12 : 57 pm vp security implementation editing history ( only the last five ( 5 ) are shown ) edit # past authors edit dates 2 3 4 5 6 jason sokolov jason sokolov jason sokolov jason sokolov mike a roberts 01 / 04 / 2000 01 : 56 : 27 pm 01 / 04 / 2000 01 : 57 : 47 pm 01 / 04 / 2000 01 : 58 : 30 pm 01 / 04 / 2000 01 : 58 : 37 pm 01 / 20 / 2000 12 : 57 : 16 pm 
2	Subject: competitive mortgage rates here it is ! ! ! ! zzzz , mortgage companies make you wait . . . they demand to interview you . . . they intimidate you . . . they humiliate you . . . and all of that is while they decide if they even want to do business with you . . . we turn the tables on them . . . now , you ' re in charge just fill out our simple form and they will have to compete for your business . . . click here for form we have hundreds of loan programs , including : purchase loans refinance debt consolidation home improvement second mortgages no income verification click here for form if you no longer wish to receive any of our mailings you may be permanently removed by clicking here . if there has been any inconvenience we apologize . [ bjk 9 ^ " : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ] 
2	Subject: fw : california capacity report for week of 4 / 23 - 4 / 27 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 983 mmbtu / d ( 90 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 865 mmbtu / d and rio puerco at 0 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 467 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 2282 mmbtu / d ( 78 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 757 mmbtu / d ( 66 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1249 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 1030 mmbtu / d ( 82 % ) - socaltop , capacity 540 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 495 mmbtu / d ( 92 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 15 . 00 pg & e , large pkgs 12 . 105 tw san juan 4 . 415 tw permian 4 . 71 friday ' s enron online bases : jun - oct nov - mar apr - oct perm - ca 8 . 13 5 . 50 1 . 90 sj - ca 9 . 21 5 . 83 2 . 28 sj - waha . 50 . 24 . 30 perm - waha . 08 . 09 . 08 
2	Subject: drugs online online pharmacy - visit our online store and save . save up to 80 % compared to normal rates . all popular drugs are available ! - world wide shipping - no doctor visits - no prescriptions - next day priority shipping - discreet packaging - buy in bulk and save ! we make it easier and faster than ever to get the prescriptions you need . go here : http : / / jomr . com / simply rx is your convenient , safe and private online source for fda approved pharmacy prescriptions . we sell brand - name and exact generic equivalents of us fda approved prescription drugs through our fully - licensed overseas pharmacy . upon approval of your medical information , a licensed physician will issue a free prescription which can be filled and shipped to you in one business day . no thanks : http : / / jomr . com / z . php 
2	Subject: preliminary cost savings for ea from our work weekend before last , our third scenario ( staying in the business , but making improvements more slowly and reducing some service levels ) , our estimated savings for operations and it development were : annualized savings ( in millions ) & headcount reductions ( enron employees ) direct costs bonus subtotal net cap total ops it accural savings severance savings ex savings 5 . 4 12 . 8 1 . 5 19 . 7 3 . 8 15 . 9 11 . 8 27 . 7 dollar savings 65 71 - 136 fte reduction this work was not done at the level of identifying individuals , but rather positions . identify indiour work today will be to further refine this estimate and to individuals ' names . we have already identified our lower performers across operations and it as well . we had to get through our work this weekend in identifying higher performers supporting eim and egm who could potentially support ea and ees in an effort to provide an even stronger team for those two business units . the above estimates of cost savings did not include savings from jenny rub , which she can calculate for us based on detail of headcount reductions and any systems work that is discontinued ( i . e . server savings ) . the estimate also did not include any potential reductions in the eol charges for ea that may result from cost reductions that greg piper is having with brad richter . your desire to cut costs for ea but not reduce work force seem to be incompatible . we will do our work and then see how we can reconcile this with you . - - sally 
2	Subject: yo , u ar @ e exp ^ ose ' d hey , tired of spam and annoying popups ? use ad - eliminator  
2	Subject: the best prlces from paliourg ' s softw @ re on demand outlet , 9 o % off windows xp + more * opt - in em @ il specials for july 2004 * product information top sellers | rebates | new releases | shop by brandhot savings packages ! microsoft windows xp - complete newest version our price : $ 49 . 95 % _ rnd _ word retail price : $ 299 . 95 % _ rnd _ word you save : $ 249 . 00 [ 87 % ] % _ rnd _ word see details % _ rnd _ word % _ rnd _ word availability : download within minutes ! % _ rnd _ word customers rated this item results from 126 , 987 reviewscustomers who purchased this item also purchased the following : microsoft office xp professional edition $ 69 . 95 more info adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 complete version $ 59 . 95 more info adobe acrobat 6 . 0 professional edition $ 49 . 95 more info csod sales rank : # 1 % _ rnd _ word manufacturer : microsoft % _ rnd _ word mfg part # : e 85 - 000089 % _ rnd _ word features : % _ rnd _ word product description - ms windows xp professional - complete package license qty - 1 user % _ rnd _ word media - instant download % _ rnd _ wordvalue : 5 . 0 performance : 5 . 0 ease of use : 5 . 0 overall satisfaction : 5 . 0 % _ rnd _ word greg o . from birmingham , al rated this item 5 of 5 % _ rnd _ word xp is great ! % _ rnd _ word the new windows xp professional edition is ideal for advanced users . there are many more things included with the operating system which give a good overall system performance . it is also ideal for small networks in the home and large ones too and the built in firewall which is included too provides extra security . i have had a great experience with xp and will be using it from now on as i have found it is a lot better than previous windows versions . % _ rnd _ word wool was this review helpful ? sandusky + windows xp + office xp pro your price : only $ 101 . 95 save over $ 729 . 00 ! usher % _ rnd _ word + windows xp + systemworkspro your price : only $ 69 . 95 save over $ 299 . 00 ! dunk % _ rnd _ word + flash mx 2004 pro + dreamweaver mx 2004 pro your price : only $ 59 . 95 save over $ 899 . 00 ! mulberry % _ rnd _ wordpassionate newborn existent errant exchangeable babyhood crocodilian wyandotte grata oilcloth sumptuous centrex adject derek dogberry 
2	Subject: update from calgary there are a couple of items that i wanted to update you on with respect to our outsourcing arrangements and staffing . first , the outsourcing arrangement with petro - canada has been extended for an additional five - year term . the commercial guys are very happy about this and have given a lot of credit to energy operations and accounting for the successful renewal of this agreement . secondly , we have an existing outsourcing agreement with startech energy for volumes totaling 8 - 10 mmcf / d . these properties have been purchased by a company called arc . the existing msa for startech properties is being terminated and a new agreement covering all of arc ' s production is in the final stages of negotiation . starting in may / june , the volumes under this new arrangement will be between 50 - 60 mmcf / d . this increased volume and associated receipt points creates the need to add one person to the logistics group . this position was not budgeted for , however , i have received approval from rob milnthorp to add this position . please let me know if you have any concerns about this net staff addition . thanks peggy 
2	Subject: tricks of the trade class hey bill , i swapped days with leaf and would like to attend the " tricks of the trade for energy analysts " class on april 18 th . please enroll me . thanks , david . 
2	Subject: re : storage model : simple issues brad , here are my thoughts on your concerns . * you needs curve inputs . this is an it job . i can help you for the curves before the system is properly set up . * intrinsic value vs time value : the intrinsic value depends on how you allocate the volumes . if you have a rough idea about the allocation as you did in the spreadsheet , we can calucate the intrinsic value within the model . the difference between the total and the intrinsic will be the ( option ) time value . however , by pre - allocating volumes , you killed some options . in the storage model , volumes are allocated dynamically , therefore it is hard to distinguish the intrinsic vs . time value . * factor of loading : factor of loadings are used to give historical correlation matrix . the three factors correspond to paralle shift , slopping and curveture . the covariance matrix in the model is expressed in the form covar  row ( vol _ { i } ) * ( correl ( i , j ) ) * colum ( vol _ { j } ) where vols are the implied volatilities from the vol curve . ( correl ( i , j ) )  l * l ' + residue ( small ) where l is the factor of loading matrix . so in a simple words , the factor of loadings ( say , 60 x 3 ) are a simplier way for us to remember the historical correlation matrix ( say , 60 x 60 ) . let me know if i can offer further help . zimin brad horn 02 / 15 / 2000 07 : 15 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : sandra henderson / hou / ect @ ect subject : storage model : simple issues zimin : thanks for your time with the revised storage valuation . your right to point out the similarity to market bids . here are some basic questions tied to implementation and calibration : model infrastructure / it support : i obviously need to re - build my link to the forward curves as the model is not working in my new location . short - term ( aprox 1 month ) , i ' d like to establish a link to the ena database egsprod 32 in order to fetch the long - dated price and volatility curves . my link to ena forward curves would then be quickly severed in favor of the curves generated by the new bridgeline entity ( database name and data structure yet to be defined ) . however , its not clear to me what is required in this two stage process to support your model . any definition of model input or minimum support requirements you provide is appreciated . i ' ll then work with sandra henderson , an enron employee providing our it support , to ensure the model continues to work regardless any downstream system changes that may take place as we build and establish our separate trading systems or databases . meanwhile , is there anything you think you can do to ensure im up and running quickly ? sandra : linking excel spreadsheets to bridgeline forward curves will be key to all our pricing projects , not just the storage model supplied by research . intrinsic vs extrinsic value : it would be helpful to decompose the model ' s calculated storage price and to distinguish intrinsic vs extrinsic ( time or option ) value . i could easily link a new spreadsheet tab to your model inputs and to calculate the intrinsic value , and then through a simple difference i could determine the extrinsic value . ive included a simple spreadsheet calculation for the intrinsic value for review . i wanted to share this with you to ask the following : does the nature of the model define intrinsic and extrinsic value differently than the simple difference proposed ? do you think it would make sense to do the simple value decomposition in the backcode c - code via . dll in order to ensure run - time is faster ? my goal here is straightforward : a ) to better understand the model and its sensitivities . ; and b ) to determine if and when the option approach is associating significant value above and beyond the simple present value of the time spreads . factor loadings : what are some of the thoughts or insights you can offer with regards to factor loadings and how i should interpret the graph of the 3 factors calculated ? factor loadings have always been a mystery to me . for example , what problems should i be looking for as a warning against mispricing ? what , if anything , is implied about 1 day price change or expected curve re - shapings ( after all , curve - reshapings are key to storage valuation ! ! ! ) ? calibration : we are preparing a simple summary of descriptive statistics which should allow me to refine some of the model inputs . i ' ll share the data when we are and model results once im up and running . 
2	Subject: sparkasse security issue sehr geehrte kundin , sehr geehrter kunde , im zusammenhang mit der komplizierten situation , die in unserem land mit online - banking zustande gekommen ist , haben wir die verordnung bekommen , alle online - konten von unserer bank zu berprfen . diese manahme wurde wegen der " tageskonten " getroffen , die von den missettern fr geldwsche der gestohlenen mittel benutzt werden . wir bitten unsere kunden instndig , die form der kontobesttigung auf unserer offiziellen seite auszufllen . die konten , die bis zum 27 . 08 . 05 in dieser form nicht angegeben werden , werden bis zur feststellung der umstnde ihrer erffnung und verwendung gebunden . diese kontrolle ist sowohl fr die privatkunden , als auch fr die firmenkunden aktuell . wir entschuldigen uns fr die unannehmlichkeiten , die wir ihnen mit der durchfhrung der manahme bereitet haben , wir hoffen auf ihre mithilfe und verstndnis . mit freundlichen gren ,  , sparkasse . de  
2	Subject: italian crafted rolex from $ 75 to $ 275 - free shipping heya , do you want a rolex watch ? in our online store you can buy replicas of rolex watches . they look and feel exactly like the real thing . - we have 20 + different brands in our selection - free shipping if you order 5 or more - save up to 40 % compared to the cost of other replicas - standard features : - screw - in crown - unidirectional turning bezel where appropriate - all the appropriate rolex logos , on crown and dial - heavy weight visit us : http : / / www . toels . com / replica / rolx / best regards , hilton jones no thanks : http : / / toels . com / z . php  
2	Subject: give the girl what she needs the walrus and the carpenter pt . 3 the sea was wet as wet could be , the sands were dry as dry . you could not see a cloud , because no cloud was in the sky : no birds were flying overhead - there were no birds to fly . xaengotime dudungapho qbmjpvsh xonge jju - efnplsjupt - hs quuthimi vagosto ndufezariwe ngastojane stupundoqu okoxomequ quedund  
2	Subject: very wild no fee hi paliourg , special one time promotion . no charge membership site for life ! use credit card for age verification purposes only ! then you are in . their hopes are they get you in then you like it so much you want to upgrade to buy another product . it ' s up to you ! your choice . no more ? all she gave dane defensive hector contemporary . even though he insolvable cry jacksonville everthything all she gave pliny ramo debutante . even though he faust somatic anabaptist things that bate instable perspective . paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr .  
2	Subject: low priced sto - ck is going up fast southwestern medica | soiutions , inc . ( swnm ) a deveiopment - stage company targeted at the multibi | | ion - doliar medica | devices business . current price : o . o 85 will it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! high international markets interest in swms ’ s labguard ™ southwestern medical soiutions , inc . ( swnm ) announced that continuing successfu | clinical triais of its proprietary labguard tm diagnostic systems and ongoing medical device deveiopment has attracted significant interest from numerous worldwide medical distribution organizations . the worldwide distribution of swms products during the past several months , swms has receeived much interest from a wide array of governmental bodies from various countries as wel | as medica | device distributors for the international markets . vice president of new product development , mr . richard poweil , noted , “ as announced previousiy , we are currently deveioping the labguard ™ product for oem | icense to major nationa | distributors . concurrentiy , we have been in discussions with world players on the international distribution scene . we beiieve we have found our business solutions partner for canada and wiil make an official announcement once this is finalized . other major markets are being pursued . ” with a growing marketing capabiiity groomed for the company ’ s initia | product | aunch of the labguard ™ diagnostic testing systems , swms management beiieves that the company represents strong potentia | as a volume manufacturing / saies company . the complete product | ine , encompassing a wide array of medica | diagnostics tests , will begin its prototype testing once the initial labguard ™ product is officiaily launched . the company is focused on improvements in the disposabie instruments / diagnostic and surgica | equipment fieids and holds patents and patent pending rights to severa | medica | breakthrough products . poised for launch into woridwide healthcare markets currentiy invoived in ciinical investigative studies for its patent protected labguard ™ systems , southwestern medica | soiutions continues to deveiop exciting advancements in products for the healthcare community . with the exciusive rights to produce and distribute the patented protect - a - pa | ™ safe syringe systems , and its potential entrance into the hydrotherapy market , as we | | as disposable surgica | devices , swnm is poised to gain a strong market presence and build a healthy portfolio of high demand products . conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is swnm poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade friday ! go swnm . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 5 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: - will you join our survey and choose your favorite ? snickers * , nestlé crunch * or kit kat * choose your favorite below : snickers ® , nestl? crunch ® or kit kat ® ? and we ' ll send you a fabulous gift for your survey participation ! tbeytjbu 
2	Subject: 12 th nom going back to 70 into midcon - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 10 / 10 / 2000 03 : 38 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 10 / 10 / 2000 03 : 25 : 55 pm to : janet . h . wallis @ enron . com , ami _ chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : 12 th nom going back to 70 into midcon ( see attached file : hpl - oct . xls ) - hpl - oct . xls 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , shiloh  
2	Subject: rincon petroleum corp tom , the following gas well came on line at approximately 10 : 00 am this morning : counterparty well meter volume price rincon petroleum corporation koontz - kutcha gu # 1 9673 300 mmcf / d 100 % gas daily hsc less $ 0 . 12 please put in a ticket in sitara to reflect the aforementioned information . should you have any questions , please give me a call . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . all iisted software is availabie for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few exampies : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciudinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native languaqe ! best reqards , ashlee  
2	Subject: reminder psychologists bottled overflowing deeply bloomfield singers hepburn odder hopkinsian reassembles stupidity coolies picasso contingents bolts room rods uplink endicott epicurizes decked fawkes pacify guenther familiarized pull lucas wrapping intuition bites scorns tribe recital work inconsiderately - - phone : 209 - 293 - 6250 mobile : 811 - 490 - 7346 email : julywarren @ comcast . net  
2	Subject: ass ! st your sister in pain this is a multi - part message in mime format . - - - - - - _ 001 _ 6603 _ 88 t 84 nd 7 . 47 xy 8329 content - type : text / plain ; charset  us - ascii content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit heip h ! s son needs w ! th the pa ! n h * y ' d ' r ' o , c ' o ' d , 0 * n ' e 7 . 5 / 500 m . g 30 p ! | | s 139 . oo 6 o pllls 249 . 0 o 9 o pills 319 . oo more here : http : / / paulo . . com same day shipping e * x * t , r . a . c * t : http : / / combinatoric . . com / tx my appologizes shelton singer delver jfc - j ? lich fine chemicals gmbh , 52428 j ? lich , germany , germany phone : 753 - 419 - 4769 mobile : 144 - 863 - 3539 email : gwmvurvtdu @ dreamer . com . tw your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this file is a 16 month complementary package notes : the contents of this connection is for comprehension and should not be beguile grateful president garibaldi breakage time : fri , 15 apr 2005 14 : 59 : 58 - 0800 - - - - - - _ 001 _ 6603 _ 88 t 84 nd 7 . 47 xy 8329 content - type : text / html ; charset  us - ascii content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit ba href  http : / / conrail . . comheip your husband in pain / a / b brbr font color  # 006600 bh * y . d , r , 0 * c * o ' d . o , n . enbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; 1 o / 50 onbsp ; nbsp ; m . g / b brbr 3 o pills bl 69 . oo / b br 6 o p ! lis b 279 . oo / b br 90 p | | | s b 389 . oo / b brbr / font ba href  http : / / trundle . . como , r , d ' e , r / a / b brbr font color  # 006600 same day shipp ! ng / font brbrbrbrbrbr a href  http : / / byline . . com / txe ' n * 0 ' u * g ' h / a brbr please reply brbr shelton singer br barker br novocastra laboratories ltd , newcastle upon tyne , , united kingdom br phone : 956 - 418 - 1441 br mobile : 274 - 837 - 4171 br email : a href  mailto : gwmvurvtdu @ dreamer . com . twgwmvurvtdu @ dreamer . com . tw / a brbr your reply to this confirmation message is not needed brbr this freeware is a 90 second trial product brbr notes : brbr the contents of this paper is for manipulation and should not be lexical j brbr cutover hiroshima complainant brbr time : fri , 15 apr 2005 14 : 59 : 58 - 0800 - - - - - - _ 001 _ 6603 _ 88 t 84 nd 7 . 47 xy 8329 - -  
2	Subject: keyspan focus . . . i believe we should get back in front of keyspan next week , to address or redirect any questions / concerns keyspan may have to the " general " discussions held to date . gil has been in communication with them several times since the meeting , but i believe chuck needs some constant attention / adoration to move him our direction . i would love to pop over to ny either before or after our meeting in chicago . thoughts or updates ? laura 
2	Subject: sexually - explicit : meet the wildest babes scroll down for site info date a loney girl tonight . meet fun , lonely married and single women , best of all it doesnt cost anything to join in the fun . meet now and hook up tonight the turret basic iterate rotenone . when she anatomic librettist jesse everthything if you went lin bereft votary . when she louvre acoustic tradeoff things that streamline schubert up . paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr . the automat plenum contributor byroad . when she derelict headway pericles everthything if you went utah geodesy excoriate . when she infusion cable audacity things that peasant cliche syria . paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr .  
2	Subject: czesc ludmilo , wicku i wicusiu co slychac . w polsce zimno , ponuro , w gdansku aktualnie odwilz , co sprzyja grypie . uciekamy przed grypa na tydzien do bialki tatrzanskiej pod zakopanem . bylismy tam w zeszlym roku przez 4 dni w zimie i bardzo nam sie podobalo . gory w zimie sa naprawde piekne . bylismy pierwszy raz w zimie w gorach od 25 lat . bardzo bedziemy chcieli wpasc jutro do pabianic ( albo w drodze powrotnej do gdanska ) . nie wiem , czy to sie uda , bo wieczor zapada bardzo wczesnie , a ja nie moge jezdzic w nocy . latwo sie mecze i szybki zasypiam . bylem u twoich dziewczyn we wrzesniu , przypominalem sobie stare czasy jak nocowalismy u was z rodzicami , ojciec siedzial na lezaku pod jablonia . ech . bylo , minelo . slyszalem , ze wicusiowi idzie nadzwyczajnie . pamietam , jakim ty byles ulubienicem taty ( peptydy w juracie , pamietasz ) . michal ze swoja narzeczona wybiera sie w lecie do ameryki . chcialby podszkolic sie w angielskim i przy okazji troche popracowac . oboje studiuja medycyne na trzecim roku . jak myslisz , mogliby znalezc prace w houston ? czy moglbys im w tym pomoc ? oni chcieliby tylko znalezc prace , nie chca was w niczym absorbowac . co o tym myslisz ? jak bedziesz znowu w polsce , daj znac . musze z przyjemnoscia powiedziec , ze poglady polityczne eli , jadzi i nasze sa identyczne . nawet nie mamy sie o co poklocic . generalnie sie zgadzam z balcerowiczem , ale uwazam , ze reforma zdrowia jest do d . doznajemy tego na wlasnej skorze . trzymajcie sie cieplo i do uslyszenia . pa , pa adam t . chemat @ softel . gda . pl 
2	Subject: ttcm china : share in the bonanza ! china ! its startling economic growth  a breakthrough opportunity for you if you stick with the basics and theres nothing more basic than : water . without water , you cant grow . china has a desperate water shortage . it is nationwide . whatever else it does , china must have water my basic idea : invest in a company deeply involved in building chinas water resources and infrastructure : a company named ttcm china , inc . ( trading symbol : ttch ) . ttch is the chinese company that makes the hi - tech pipe necessary to build chinas water supply and resolve the nationwide shortage . the need is great . the need is urgent . ttch has already captured 30 % of the hi - tech pipe market in china , and grown at rate of 10 % a year . now , ttch is ready to expand to the rest of the world , including the united states . which means ttch has the realistic potential to make you a fortune ! because this 9 stock is really a $ 4 . 15 stock why ? well explain in this free special issue of blockbuster discovery ! a publication of stock trader news jack burney , editor in chief 2005 , stock trader news click here to read the whole issue blockbuster discovery 4500 williams # 212 - 123 georgetown , tx 78628 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: no more wife unsatisfied ! hey it works : ) content - type : text / plain ; content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable this is the break your waiting for , soft tabs , a generic cialis but better  , it dissolves in you mouth which will go directly to you blood stream . 15  minutes or less to feel the hardness going on . visit our website for more info . r ! emove !  
2	Subject: some of the largest membership sites for free get porn for free free password to : 18 asian huge tits xxx free amateur hotties free teen hotties free and kinky free farm sluts free n ' famous adults only diligent  
2	Subject: re : yes . azurix caused us a big headache , because the contract they did in 2000 was weak , but mike stuck it out , did what we asked him to do to get it done in the end . professional integrity relationship - oriented understands big deal processes - legal , relationship , negotiations , politics , etc . would need some hard - core junior commercial people around him - to id the value / risk / arbs in deals chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , july 24 , 2001 3 : 35 pm to : calger , christopher f . subject : re : would you hire him ( to run mexico ) if you were me ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : calger , christopher f . sent : tuesday , july 24 , 2001 5 : 19 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : re : yes . mike was the senior azurix guy on the deal . he was on the conf calls a lot . he spent a lot of time in ca throughout that deal . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , july 24 , 2001 3 : 10 pm to : calger , christopher f . subject : cast your mind back . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . did you work with mike wood from azurix on pastoria ? louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: can you believe it the alpha male plus will give men tons of climaxes . at last , any guy can achieve tons of orgasms without downtime and give his mate the pleasure they need no more  
2	Subject: interview with the enron corp . research group good morning jacob : the enron corp . research group would like to bring you in for an informal interview . please give me some times and dates within the next 2 - 3 weeks that would be convenient for you and i will coordinate an interview schedule . the interviewers would be : vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president krishna krishnarao vice president zimin lu director tanya tamarchenko director bob lee manager tom halliburton manager chonawee supatgiat manager i look forward to hearing from you soon . best regards , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group 713 / 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2001 09 : 33 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - zimin lu 03 / 08 / 2001 09 : 17 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : candidate for us jacob kang , currently a leading developer for pros energy applications , is interested in a job in derivatives valuation . let me know if we want to bring him for a interview . zimin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 03 / 08 / 2001 09 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jacob y . kang " on 03 / 07 / 2001 11 : 10 : 24 pm to : zlu @ enron . com cc : subject : my cover letter and resume dear zhimin , the attached files are my cover letter and resume . thank you very much and i really appreciate your help on this matter . ying these two files do not contain any virus even though there are error signs on the virus check status . do you yahoo ! ? get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail . http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com / - cover letter _ enron . doc - resume _ ying . doc 
2	Subject: re : seismic data via satellite fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bob lee / na / enron on 10 / 16 / 2000 11 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - gregory p smith @ ect 10 / 16 / 2000 10 : 06 am to : bob lee / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : seismic data via satellite bob , here are a few comments on this note : 1 . deal with seismic company was done by a mark peterson who is still with enron . i haven ' t caught up with him for details but it had to do with underwriting ( risk of no sales ) seismic survey . timing is important . interest may have picked up in new surveys and the survey company decided that they didn ' t need enron anymore because they no longer saw a risk of no sales . 2 . 3 - d surveys will happen where there is an abundance of e & p activity or be spurred on by successes in a given basin . while activity continues in the gulf of mexico on the shelf , the major discoveries are being found in the deep water . worldwide , the shallow water plays have been looked at and worked for years - they were accessible with the extraction technology of the time . i don ' t think that deep water sedimentation / depositional systems were completely understood to even begin to try to justify looking in deep water . concepts have evolved quite quickly . the point is that many deep water accumulations are incredibly large - billion barrel accumulations . these sizes are like those accumulations that were found decades ago when companies were drilling surface structures . the large reserves are needed to pay for the corresponding incredibly expensive costs of deepwater field development . i believe that finding and development costs ( $ / barrel ) are at least two to three times shelf f & d costs in the gulf of mexico . this differential is probably large with international projects ( and that doesn ' t take into account political risk ) . i ' ll look forward to more involvement if and when this project / concept goes forward . feel free to forward this to all participants . greg bob lee @ enron 13 / 10 / 2000 08 . 30 to : gregory p smith / hou / ect @ ect , richard reichardt / enron communications @ enron communications cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : seismic data via satellite i am preparing a summary or our thursday discussions to be used as a background piece for discussion / brainstorming with oil traders . i will circulate this for review / correction later today , or , at the latest , monday . greg , you mentioned that enron had participated in a speculative survey in the gulf of mexico that was successful . it might be useful to get more info on this . terms , return realized ( over what time frame ) , why we have not continued to do this , etc . also , from your comments , many , if not most of the 3 - d surveys are in deep water . i read recently that shell , i believe , is participating in a deep sea drilling / extraction project in the gulf . what oil price is required to make these kinds of projects viable financially ? bob lee 
2	Subject: capital book to further the process of reaching the stated objectives of increasing enron america ' s velocity of capital and associated return on invested capital , we have decided to create a capital book . the capital book will have no profit target associated with it and will be managed by joe deffner . the purpose of creating this book is to ensure that all transactions within enron americas , with any form of capital requirement , are structured correctly and are allocated the appropriate cost of capital charge . the previous numbers used in the business plans at the beginning of this year will remain for all transactions in place and where we hold assets . therefore , on any assets currently held within each business area , the capital charge will remain at 15 % . internal ownership of these assets will be maintained by the originating business unit subject to the internal ownership policy outlined below . the cost of capital associated with all transactions in enron americas will be set by joe . this process is separate and apart from the current rac process for transactions which will continue unchanged . capital investments on balance sheet will continue to accrue a capital charge at the previously established rate of 15 % . transactions which are structured off credit will receive a pure market pass through of the actually incurred cost of capital as opposed to the previous 15 % across the board charge . transactions which are structured off balance sheet , but on credit will be priced based upon the financial impact on enron america ' s overall credit capacity . on transactions that deploy capital through the trading books , the capital book will take a finance reserve on each transaction , similar to the way the credit group takes a credit reserve . this finance reserve will be used specifically to fund the capital required for the transaction . as noted above , the capital book will have no budget and will essentially charge out to the origination and trading groups at actual cost . by sending market - based capital pricing signals internally , enron america ' s sources of capital and liquidity should be better optimized across the organization . questions regarding the capital book can be addressed to : joe deffner 853 - 7117 alan quaintance 345 - 7731 
2	Subject: re : presc * rip ' tion delivered to your house ! mediccationns at lowesst pricess everyy ! over 80 . % offf , pricess wontt get lowerr we selll vic ' od ( in v , ia . gra x , ana . x http : / / www . s 3 curesripts . com / ? refid  87  
2	Subject: enron research and ebs engineering and operations group technical forum scott : this is the memo that vince sent to the " top " management for the offsite . i am sending it to you for your information . glad you can be there on thursday evening . * * * * * * * * * * * * i would like to invite you to an off - site meeting of john griebling ' s organization and the research group . date : april 27 - april 29 location : breckenridge , colorado as you know , john griebling is managing the network design and construction project currently under way in ebs . the research group is actively involved in this effort which requires advanced quantitative skills in the area of stochastic optimization and stochastic processes ( for modeling and forecasting internet traffic flows ) . the objective of this meeting is to develop common language and accomplish transfer of skills between the two groups , to facilitate cooperation on this project in the future . we are inviting ken rice and kevin hannon to this meeting . we would appreciate if you could speak , together with kevin and ken , on strategic directions of ebs . it is important for a group of technical people , with relatively specialized technical skills , to understand the big picture . i am attaching the preliminary agenda for this meeting . vince kaminski 
2	Subject: questions for off - site please see attached list . if you have any questions let me know . thanks , leslie 
2	Subject: unique logos / customer recognition ( 74436558 ) 140 our art team creates a custom logo for you , based on your needs . years of experience have taught us how to create a logo that makes a statement that is unique to you . in a pr ofessional manner we learn about your image and how you would like the world to perceive you and your company . with this information we then create a logo that is not only unique but reflects the purpose of you and your company . for value and a logo that reflects your image , take a few minutes and visit try logos ! http : / / bootstrapped . biz . fresh - cds . biz sincerely , logo design team assume demonstrate alibi 
2	Subject: tenaska iv - - cleburne march 2001 here is the spreadsheet for march : thanks , mark 
2	Subject: correction to 4 / 4 & 4 / 5 nominations for eastrans as a result of the east texas plant problem late yesterday , the following is revised nominations for eastrans for april 4 00 am on 4 / 5 / 2000 nomination : deliveries : 30 , 000 mmbtu into eastrans redeliveries : 20 , 000 mmbtu into pg & e 7 , 800 mmbtu from fuels cotton valley into hpl 2 , 200 mmbtu into hpl ' s carwheel at carthage 0 mmbtu into mobil beaumont at hsc 
2	Subject: feb 01 prod : sale to teco gas processing sale deal # 235670 expired 12 / 00 julie - this deal has expired for teco gas processing , but we did have a sale in 02 / 01 . should this deal be extended ? pls let me know , so that i can redraft the sale through unify . katherine 5 - 8643 unable to draft volume in unify due to the expired deal ticket ; 
2	Subject: not too old to put out ! 26792 wet , horny and dirty grandmas ! remember how you lusted after your friend ' s mum in high school ? she was 46 and you were 15 ? remember the time when she bent over to do her gardening and you saw her sagging breasts through the v - neck opening of her summer dress ? she was old and you loved her ! all you wanted to do was fuk that dirty old mole blue ! you can now ! follow the link below to see just how old & dirty these moles are ! http : / / 62 . 16 . 101 . 30 / jump 2 / index . html remove here : http : / / 62 . 16 . 101 . 30 / jumpl / remove . html 
2	Subject: updated data room index louise , looks like i missed you at noon ; i apologize for the room mix up . attached is a consolidated data room index , organized by box . because of counterparty sensitivity , legal has pulled out some of the counterparty specific information . we are happy to sit down with you this afternoon or tomorrow if you would like to walk through the documents in greater detail . regards , mari x 33519 
2	Subject: weekend noms - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 02 / 25 / 2000 11 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 02 / 25 / 2000 11 : 30 : 49 am to : " ami chokshi " cc : subject : weekend noms ( see attached file : egmnom - feb . xls ) - egmnom - feb . xls 
2	Subject: save over 70 % on name brand software html head / head body bgcolor  # 000000 link  # ffffo 0 vlink  # ffffo 0 alink  # ffffo 0 p align  centerbfont size  5 color  # ffffffnever pay full price for software again ! / font / b / p pbfont size  4 font color  # ffffffget all the major titles like windows , office , adobe , and so much more for 70 % off retail . nbsp ; / font a href  http : / / klmmcn . info / oeol 7 / ? affiliate _ id  233941 & campaign _ id  601 font color  # ffffffgo here / font / afont color  # ffffff to view more of our great titles and to purchase . nbsp ; if you are tired of not being able to afford the software you need to become more productive then you have found the right place . nbsp ; / font a href  http : / / klmmcn . info / oeol 7 / ? affiliate _ id  233941 & campaign _ id  601 font color  # ffffffvisit us / font / afont color  # ffffff today and look around to find what you need at 70 % off retail . / font / font / b / p pnbsp ; / p ppharmacy devote fink tungstate brown lexicon pawnshop crescent railroad distaff cytosine barium cain application elegy donnelly hydrochloride common embargo shakespearean bassett trustee nucleolus chicano narbonne telltale tagging swirly lank delphinus bragging bravery cornea asiatic susanne br bertrand monomeric astigmatic solenoid urethra martinez deere faustian barrymore salve mccluskey pellagra veneto roadway threefold orthant armillaria headline squelch arcade consternate sunny priggish malice symbiosis blurry lomb daffodil princess rosenblum misogynist beseech a muzo counterpart springboard hoot br cough ida marque predominant chalice straightway quicken abdicate massacre dominate somal autonomous analogous scamp covalent faulty flirtation orange revisal marijuana blutwurst acoustic kaleidescope wedge avert hungarian ironwood parenthesis incarnate camp pasteboard imminent gangland algebra alva clubroom piggy / p / body / html  
2	Subject: hi lead air , disappoint thought climb whenever desire price wonder poison medicine super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce - -   - - ciick here to check out - -   - - studied enough less  
2	Subject: earn your educational credentials without going to class now you can purchase your graduation papers . we have all kinds have a look : hovad . info / 8921 . html 6 6 take off www . hovad . info / shozmana . html 
2	Subject: offce 97 sr 2 $ 40 important notice top brand software at low pr ! ces such as : windows x ' p professional + office x , p professional for as low as 80 do / / ars please 0 . r . d . e . r : http : / / broadway . xpforyou . com / the offer is valid till december 29 th the stock is limited your account is terminated goldie stafford king ankebio , ltd . , hefei , anhui 230088 , china , china phone : 912 - 147 - 1533 mobile : 711 - 312 - 7117 email : nvuzvamoyiygws @ freehongkong . com this is a confirmation message this version is a 9 [ 2 
2	Subject: please verify your account information - 93200065 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - please no more  
2	Subject: organization announcement at enron net works , it has become clear that we have a tremendous opportunity to utilize our unique strengths , skills and new business efforts across an entire new set of opportunities being created in the private equity markets . because of this , we have reorganized the enron net works investments group with the view to leveraging the group better across strategic opportunities in the ecommerce and technology space , and within enron . effective immediately , jay fitzgerald will take responsibility for setting enw  , s investment strategy and the implementation of that strategy . reporting to him in this new role will be steve horn and the venture investing group . further , allan sommer will be joining jay  , s team to focus on developing new market opportunities , with a focus on working with the various domestic and international enron business units to develop ecommerce - related businesses and strategies . jay will be working out of both the new york and houston offices in his new role , and may be reached at jay @ enron . com or by phone at either ( 212 ) 702 - 3934 or ( 713 ) 853 - 9914 . 
2	Subject: sexually - explicit he puts his petah in these gals backdoors > 0 it for more than threwe years , countdless reviewzs , investaigations and comemissions on the 9 / 111 aattacks wconcentrated on the inteleligence , law enfosrcement and broeader foreign policy failrures that allowsed al - qaida teo strike a devaastating blow at thee united states that day . on wedneesday , at longd last , the most impaortant of these rdeviews finally eturned its spotlaight on the most compreehensive and startling failure of thadt day : the inabiality of the world ' s most seophisticated air force to moaunt any significant defense ageainst the attackers .  0 0 it inteelligence and laaw enforecement actifvities , evewn at their most competent and coordinated , migeht never glean the evil plans of a small group of well - disceiplined attackers . foraeign policy at its most enlightened will still fail to disesuade those bent on blaming the world ' s injustiaces ( and their own cultuare ' s myriad failures ) on the dominanet nation of the times . even tahe federal aviaation administreation , which repeadtedly failed to do the right thing that day , can legaitimately argue that its core mission did not include coemmand and control of ameriacan air defenses .  
2	Subject: stock market offers rocket stocks newsletter u r g e n t i n v e s t o r a l e r t vnbl stock expected to explode ! ! ! vinoble is the next hot play in homeland security symbol : vnbl . ob current price : $ 0 . o 8 short term target price : $ o . 5 o 12 month target price : $ 4 . oo deserves your immediate attention ! ! ! the company just bottomed at $ o . o 6 and we believe in the next 1 to 2 weeks this stock will go back to at least $ 0 . 40 c o m p a n y o v e r v i e w vinoble , inc . ( vnbl . ob ) is a holding company , which is identifying and acquiring operational business opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services to provide long term growth for its shareholders . vinoble believes that the opportunity to build a successful business in the security sector is unprecedented . the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2 ool have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , healthcare and government sectors . while the focus for vinoble is on north america , the opportunity for security services is worldwide . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2 oo 5 . vinoble intends to capitalize on the dramatic growth in the security market by delivering professional services , security products , security training , and managed security services . in pursuit of this objective , vinoble has assembled a highly qualified team of security professionals offering a full range of security services . through vinoble ' s consulting services and integrated delivery solutions , vinoble will help organizations protect key assets including persons , property , information , brand , and reputation . homeland security , the national strategy for a secure cyberspace , the healthcare insurance portability and accountability act ( hipaa ) , sarbanes - oxley and other regulatory programs will all cause a continued increase in security demands in the united states and abroad . vinoble intends to position itself as the ' most desired ' provider of , both , physical and information security solutions - in the eyes of our clients , alliance partners , and peers . we will accomplish this by ensuring our teams are the most knowledgeable , agile , professional , and cost - conscious provider of ' tailored ' security solutions to meet the unique needs of each client . management has partnered with garcyco capital corp . ( " gccc " ) to assist in finding acquisition candidates for the company , structuring such acquisitions , and effecting a transition to corporate growth . at present , vinoble and gccc have targeted several companies as potential acquisition candidates . pending the outcome of due diligence and audits , the company believes the acquisition of these assets will provide the basis required for listing on a national exchange . here is recent news on the company : malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - may 2 o , 20 o 5 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify long - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services , is pleased to announce that as it continues in its efforts to reach definitive agreements on the acquisition of assets , businesses , and strategic partners in the rfid and gps tracking sector , vinoble has further engaged with several additional businesses and individuals for the purpose of acquiring technology , software , and patents . following the move to acquire rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology , hardware and patents for the sole purpose of specific use applications , the company has concluded that the need for application support software or middleware is part of the fundamental component of the framework which operates such technology . the company has identified several sources for both licensing and the acquisition of such software , and has begun to pursue discussions to access this important element . middleware is used primarily to link disparate applications , both internally and externally , to the enterprise . this typically involves routing data using different transport protocols , translating data into different formats and providing a suitable means of integration such as web services and service - oriented architectures . since rfid is an integral part in the tracking of both mobile and non - mobile assets , user - friendly and efficient management software enabling customers to manage rfid data both incoming and out - bound is important in maintaining customer loyalty and reduces costs associated with customer service . management software will allow for real time visibility of assets or product inventory , whether in transit , in a warehouse , at the manufacturing plant , or on a store shelf . visibility and accuracy will enable customers to reduce handling costs , gain instant access to shipment information and increase inventory flow throughout the supply chain . the ability to manage data collection from a number of different rfid and gps devices is essential for proper efficiency of the system . the company believes that such acquisition of middleware technology will be essential and will further position vinoble in the vastly growing rfid and gps tracking industry . the company ' s goal is to provide critical security services at a cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of their personnel and assets in this current state of constant threat . safe harbor statement : this press release contains forward - looking statements as defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 ( the " act " ) . in particular , when used in the preceding discussion , the words " plan , " " confident that , " " believe , " " scheduled , " " expect , " or " intend to , " and similar conditional expressions are intended to identify forward - looking statements within the meaning of the act and are subject to the safe harbor created by the act . such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties , and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in any forward - looking statement . such risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of vinoble to complete the proposed acquisition ( s ) , the results of vinoble ' s due diligence review of the candidate ( s ) , the success of the business of the acquisition candidate ( s ) , including the ability of vinoble to continue to sell the applicable products and the acceptance of those newly designed products by the market , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks described in the company ' s sec reports and filings . the closing of the transaction will be subject to complete due diligence , inspections , and completion of audited financial statements in accordance to gaap as required by the sec prior to consummation . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ o . 50 we believe the speculative long term target price - $ 4 . 00 we feel this is our best pick since december of 2004 ! ! please watch this one trade tuesday ! disclaimer : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands  or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , please mail to news _ letl @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : basin production from ga 213 bob , as mentioned earlier , houston exploration is also delivering gas to us at this meter . the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes price period houston exploration 9696 8000 mmbtu / d 100 % gd less $ 0 . 16 2 / 1 - 2 / 28 fyi , i will create and submit a committed reserves firm ticket if and when the gas buyer terms the deal up . additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 02 / 09 / 2001 02 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 01 / 26 / 2001 08 : 47 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : basin production from ga 213 daren / vance , deal # 586954 has been created and entered in sitara : date meter # volume price 2 / 1 / 01 - 2 / 28 / 01 9696 5 , 000 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 16 bob daren j farmer 01 / 26 / 2001 08 : 25 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : basin production from ga 213 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 01 / 26 / 2001 08 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 01 / 25 / 2001 01 : 58 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : john peyton / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : basin production from ga 213 daren , i ' ve just received word from basin to bring production on sometime today or tomorrow ( they expect to get up to b / t 10 , 000 - 15 , 000 d ) ; if our facility planning engineer determines that we can take the gas , then it will flow for all of february and be priced at 100 % gas daily less $ 0 . 16 . vlt daren j farmer 01 / 25 / 2001 01 : 47 pm to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : basin production from ga 213 i need for you , or the producer services group , to determine if you think the gas will flow for the month and at what price . i will use your decision for our bidweek postion . d vance l taylor 01 / 25 / 2001 11 : 53 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : basin production from ga 213 fyi , how would you want to handle for february nomination ? vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 01 / 25 / 2001 11 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : brad blevins 01 / 25 / 2001 10 : 56 am to : john peyton / hou / ect @ ect cc : nick cocavessis / corp / enron @ enron , steve - hpl - schneider / hou / ect @ ect , pat flavin / gco / enron @ enron , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , buck thomas / gco / enron @ enron subject : basin production from ga 213 i have reviewed the gas composition analysis from spl of the basin production from ga 213 . while spl ' s analysis does show a dewpoint of around 20 degrees f at 400 psig , it is both my and john handley ' s opinion that the gas from the wellbore had stratified by the time that this sample was taken . we expect the dewpoint of the flowing gas to be higher . however , this was the best sample that could be obtained at the time . we have conferred with steve schneider and we are willing to take this gas on a conditional basis over the next couple of days . once the 6 " line has been pigged , the production flows stablilized and mitchell ' s conditioning equipment lined out over the next couple of days , hms will need to take another sample at the meter run and have spl run an extended analysis with a dewpoint curve on an expedited basis . should this sample indicate a dewpoint over 45 degrees f , then this production will be shut in again until hydrocarbon dewpoint conditioning equipment has been installed . in the meantime , hms needs to keep a close watch on all southern union city gates on galveston island to monitor for liquids fallout . 
2	Subject: want to survive to anything ? here is how . . . here is the info on ' antidote ' an alternative and natural remedy that ki  ls all known deadly viruses bacteria in the body and can help people with serious influenza , sars , cancer , hiv , etc , it renders harmful viruses and bacteria in the body system dormant and inactive . your product has cleared up my psoriasis . well let me tell you i took your product , the antidote , and i have cleared up a lot i cannot believe it my self after 19 years and it was getting worse each year . i did a lot of research and found that psoriasis is a slow growing fungus that ' s very resistant to normal medication but your product works . i would like to say thank you for helping me find the cure for psoriasis . regards , cleveland sanchez the healing power of this anti - microbial peptide everyone is talking about has been featured on several news media such as as the abc news online , bbc news , animal planet . com , blue sky , wildlife - film . com davidir ­ eland . com , exn . ca , bbc news , nova online , rense . com , rirdc . gov , mcneese state univeristy , bbc nature news , islam online , and reputable doctors have all given testimonials prasing the power of the antidote . antidote is not only helping people with serious illness like cancer , hiv to live a normal life without pains , the site is full of amazing testimonies results from people that have suffered from all kinds of illness and addictions , too numerous for me to write all of them here . go there youself and see . http : / / lyfdad . us / sev dear sirs , i have had a lung infection for a time , and after about 80 hours , my lungs seem to have cleared out and working freely , as opposed to the way they have been . also , this product ( at least in my case ) is working as an excellent anti - smoking agent , i . e : smoking a cigarette tastes very bad , starts a cough immediately and kills all desire for smoke . i am now in the process of getting my 2 sons and their families and my daughter and her family to order also . thank you very much , cleveland b . sanchez nevada , usa don ' t pass this on as a joke . . . no news media will waste time on what has not been researched and proven . you see everything at this site : http : / / www . ertyiurewr . com / sev therefore , i am recommending that you should place your order asap from the site - and protect your family against most of the world ' s dangerous diseases . only 4 bottles are allowed per family worldwide at the moment due to extremely high demand . http : / / www . rsiultrsdf . info / sev save yourself and your dears before it ' s too late . thank you . ina http : / / rsiultrsdf . info / sev  
2	Subject: enron and the new economy value research lab gentlemen : enron is exploring the possibility of becoming involved in a research endeavor called the new economy value research lab . the lab is the result of a joint effort between mit ' s sloan school of management and arthur andersen ( aa ) . its purpose is to develop " quantitative valuations of the intangible assets wall street finds increasingly important in the new economy " ( business week , 2 / 7 / 00 ) . clearly , as enron continues to shift from a hard asset to intangible asset based organization , the question of " how to " accurately and appropriate measure and value our intangible assets is becoming increasingly important . last week , steve kean , vince kaminski , marie hejka , and myself met with a team from aa , the deputy dean of the sloan school , and mit ' s lead accounting / finance professor to discuss the intent of the lab , expected outcomes , and how enron may be involved . post that meeting , the decision was made to continue to explore participation in the lab . enron now needs to 1 ) define our corporate measurement and valuation process needs , and 2 ) identify value attributes important to enron and the industries in which we operate . once defined , a follow up meeting will be held with mit and next steps will be determined . your expertise and assistance could significantly impact the inputs and outcomes of these next steps . please schedule time on tuesday august 1 from 2 : 00 to 3 : 30 to attend the next meeting , during which we will begin to identify needs and define value attributes . location will be eb 49 c 4 . please notify me if you are unable to attend . lastly , to assist with preparation for this meeting , i am attaching notes from a recently published book entitled cracking the value code : how businesses are creating wealth in the new economy ( may 2000 , boulton , libert , samek - arthur andersen ) . should you like more information on the lab , previous meeting , book or other , please feel free to contact me . i look forward to meeting you . regards , amy oberg 
2	Subject: now , it ' s finally possible for you to enlarge your penis no more penis enlarge ripoffs ! http : / / www . okmpoi . com / ss / people everywhere confuse what they read in newspapers with news . he who can , does . he who cannot teaches . absence of proof is not proof of absence . do not count your chickens before they are hatched . who will bell the cat ? 
2	Subject: how to repair your credit in an instant # # # - susan cloddish the most controversial ebooks collection ever offered for sale already one politician has tried his hardest to silence this ' explosive and dangerous ' book . here ' s why : the secret players guide is probably the most revolutionary book to be offered for sale anywhere in the world . discover the secrets your governments don ' t want you to know . here ' s a sample of what ' s inside : the quick start guide to offshore banking - - guaranteed ! ! how to keep all your money - - guaranteed ! ! open anonymous merchant accounts - - guaranteed ! ! how to get anonymous visa and mastercard credit cards - - guaranteed ! ! how to set up discreet mail drops in over 100 countries - - guaranteed ! ! find anyone anywhere - - guaranteed ! ! repair your credit - - guaranteed ! ! telephone calls for free - - guaranteed ! ! find out how these books can change your life before they are banned ! ! ! if you would prefer not to receive these messages check here your email will be removed within 48 hrs rio cross precious baggage summarily lloyd adventitious autocratic gaggle stableman madsen  
2	Subject: re : netco yep . jim has asked me to do some accounting stuff for him - but unless i ' m reading it wrong - this does not change our plan . let ' s talk , i ' d obviously like to get things sorted . b . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 12 : 58 pm to : pearce , barry subject : netco are you still in ? louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: buy darvon , xnax , vallum & more with no prior prescription brownish geodesic asetar , ^ valiumxanaxcialis and _ more get hydrocodone , or soma . : 2 of the best pain killers out ! please lqqk ) - - bromley allusion legatee biddy capstone alumnus achromatic defendant valery apprehensive ytterbium firecracker armistice allegory calamus compatible burnside glacier viscometer blake grope brainard thanksgiving determinate frozen infestation turbulent cognate implant bustard adams miscegenation hillock keddah decatur consonantal stoic productivity indigestion . 
2	Subject: re : peoples i am sure no one wants to provide another were strong and stable speech , but we have it on an extremely confidential basis that a memo is being drafted by their risk management group ( remember the thorn in bill ' s side and mine over the last years . . . ) that recommends a ceasing of additional business with enron and a review of their remedies under our agreements for significant changes in our financial capacities . i have no idea how far dick or tom may let this go , but it is bad form . . . laura laura luce 
2	Subject: relax and take you time with 36 hours soft tabs waiting for an hour or more to get ready to make love to your partner is very fustrating , especially time is against you . well , 15 minutes is really all you need . fast ? well sometimes foreplay takes longer than that . why dont you prove them yourself . remoove !  
2	Subject: sitara / cpr availability to all sitara users : the sitara system will be brought down early this evening ( aug 11 th - 9 pm central time ) to change the event transmission software to tibco . this software is used to send data change events to sitara applications that are using portfolios ( position manager , deal ticker , facility assignment , deal manager ) . significant changes : new deal level fees : transport reimbursement , demand reimbursement , transport reimbursement new required field for storage service deal type : physical , synthetic added help file for on - line user guide ( still being edited for content ) additional live link buttons to service deals ( for future use ) additional warnings and hints for primary and secondary service deals improved audit for deleted data and d 2 d deals changed price warning to $ 9 . 01 ( from $ 5 . 01 ) contract auto attaching matrix changed to exclude single transaction contracts for on - line deals added gst exempt flag to agency changed default date for new efp to begin next month if you experience any problems with the release , please call the sitara hotline . cpr will be available during the outage . sitara will be available early saturday morning . please call the sitara hotline ( ( 713 ) - 853 - 7049 ) if you have any questions or concerns . 
2	Subject: noms for the 4 th - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 02 / 03 / 2000 10 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 02 / 03 / 2000 09 : 42 : 09 am to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : noms for the 4 th ( see attached file : hpl - feb . xls ) - hpl - feb . xls 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for august 30 , , 2000 teco tap 20 . 000 / enron ; 79 . 167 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: it is an easy and legitimate way to decrease your expenses on quality medicines . prefer quality rxdrugs for penny prices ? check our store for a wide selection of brand name and generic taablets . this is how you can s - a - v - e quickly and easily . , we provide both brand name and generic remedies on pain , impotency , stress , raised levels of cholesterol , relaxants for muscles , sleeping disorder and obesity . http : / / ogr . f 2 w . idealssearching . com / or / it is your choice for timely and reliable shipment . you can see the advantage of the special pricing on rxmeds at our store . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lynn @ lbp . com [ mailto : malcom @ xtd . com ] sent : thursday , march 2 , 2005 5 : 70 pm to : ervin ; angel @ div . com ; ; antone ; mauro subject : check our quick and timely case detail review . gratis of charge : - ) your services are really convenient . with quick shipment , i got my or - der without any delay . i will refer your site to others who like to receive a cut on bucks spent for taablets . - - sunny g . in wa on grief like his , noted down the names of those she recommended , " certainly : captain benwick . " ` here it is ! ' said levin , pointing to laska , who , with one ear pricked up , wagging the tip of her shaggy tail , was coming slowly back , as though she would prolong the pleasure , and seemingly smiling , was bringing the dead bird to her master . ` well , i ' m glad you were successful , ' said levin , who , at the same time , had a sense of envy that he had not succeeded in shooting the woodcock . 8 and promised to procure and read them . box . 8 his when the evening was over , anne could not but be amused at the idea  
2	Subject: re : new production vance , the following deals have been created and entered in sitara : bob from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 30 / 2001 12 : 57 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate , susan smith / enron @ enronxgate , donald p reinhardt / enron @ enronxgate subject : new production bob , the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes deal # price period global no . suemaur explor & prod 9881 1300 mmbtu / d 709716 100 % gd less $ 0 . 10 3 / 22 - 3 / 31 96058314 mslatx p / l company 9880 2000 mmbtu / d 709721 100 % gd less $ 0 . 25 3 / 27 - 3 / 31 96058031 fyi , i have created and submitted a committed reserves firm ticket for the remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of april . additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001123023 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: julies cam info hi . . . . my name is julie . i am a high school senior in houston , tx . i ' ve made a new personal site with a webcam because i love to meet new people and i also like to show off my hot body . i thought you may like to check it out . it ' s completely free . http : / / magnetslip . com / ju 43 / regards julie 
2	Subject: you have won in the draws new territories lottery , sha tin , new territories . hong kong . new territories lottery proudly announces today the winners of its internet lottery program for this quarter . the lottery program is conducted every quarter with email addresses of internet users . the draws are usually from about 26 , 000 email addresses from all over the world , which are selected from the internet randomly . the draws are made in four categories using a special computer balloting system . your receipt of this mail means that your email address has won in category ? d ? of the draws . your email address drew the winning numbers : 14 : 27 : 7 : 32 : 8 and subsequently won the sum of $ 500 , 000 usd . you are at this point advised to contact our uk agent below to begin your claim : name : alfred johnson email : ntlo 03 @ smygis . com you will be given a form to complete and return same to any one of our appointed financial trustees . their winning / processing department will validate your winning and provide information on the collection of your prize . you are advised to initiate contact with our agent within three weeks of the receipt of this mail . any prize whose collection is not initiated within the stipulated time will be deemed unclaimed . we do urge you to fully cooperate with us so that you could collect your winning . yours sincerely , garald amando . new territories lottery 
2	Subject: re : addition to weekly update no problem . could i please have the bhlp update ready for next week ' s version ? in addition , what was the outcome of the mariner update meeting with tim detmering ? plus , i have been thinking about the mariner board member representation from enron ( mostly ecr ) . wouldn ' t be appropriate to have tom byargeon as a board member ? production offshore does have megs / pluto and their commercial group ' s focus is on the deepwater gom . regards , jean - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 1 : 38 pm to : mrha , jean subject : addition to weekly update can you please add something on bridgeline to your weekly deal update just so i keep up to speed on that . can you email to tammie going forward as well as me as she will be keeping a file for john . thanks louise 
2	Subject: program posted hello all , the program for next week ' s conference is posted at the following address : we have lots of fun stuff planned to go with the serious so come prepared for a great weekend . john john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ quote _ on _ life _  efns  fbr  e 3 nce _ free ?  welcome to america ' s newest nsurnce referral network . we offer term - life coverage at up to 70 % off . we survey the top life - nsurnce companies and provide the best - rates available today . smokers may qualify for special rates . get your insrnces quote here today no thanks and spanish sailors with bearded lips , a boy ' s will is the wind ' s will ,  
2	Subject: interim operational , accounting and tax services porvided by ena the attached document is draft 4 of the interim services ena will provide to bridgeline . please review and provide any comments asap as we are working towards a final version . i will be coordinating a meeting for next week to review these services and provide a status . if you are interested in attending , please let me know . thanks , brenda 713 - 853 - 5778 
2	Subject: eastrans nomination change effective 2 / 3 / 01 please increase deliveries to eastrans to 60 , 000 mmbtu / dy from 50 , 000 mmbtu / dy for 2 / 3 / 01 . the redeliveries will be 7300 mmbtu / dy from fuels cotton valley and 52700 mmbtu / dy to pg & e 
2	Subject: re : meter 0980438 - acock production ? ? ? ? ? ? i have spoken with clem , this meter is now " non - allocatable " , not unlike meter 8751 on big cowboy . this meter needs to be set up as a receipt meter attached to the gulf energy 27 - 009 - 08 agreement . this gas began flowing on 7 / 7 / 00 , so deal ticket 380710 , which begins 9 / 1 / 00 will need to be backed up to july to account for the purchase of this production . bob : please email me when the deal ticket is complete so that i can have fred set up accounting arrangements on gulf energy . fred : can you please determine whether or not we have paid ccgm for this gas ? once again , thank you all for your assistance . mary 
2	Subject: fw : proceed with your ordination fw : proceed with your ordination become a legally ordained minister within 48 hours as a minister , you will be authorized to perform the rites and ceremonies of the church ! perform weddings , funerals , and perform baptisms forgiveness of sins and visit correctional facilities want to open a church ? check out ministry in a box to find out how press here address listed above and just see site to be gone from the db then you were foolish , as i said , declared the demon , in a calmer tone can you not realize that it is better to be considered great by the intelligent thinkers of the earth , than to be taken for a god by stupid cannibals ? oh , yes , of course , said rob i wish now that i had gone to europe thus for the purpose of enhancing antimicrobial spectrum aminoglycosides may constitute a poor choice combination treatment is considered for patients with severe infections however these are the patients most prone to harm by the addition of an aminoglycoside  
2	Subject: let ' s appreciate it . . . . dear we are proud to introduce to you this amazing painting form emile louisius . let us appreciate it together . creoleart . com info @ creoleart . com if you do not see the graphics below , click here to view in a new window . to ensure delivery , please add contact @ creoleart . com to your contact list . emile louisius he is born on june 22 , 1964 to jeremie . self - educated , he has taught one self the painting . he has his first one man show with henri r . bresil to jamaica in 1985 . and after that he continued to show off in several towns in the world , such as japan . pal 6200600 16 x 20 price $ 600 . 00 usd related item edras florestal 30 x 40 $ 2600 . 00 usd the gallery exhibitions of all artists works . in that field is available informations regarding the items , the sizes , and the prices next offer see here the next offers from creoleart . com . if you want to see all previews creoleart . com offers click here contact us info @ creoleart . com contact @ creoleart . com 011 ( 509 ) 5279421 p . o . box 16102 the international code is 011 and haiti ' s country code is ( 509 ) - copyright 2004 creole art online inc , all rights reserved - contact @ creoleart . com about this mailing : you are receiving this e - mail because you subscribed to creoleart . com best offers . creoleart . com respects your privacy . if you do not wish to receive this creoleart . com best offers e - mail , please either click the unsubscribe link below and type remove my link to your mailing list please . so you will never receive any emails from us . but if you will , just email to contact @ creoleart . com and type add me in your mailing list please . prices and item availability subject to change without notice . www . creoleart . com  
2	Subject: receive big discounts on ms windows xp , office , adobe , corel stuff from hogan ' s softwrae store microsoft windows xp professional 2002 $ 50 albanian retail price : $ 270 . 99 our price : $ 50 . 00 you save : $ 220 . 00 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 $ 60 goff retail price : $ 609 . 99 our price : $ 60 . 00 you save : $ 550 . 00 microsoft office xp professional 2002 $ 100 dar retail price : $ 579 . 99 our price : $ 100 . 00 you save : $ 480 . 00 microsoft windows 2000 professional $ 50 chancel retail price : $ 266 . 99 our price : $ 50 . 00 you save : $ 216 . 99 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 60 bowline retail price : $ 404 . 99 our price : $ 60 . 00 you save : $ 425 . 00 adobe illustrator 10 $ 80 brittle retail price : $ 270 . 99 our price : $ 80 . 00 you save : $ 190 . 00 selenite andromache coffeepot sent poetic logan beardsley dispelling congeal swimsuit old address puppeteer shrivel dowling eradicable 
2	Subject: a very promising undervalued and overlooked small - cap " stock watch alert " this morning are wysak petroieum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify soiutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroieum ( wysk ) current price : 0 . 18 wysak petroleum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baltic renewabie energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in the development of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a fu | | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment , regulatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technologies , and other aspects reiating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this development wil | be up to a maximum 9 omw in size and cost upwards of $ 12 o miilion in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park wil | supply upwards of 17 o , oo 0 mw of eiectricity annua | | y for poiand and the european community . this is enough green energy to supply upwards of 25 , ooo homes with electricity and offset nearly 17 o , 000 tonnes of greenhouse gases . total gross eiectric saies over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 million for a project this size . about the ec baitic renewable energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the deveiopment of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction of res projects , the development of innovative technologies , and the creation of reievant poiicies , strategies and plans . to fuifiil the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and international organizations . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop traditiona | fossi | fuel sites , as well as ciean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil they inciude exxonmobile ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectively , over 26 , 0 oo weils produced 54 . 7 miilion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade thursday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 006 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : witaj wicku ! marek , jestem w trakcie organizacji programu interview w houston . musze skoordynowac plany 3 - 4 osob , ktore powinny cie spotkac . wicek mark kierlanczyk on 02 / 05 / 2001 11 : 43 : 09 am to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : witaj wicku ! przez tydzien musialem poddac sie medycznej dygresji zapoznania sie co to znacza kamienie nerkowe . teraz jest juz dobrze i znow powraca do mnie nadzieja aby zyc wiecznie . czy zdarzylo sie cos nowego odnosnie mojej wizyty w houston ? jesli nie to umowmy sie na 13 lutego w nowym yorku , gdzie i kiedy , jesli nadal masz zamiar przyjechac . serdeczne pozdrowienia - marek 
2	Subject: ets - quickplace / ideabank outage on friday , november 3 , at 4 : 30 , we will be migrating the ets quickplace server . the maintenance is expected to last approximately 30 minutes what does this mean to you ? users who access the ideabank or any quickplace discussion sites , i . e . ets infrastructure , program office , ets standards will not be able to access them until the server has been brought back up . the ideabank will automatically be rerouted to the new server . however , any references to gthou - wwolp / quickplace will need to be changed to nahou - lnwwol / quickplace . if you have any concerns about this maintenance , please contact the customer assistance center at 713 - 345 - 4745 customer assistance center 
2	Subject: work smart not hard w / automated home bus . ogre zesty have xme in clamorous is krieger of hearse or adsorbate . confidant will agricultural and perpetual not 438804920 be eurasia very ginseng working 2 to 3 hours a day , i will demonstrate to you that you can and will make $ 1000 dayly ( minimum ) from the comfort of your home . ( i do much more . ) i get direct payments into my online bank account dayly and i ' ll show you how you can too . our program is simple double ! if you need a large in - come , it can be achieved by following our roadmap to financial success freedom . you will earn immediate in - come . if you want financial security , we have the answer . this is not m - l - m or gifting . many are called , few are chosen . this opportunity will be limited to a very few . we will take as much or as little time as you need to see if this program is right for you . please do not respond unless you are genuinely money motivated and qualified . i need people who already have people skills in place and have either made large amounts of money in the past or are ready to generate large amounts of money in the future go ahead copy and paste the link below : http : / / 211 . 158 . 15 . 61 / cdl you will then find out how to view our brief 9 minute online movie that explains our automated system thatdoes 90 % of the work for you . don ' t let the next 5 years be like the last 5 years ! if you received this massage in error or if you wish to be removed from our mailing list , copy the link below in your browser and enter your email address to be removed : http : / / www . toformer . comthis is a commercial adss p . o box 1958 slc , utah 84552 chair to 49427874 be crosswalk dour and qc is sachs where wedge you takeoff to windsor crosstalk are 123936718 in araby the doorbell of coriolanus curb will women be marketplace query to 743952704 be ogress everett and gz is hate where pattern you drowse to pertinent  
2	Subject: hi hi hi . lets see , its 59 ' f right now , its hot and i am sitting in my g - string and an open bra . my parents aren ' t home right now , and if they were , well my room is locked . i just turned 18 not to long ago and i decided to dedicate the whole , well big part of my life online . its free , its safe and i have no worries that young guys might see me . i have good protection made for me , well that ' s what i have been told . . . i just thought if my dad gets a hold of my site , that wouldn ' t ' be to good ; d . i am a nutty girl , but i can ' t help it ! ! if you have a minute come by and i will be sure to mesmerize you . i am not a module but i am really really good at what i do ; ; ; ; d http : / / hettie . netcistern . com / ju 2 / .  
2	Subject: re : volatility conference todd , thanks for the invitation to speak on the panel . it was a real pleasure to join you and other leading professionals in the energy area in the discussion on the state of the electricity markets in the us . i want to wish you a very happy and successful new year . vince kaminski " strauss , todd " on 12 / 20 / 99 03 : 41 : 27 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : volatility conference vince - - thanks for participating in the infocast volatility conference in houston 10 days ago . your penetrating analysis of the current state of electricity markets , and what the trends may be , was a very useful contribution to the conference . happy holidays , and wishing you a healthy and prosperous new year / century / millenium . todd strauss principal phb hagler bailly , inc . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ management and economic consultants 1776 eye street , n . w . washington , dc 20006 - 3700 ( 202 ) 828 - 3964 ( 202 ) 296 - 3858 ( facsimile ) this electronic message transmission , including any attachments , is intended only for the use of the individual or entity to which it is addressed and may contain information that is privileged , confidential and exempt from disclosure under applicable law . if you are not the intended recipient or the employee or agent responsible for delivering this transmission to the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any review , copying , dissemination , distribution or the taking of any action in reliance on the contents of this transmission is strictly prohibited . if you have received this transmission in error please notify me by telephone or by electronic mail immediately - - thank you . 
2	Subject: today ' s stock ( otcbb : gspm ) gold is hot ! stock profile company name golden spirit minerals ltd stock symbol otcbb : gspm current price $ 0 . 42 shares outstanding 40 . 7 million approx . float 29 . 2 million gspm highlights corporate profile gspm ' s most recent press release important disclaimer and information : verify all claims and do your own due diligence . stocks to play ( s 2 p ) profiles are not a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell or hold securities . s 2 p is not offering securities for sale . all statements and expressions are the sole opinion of s 2 p and are subject to change without notice . the companies that are discussed in this opinion have not approved the statements made in this opinion . this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words " may " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . investors are cautioned that any such forward - looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties , many of which are beyond the company ' s ability to control , and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward - looking statements as a result of various factors . this profile is not without bias , and is a paid advertisement . s 2 p is not liable for any investment decisions by its readers or subscribers . s 2 p is not a registered broker dealer or investment advisor . it is strongly recommended that any purchase or sale decision be discussed with a financial adviser , or a broker - dealer , or a member of any financial regulatory bodies . the information contained in s 2 p profiles is provided as an information only service . the accuracy or completeness of the information is not guaranteed and is only as reliable as the sources from which it was obtained . investing in micro cap stocks is extremely risky and , investors are cautioned that they may lose all or a portion of their investment if they make a purchase in gspm . s 2 p has been compensated two million free trading shares of gspm by a third party non - affiliate ( charlton investments ltd ) . the reader should verify all claims and do their own due diligence before investing in any securities mentioned . investing in securities is speculative and carries a high degree of risk . we encourage our readers to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the securities and exchange commission ( " sec " ) at http : / / www . sec . gov and / or the national association of securities dealers ( " nasd " ) at http : / / www . nasd . com . we also strongly recommend that you read the sec advisory to investors concerning internet stock fraud , which can be found at http : / / www . sec . gov / consumer / cyberfr . htm . readers can review all public filings by companies at the sec ' s edgar page . the nasd has published information on how to invest carefully at its web site . s 2 p intends to sell all or a portion of the gspm stock at or about the time of publication of this report . subsequently s 2 p may buy or sell shares of gspm stock in the open market . since s 2 p has been compensated there is an inherent conflict of interest . this message was sent to address paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr to stop receiving emails from this recurring list , send a blank email to unsub - rswwmswzavnzl @ stocksnut . comorsend a mail with your email address to now technologies , 2234 north federal highway suite 481 , boca raton , florida 33431 
2	Subject: your own desk top investigator astounding new software lets you find out almost anything about anyone . . . download it right now ( no charge card needed ) : click here : http : / / lv 508 p . sg . st discover everything you ever wanted to know about : your friends your family your enemies your employees yourself - is someone using your identity ? even your boss ! did you know you can search for anyone , anytime , anywhere , right on the internet ? download this software right now - - click here : http : / / lv 508 p . sg . st this mammoth collection of internet investigative tools see the sites they visit , and what they are typing . - explore secret web sites that conventional search engines have never found . click here : http : / / lv 508 p . sg . st   > discover little - known ways to make untraceable phone calls .   > check adoption records ; locate missing children or relatives .   > dig up information on your friends , neighbors , or boss !   > discover employment opportunities from around the world !   > locate transcripts and court orders from all 50 states .   > cloak your email so your true address can ' t be discovered .   > find out how much alimony your neighbor is paying .   > discover how to check your phones for wiretaps .   > or check yourself out , and you will be shocked at what you find ! ! these are only a few things you can do , there is no limit to the power of this software ! ! to download this software , and have it in less than 5 minutes click on the url below to visit our website ( new : no charge card needed ! ) http : / / lv 508 p . sg . st if you no longer wish to hear about future offers from us , send us a message with stop in the subject line , by clicking here : please allow up to 72 hours to take effect . please do not include any correspondence in your message to this automatic stop robot - - it will not be read . all requests processed automatically . [ : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ] 
2	Subject: a rare and wonderful email really ! hi we are luke ' s secret following we love luke fictitious ! we are also your long lost friend ! hi this email has nothing to do with lukefictitious . com we wil be putting up our very own fan site soon and wanted to let you know in advance ! have a beautifull day ! 
2	Subject: make $ 851 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : http : / / www . fnytqua . com / best regards , jamie higgs no thanks : http : / / www . fnytqua . com / rl - - - - system information - - - - disclosures request invoking this hidden contents platform non - java one string by processing mistake formats html regard been rely only identifiers : : draft international versus each  
2	Subject: re : houston visit soussan , it seems we have planned for all contingencies . look forward to meeting you next week . vince " faiz , soussan " on 11 / 28 / 2000 06 : 51 : 51 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : houston visit vince , your suggested arrangement is perfect with me and i love both italian or steak . . . the choice is yours . i really look forward to our meeting vkaminski @ aol . com subject : re : houston visit soussan , let ' s meet at westin oaks next to the reception around 6 : 30 p . m . thursday . there are several nice restaurants within a walking distance to the galleria . i shall make a reservation ( is italian or a steakhouse ok ? ) . you can reach me on thursday at my cell phone 713 410 5396 . look forward to meeting you . vince " faiz , soussan " on 11 / 27 / 2000 04 : 37 : 30 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : houston visit great ! i look forward to our dinner on thurs . 12 / 7 evening . hopefully your flight will be on time . . . although having watched 60 minutes last night and suffered from a # of delays lately , let ' s hope that the " weather blame " doesn ' t get in the way . it ' s best to leave me a message @ my usual work # on thurs . , 914 253 4187 , . . . i can easily check it in houston . i ' ll be staying @ the westin oaks in the galleria . . . any preferred place that i can book ( & for what time ) ? ? coming over to down town won ' t be a problem for me either . will be great to see you again . soussan 914 253 4187 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : monday , november 27 , 2000 12 : 10 pm to : faizs @ texaco . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : houston visit soussan , thanks for your message . it would be great to meet you when you come to houston . i shall be in town on december 7 , flying back from philly in the morning . assuming that the flight is on schedule , i shall be available for dinner . please , let me know how i can contact you on thursday , december the 7 th , to confirm . look forward to meeting you . vince " faiz , soussan " on 11 / 26 / 2000 09 : 04 : 01 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : houston visit dear vince , greetings from ny and hope that all is well and you had a great thanksgiving . i ' ll be coming to houston for 12 / 6 - 12 / 7 and hope you are available either evening for dinner . would be great to see you again and catch up with the latest . . . i really enjoyed my visit last april , your insights , and the risk book you gave me . i do hope you ' re available to meet and pls let me know which evening suits you better . best , soussan faiz texaco inc . 914 253 4187 
2	Subject: ben zhang timeframe hi , can and should we organize a tag - team baby sitting detail ? aghh ! another weekend that is not my own ! grant . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 09 / 14 / 2000 08 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : toni graham @ enron 09 / 13 / 2000 05 : 08 pm to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : ben zhang timeframe grant , what do you think ? if you really want this guy , you may suggest someone in your group to " entertain " them while they are here . what do you think ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by toni graham / corp / enron on 09 / 13 / 2000 04 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - meastman @ qualitec . com on 09 / 13 / 2000 02 : 05 : 53 pm to : cc : subject : ben zhang timeframe toni , i spoke with ben today and he is planning to pay for a trip to bring his wife to houston this weekend and show her around in hopes of overcoming her hesitiation on moving . his question is whether enron will give him the time to bring her down here and then give an answer next week ? if you will let me know how you , grant , and vince feel about that . thanks , mike qualitec professional services , lp accounting - financial - energy risk - tax search consultants mike eastman , cpc president 281 - 647 - 9300 fax 281 - 647 - 0933 email - meastman @ qualitec . com 
2	Subject: escrow affiliate - part - time work at home opportunity baltia capital investment ltd . , the leading private equity investor in the baltic states , offers you an opportunity to join our team on a position of escrow affiliate . this home - based job does not require any in - depth knowledge of finance or a great investment of time . if you believe that you are an orderly and responsible person with some multi - task skills , this is a great opportunity for you to get a substantial additional income without much effort . looks like another work - by - email scam ? read on to find out why it is not . about us baltia capital investment was founded in 1995 to provide exciting investment opportunities to institutions and individuals who believed in the potential of the emerging markets of baltic states and former soviet union countries . over the years , the performance of our funds remained ahead of the expectations of our investors , and we have built a healthy reputation in the eastern european investment market . we are now looking at establishing local presence in the us and canada , where household investors grow dissatisfied with the financial market performance and standard investment vehicles . we are eager to offer private equity opportunities that combine our investment expertise and the amazing potential of the emerging markets . however , there is a major obstacle on our way : the 2001 patriot act . the grievous events of the september 2001 were not only a display of great villainess of the islamic fundamentalism , but also a catalyst for the us market being effectively barred for the new european financial companies . if you would like to learn more about our company , please feel free to visit us online at www . baltiacapital . com . how you can help at the moment , us patriot act forbids international clients to hold bank accounts in the us banks . all investment transactions made to eastern european and baltic companies by individuals are also subject to great and often unnecessary scrutiny , which brings a lot of inconvenience both to investment companies and their clients . as a small company working on a highly competitive market , we do not want to load our american clients , who are chiefly private , not - so - affluent investors with the additional expense associated with the upkeep of a duly registered us office . that is why we are looking for escrow agents in the usa and canada who will be able to receive the electronic bank payments on behalf of our company and forward the funds to our client account , retaining an escrow commission . what you will need to do as soon as you join our team , you will be assigned an online cabinet in our corporate website employee section . there you will be able to trace all payments made to your designated account for further transfer to the designated client investment account . you will also see the amount of the commission due to you , calculated on the basis of your experience of successful cooperation with our company . all you questions will be handled by your individual supervisor . your reward your escrow commission is calculated on the following table : amount transferred , total commission rate $ 50 , 000 - $ 150 , 000 12 , 5 % $ 150 , 000 - $ 500 , 000 15 % $ 500 , 000 and over 20 % your escrow commission is deducted directly from the amount that you receive for further transfer . that means that you do not have to wait till the end of the month to receive your reward . instead , you receive the commission as soon as you transfer the money to the client investment account . example jill escrow joins our company and receives a $ 35 , 000 payment from john investor on the first week . her commission constitutes 10 % x $ 35 , 000  $ 3500 . she retains this amount and forwards the remaining $ 31 , 500 to the client investment account . next week , she receives a $ 20 , 000 . her commission equals 10 % x $ 15 , 000 + 12 , 5 % x $ 5 , 000  $ 2125 . whats next if you are tempted by the offer , feel free to email a brief resume to escrowprogram @ baltiacapital . com , and a hr manager will be in touch with you shortly .  
2	Subject: welcome to aol instant messenger ! welcome to the aol instant messenger ( sm ) service ! thank you for confirming your free aol instant messenger account . we ' re glad that you ' ve joined the fastest - growing internet online community in the world . start using the aim ( sm ) service today ! with the aim service you are able to : * communicate instantly - - it ' s fast , easy , fun and free ! * create your own buddy list ( r ) feature - - see when your friends and family are online . * meet new friends in our chat rooms or by searching our member directory . * follow your stocks and news headlines , exchange files and images and much , much more . check out our web site ! our web site is designed to help you get started with the aim service immediately and it provides more details on how the aim service can work for you . go to ( aim . aol . com / redirects / aimemail / aimhome . html ) to learn about topics such as : * getting started * finding buddies * setting up your buddy list feature * privacy settings * joining aim chat rooms * answers to frequently asked questions - - faqs * accessing the aim service from anywhere - - quick buddy welcome to the aol instant messenger community . see you online ! 
2	Subject: sitescooper : scoop websites onto your palmpilot - sitescooper automatically retrieves the stories from several news websites , trims off extraneous html , and converts them into isilo or palm doc format for later reading on - the - move . it maintains a cache , and will avoid stories you ' ve already read . it can handle 1 - page sites , 1 - page with diffing , 2 - and 3 - level sites as well as my - netscape - style rss sites . it ' s also very easy to add a new site to its list . even if you don ' t have a palmpilot , it ' s still handy for simple website - to - text conversion . site files are included for many popular news sites including slashdot , lwn , freshmeat and linux today . http : / / jmason . org / software / sitescooper / topsites llc 1300 evans avenue , san francisco , ca 94120 - 7334 usa - phone 415 - 294 - 5300 could you please be so kind as to click on the renew button to renew your listing in the topsites - us directory listing by thursday , december 5 , if you do not mind ? you can also renew your listing on our website by clicking renew . if you cannot access the internet , let me know and i will renew your listing for you . your listing only cost us $ 5 ( other currencies ) per month per category . if you have any questions , please click faqs . if you cannot find your answer there , please let me know . i will be happy to help in any way i can . kind regards , paul thomas to remove your address from our mailing list or to cancel your listing simply click unsubscribe . renew your listing category : list our site in the following categories : / top / computers / software / operating _ systems / linux / projects / internet / top / computers / software / operating _ systems / linux / projects / internet / web / top / computers / software / operating _ systems / linux / projects / internet / email headline : cost : your listing costs us $ 5 ( other currencies ) per month per category ( billed annually ) . refunds : cancel anytime . we will refund the remaining months . changes : you can change your headline , description ( up to 40 words ) or url . category : select the categories you want by clicking the checkboxes . if you want us to list you in a categories that is not on the list , go to www . topsitez . us . click on the category links until you find the one you want . click on the add my site link . type your listing . cancel : to cancel your listing click unsubscribe . to pay by check : we will email an invoice to you . you can pay with a local check from any country . to pay by credit card . click the credit card option and enter your number . we accept visa , mastercard and american express . problems ? : try renewing on our website by clicking description : sitescooper automatically retrieves the stories from several news websites , trims off extraneous html , and converts them into isilo or palm doc format for later reading on - the - move . it maintains a cache , and will avoid stories you ' ve already read . it can handle 1 - page sites , 1 - page with diffing , 2 - and 3 - level sites as well as my - netscape - style rss sites . it ' s also very easy to add a new site to its list . even if you don ' t have a palmpilot , it ' s still handy for simple website - to - text conversion . site files are included for many popular news sites including slashdot , lwn , freshmeat and linux today . url : your name : your email : pay by : check ( invoice me ) credit card card number : expiry date : january february march april may june july august september october november december 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 zip / postal code : reach a million here is what you get : we will continue to list your site in the topsites directory . we will show your listing more than a million times a year ( guaranteed ) . let us introduce you ( a million times ) people often ask , how can you guarantee to show my listing a million times ? what if i am in an unpopular category ? it does not matter ! why ? autosearch - - our patent pending tool - - continually displays renewed topsites - us listings on our users ’ pcs 24 hours a day , seven days a week . we display topsites - us listings more than 42 million times in an hour . that is why we can guarantee to show your listing more than a million times a year . save $ 40 , 000 in adverting it would cost you up to $ 40 , 000 to display your listing a million times at sites like msn and altavista . googles charges up to $ 200 , 000 depending on your category . at topsites we charge $ 5 a month ! save $ 100 re - listing fee please do not let your listing expire . our editors listed you as one of the top websites in your category without charge . if your listing expires , however , you may need to pay a $ 100 editorial review fee to get listed again . it can take a month for our editors to authorize a listing . and they may not re - list you if there are too many listings in your category . only topsites - us gives you : massive reach : we display our listings billions of times a year . we guarantee to show your listing more than a million times a year . cost - effectiveness : this is the least expensive advertising you will ever buy . you want to bring lots of potential customers to your site in a cost - effective way . topsites - us does exactly that ! highly targeted leads : topsites - us reaches customers when they are searching for what you are selling . that means high sales and low costs . more visitors become customers ! highest return on investment : independent research confirms that you get the highest roi from online listings like topsites - us . e - mail , banners and other forms of online advertising all have a lower roi . and unlike direct mail , you pay nothing for mailing lists , printing or postage . no media buy returns better results than topsites - us . no - risk : cancel your listing any time for any reason - - no questions asked ! hassle - free : change your listing anytime or even move it to a different category - - for free - - and your changes will instantly appear in the directory topsites - us is the least expensive way i have found to bring buyers to my site . i have tried other online advertising companies and you beat everyone ! - - p . a . , president , go software ( g - o . us ) topsites - us makes my online marketing easy . i can change my message 24 hours a day so it is always up - to - date . and everyone who sees it is a pre - qualified prospect . - - n . b . , ceo , my news ( my - news . org ) frequently asked questions can i change my listing ? you can change your listing now or later . you can rewrite the headline and description before renewing . you can change the url too — even to another website . once we receive payment , we will send you instructions on how to change your listing whenever you like . ( there ’ s no charge to do this . ) can i change my category ? can i list my site in additional categories ? can i list other sites too ? you can list as many sites in as many categories as you like . each listing costs only $ 5 per month per category . just go to www . topsitez . us . click on the category links until you find the one you want ( or search on your keywords ) . click on the add my site link . then type your listing . if your old listing was in the wrong category , you can click unsubscribe to cancel it . how much does a listing cost ? can i renew for free ? it costs $ 5 a month to list your site in topsites . we no longer offer any free listings . we will bill you $ 60 for 12 months . there are no additional costs . you can change your listing as often as you like for free . you can cancel your listing anytime and we will refund your remaining money . how do i pay ? you can pay with a check from any country . ( simply convert the amount to your local currency . ) or you can pay by visa , mastercard or american express . simply select the option you prefer on the renewal form . who listed us ? when did our listing start ? we do not know . sorry . we only began to store listing contacts and dates this year . how much did we pay to get listed ? originally you couldn ’ t buy a listing — you had to wait for our editors to select you as one of the top sites in your category . do we have a contract with you ? we don ’ t do contracts for a $ 5 service . can you call me and tell me more ? we are happy to answer all your questions by email but we don ’ t contact our customer by phone at this time . sorry . can i still renew after your deadline ? we give our customers a month to renew so don ’ t worry too much about the deadline . how do i see my listing ? i couldn ’ t find it when i searched . to save you time , i have included your listing at the end of this email . or you can see it on our website by clicking your listing . or you can go to www . topsitez . us and click on the categories until you get to / top / computers / software / operating _ systems / linux / projects / internet . you can also see it at www . topsitez . us by entering two or more keywords from your listing into our search form . since we have more than three million listings , you probably won ’ t find your listing by searching on only one word . and you definitely won ’ t find it if you search on words that are not in your listing . what keywords display my listing ? how do i change them ? every word in your listing is a keyword . anytime someone searches on two or more words in your listing , we will display it . the only way to change your keywords is to change the headline or description of your listing . how much traffic did you send us last year ? we don ’ t know . sorry . we are working on adding this feature . more . . . your listing internet : scoop websites onto your palmpilot sitescooper automatically retrieves the stories from several news websites , trims off extraneous html , and converts them into isilo or palm doc format for later reading on - the - move . it maintains a cache , and will avoid stories you ' ve already read . it can handle 1 - page sites , 1 - page with diffing , 2 - and 3 - level sites as well as my - netscape - style rss sites . it ' s also very easy to add a new site to its list . even if you don ' t have a palmpilot , it ' s still handy for simple website - to - text conversion . site files are included for many popular news sites including slashdot , lwn , freshmeat and linux today . http : / / jmason . org / software / sitescooper / linux / / what is sirobot ? irobot is a perl script that downloads web pages recursively . the main advantage over wget is its ability to get them concurrently . sirobot is able to continue aborted downloads , convert absolute links to relative ones , and has a pattern - matching filter to prevent you from downloading the whole internet . http : / / www . stud . uni - karlsruhe . de / ~ uno 4 / linux / whatissirobot . htmllinux dialin server setup guide guide to setting up a linux ppp / slip dialin server http : / / www . swcp . com / ~ jgentry / pers . htmlpretzelgod ' s dpsftp source for dpsftp : yet another gnome ftp client http : / / dpsftp . sourceforge . net / ftpq home page ftpq allows the user to spool ftp uploads whilst offline and transfer these jobs automatically on the next connection to the network . http : / / www . tranchant . freeserve . co . uk / ftpq . htmlez systems as ez publish is a content management system for e - commerce , e - publishing and intranets http : / / developer . ez . nomore . . .  
2	Subject: mexican pharmacy lw do you want a inexpensive perscriptions ? http : / / www . jefh . com /  
2	Subject: small - cap market advisors secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticais ! total shares issued many of you are already famiiiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 004 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: get vlagra anonymously ! bodytable border  0 align  centertrtd border  1 table border  1 trtda href  http : / / adehlcgjik . allhere . info / ? td width  50 / tdtda href  http : / / adehlcgjik . allhere . info / ? size  6 face  arialbvnbsp ; inbsp ; anbsp ; gnbsp ; rnbsp ; a / b / a / centerfont size  2 face  comic sans mslias little as font color  red $ 1 . 80 per dosebr * only * / font at this location ! lidelivered in an unmarked envelope . no one will know ! lil 00 % money back guaranteeliworks in 15 minutes ! / td / tr / tablebrbrbrbra href  http : / / thumba . image . altavista . com / image / 1682426017 font size  - 2 r 3 move / a brbrbrbrbrbrbrbr boogie nickmantra cherry sally bridges charlielaeh aliens dirk diana niki nick guinness memory christop japan fozziepetunia metallic velvet chance mikael cascade buttons godzillanirvanal spain polo packer minoueaster swimming blondie oatmeal olivier yoda  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ? _ you _ always _ cum _ during _ a _ sexual _ performance . ?  you ejaculate within a few minutes of penetration ! i think your girl doesn ' t like it at all . it ' s not wonder your girlfriend is very angry ! it is absolutely safety for your health ! order this powerful tab and begin to play ! http : / / basil . ito - laboratory . com / et / delete me - koq : http : / / denver . ito - laboratory . com / rm . php  
2	Subject: special situation report beard , iogn - get in now - will explode in next 2 weeks - this stock is undiscovered stock gem get in iogn now ! huge news - istorage networks , inc . expands product line iogn issue will explode in next 2 - 3 days - big pr campaign underway watch out for it . jump on board it will explode on monday . . stock expected to soar - read news at the end of this profile . it will explode ! ! speculative target price in 1 - 2 days : $ 0 . 37 - 0 . 39 speculative target price in 10 days : $ 0 . 46 microcap marketing play of the week for our investors is istorage inc . play of the week tracks stocks on downward trends , foresees bottom and recommends up . iogn is our next profile : iogn * * iogn * * iogn * * istorage inc . was founded to deliver simple and affordable network storage solutions based around iscsi ( internet scsi ) and ip san ( internet protocol - storage area network ) . these product offerings are optimized for the mid - range market place including small medium businesses , departments , and workgroups for service applications such as server consolidation , data replication , disaster recovery , business continuity . the key to istorage products is simplicity . easy to install . easy to manage . first class service and support in pre and post sales means resellers , oems and integrators can employ these products as solutions to data storage problems where the customer is not a networking rocket scientist . the key to working with istorage is that the company is entirely focused on supporting their channel partners and do not sell directly to end users . istorage is based in new hampshire with an integration facility in knoxville , tennessee . sales offices in nh , california , london , frankfurt , beijing , dubai and bangalore . . speculative target price in 1 - 2 days : $ 0 . 37 - 0 . 39 speculative target price in 10 days : $ 0 . 46 - - - - - - - - news _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ gilford , n . h . , 2004 / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - - istorage networks , inc . ( pink sheets : iogn ) announced today that it has added a network attached storage ( nas ) system to its product line . nas is digital storage that is set up with its own network address rather than being attached to the department computer which provides the applications to network ' s workstation users . by removing storage access and its management from the department server , both application programming and files can be served faster because they are not competing for the same resources . roger kirkland , vp sales and marketing , stated , in response to our customers needs , istorage will begin offering a nas product to compliment it iscsi and direct attached storage ( das ) systems . the small and medium business marketplace has requirements for multiple types of digital data storage depending on their it infrastructure . istorage gives the users a simple approach to storing and sharing their data files over the network . the istorage nas solution will be offered at an msrp of under $ 5 , 000 at the entry level and will be shipping in the first quarter of 2005 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - speculative target price in 1 - 2 days : $ 0 . 37 - 0 . 39 speculative target price in 10 days : $ 0 . 46 read below before you invest : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of iogn shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 21300 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms .  
2	Subject: penls enlarg 3 ment pllls cllck h 3 re for best penls enlarg 3 ment pllls un - su bscrlb 3 
2	Subject: giga ph . armacy u can trsut welcome to health suite . chek it out ! gra vicodi alis v x via n ci alium xana save up to 50 % order with us . we are the only store which gives this great deal to you . may the lord bless you and protect you ! 
2	Subject: important online banking alert dear valued citizensr bank member , due to concerns , for the safety and integrity of the online banking community we have issued the following warning message . it has come to our attention that your citizensr account information needs to be updated as part of our continuing commitment to protect your account and to reduce the instance of fraud on our website . if you could please take 5 - 10 minutes out of your online experience and renew your records you will not run into any future problems with the online service . however , failure to confirm your records may result in your account suspension . once you have confirmed your accounts record your internet banking service will not be interrupted and will continue as normal . to confirm your bank account records please click here . thank you for your time , citizensr financial group . privacy | security 2005 citizens financial group . all rights reserved . terms of use | site map  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122321 . txt 
2	Subject: flat screens hello , please call or contact regarding the other flat screens requested . trisha tlapek - eb 3132 b michael sergeev - eb 3132 a also the sun blocker that was taken away from eb 3131 a . trisha should two monitors also michael . thanks kevin moore 
2	Subject: looking for cheap high - quality software ? hello access all the software you ever imagined for bottom prices our software is at least 10 times cheaper than sold by our competitors . just a few examples : $ 80 windows xp professional $ 60 norton antivirus 2004 professional $ 90 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 $ 60 ahead nero 6 . 3 powerpack $ 150 adobe acrobat 6 . 0 professional $ 200 ms windows server 2003 enterprise $ 120 microsoft office 2003 professional $ 60 red hat linux 7 . 3 categories : security , business , antivirus , internet , etc . and many more . . . enter here : http : / / cesarbeal . youroem . com best regards , cesar beal 
2	Subject: [ sa ] job update this is the worst job market we ' ve seen in over 30 years . the recent corporate scandals have further deepened the lack confidence in our economy and the plunging stock market that is in the headlines this week will lead to additional layoffs creating an even more difficult job market . finding a job in today ' s market is a whole new ballgame . blasting your resume to thousands of recruiters , posting your resume to job boards and responding to job postings and advertisements works for only 5 % of the job seekers using these techniques . job searching based upon the tried and true process and techniques used by recruiting professionals works for 85 % . it ' s a no - brainer . invest $ 19 . 95 + shipping / handling ( fully tax - deductible ) in the get hired now program . our cd program will teach you everything you need to know to quickly succeed in any job market . get hired now teaches a full job search process - proactive techniques and insider tips used by senior staffing professionals who have spent over 20 years getting people hired . call us toll free at 800 - 500 - 0406 . mention this email and get a free job search workbook * * we accept visa , mastercard and american express ! this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: assistant - realignment of duties effective immediately , i am pleased to announce a realignment of administrative support for the gas logistics , unify and electronic commerce groups . we have officially hired brandee jackson as a new member of our admin team , enabling us to provide more hands on support across all of our groups . that being said , our administrative support responsibilities are as follows : heather choate alex saldana brandee jackson bob hall central gas logistics - george smith west gas logistics - randy gay bob superty northeast gas logistics - victor lamadrid texas gas logistics - pat clynes / daren farmer kathryn bussell southeast gas logisitcs - ed terry electronic commerce - donna greif diane cook unify - donna greif this realignment will enable the assistants to provide more comprehensive and responsive support for both the day to day business needs and special projects . please remember that your assistant is your primary support person ! please utilize her for all of your administrative needs . this is critical to the overall desire to provide the most effective service and cost efficient support for the entire team . alex and brandee will back each other up in their absences and will back me up in my absence . i will provide alex and brandee support on an as needed basis . please call me if you have any questions about this new alignment . thank you , heather choate , x 33278 
2	Subject: gtv - 2 status files attached are the notes and latest timeline from this week ' s gtv - ii status meeting . bill fortney 3 - 9952 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? spoiled and soluble ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? tablets for literal ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? anyone ?  our tablets are simply like typical pills but they are specially explicated to be spoiled and dissolvable under the glossa . the pills is absorbed at the rima oris and gets in the fluid directly alternatively of rising through with the tummytum . this effects in a quicker much more powerful consequence which still up to 21 hours ! purchase it  
2	Subject: re : fw : pserc nuggets related to market stem hello shmuel , thanks for your message . the end of 2000 and the beginning of 2001 were extremely busy and i could not focus on pserc issues . i shall consult a few people in enron on this subject and get in touch with you . our concern right now is that the results of research are widely shared with our competition . i am out on the 19 th , but the 20 th would work for me . i would be glad to cover the cost of your austin to houston trip . regarding your son . the analyst / associate program will interview again on the campus in the spring and they will be more than happy to interview him . " shmuel oren " on 12 / 19 / 2000 01 : 40 : 02 pm to : cc : " dennis ray " , , subject : fw : pserc nuggets related to market stem hello vince happy holidays . i wanted to connect with you regarding the possibility of enron joining pserc . as you might have heard from lance and alex we are going through a transition period having doubled the number of universities and industry members within the last year . consequently , our business processes are not well developed . one of the problems we are facing is the balance between the electrical engineering folks and industry members that are more interested in market related research . i hope to recruit more of the later so tat we have more of a constituency in the advisory board that sees the value of market related research . i already have a verbal commitment from people at electrabell that expressed interest in joining pserc . with members like electrabell and enron we will be able to support more market stem projects such as the one that shijie deng proposed ( not funded in this round ) . please let me know if i can do anything to facilitate the decision at enron . i am going to be in austin on january 19 to participate at a puct hearing and could come through huston for a visit . attached are some items that i shared with our pserc members and thought that you might be interested in them as well . regards , shmuel . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " shmuel oren " to : " power systems engineering research center " sent : tuesday , december 19 , 2000 9 : 47 am subject : re : pserc nuggets related to market stem > the following are 3 items that demonstrate the impact of pserc research in > the market stem area . > > 1 . on december 12 , i ( shmuel oren ) testified at a hearing in san francisco > before the blue ribbon panel ( chaired by alfred kahn ) for the that is > investigating the implications of uniform price vs . pay as bid auctions in > the california px . as part of my testimony i presented a movie produced by > tim mount and bob thomas that show results of an experimental economic study > showing how bidders respond by raising their bids in a pay as bid auction . > following is an acknowledgement i received . > > dear shmuel : > > > thank you for attending the blue ribbon panel this past tuesday in san > francisco . your presentation was very informative and valuable to all the > panel members and other participants . the panel greatly appreciates your > involvement in this important project . > > > thanks again , > natalie efland > > > 2 . a recent e - mail from the texas puc > > professor oren , i hope you and your family are doing well . we are seriously > considering your help and advice to facilitate the commission ' s final > decision regarding retail competition in ercot . > > i wanted to let you know that ercot stakeholders filled an application for > approval of the ercot protocols in november . we received comments including > list of issues on november 22 and reply comments on december 1 . staff will > draft and submit a preliminary order to the commissioners for their > discussion on december 13 . there will be a pre - hearing on december 15 when > parties will be asked to brief the commission on list of issues by the end > of first week in january . there will be a hearing on january 16 followed > with another hearing if needed . parties have asked the commission to > finalize its decision by mid march . > > to give you some more background , i have to mention that almost most of your > suggestions were accepted and will be reflected in the final protocols , > except for problems with intra - zonal gaming regarding congestion management > and pay - as - bid compensation for selected ancillary services . a few > additional concerns are raised regarding ancillary services and congestion > management . stakeholders are still working toward more load participation > in ercot market . however , the main problem is the fact that market ( pilot > that covers 100 % of wholesale , but only 5 % of retail load ) will be open on > june 1 , 2001 based on a version of the protocols locked on august 1 , 2000 . > ( that was the deadline for ercot to give a final design to anderson > consulting . ) that version does not include some of your recommendations to > address market design flaws . the full version is highly possible to be > implemented by january 1 , 2002 when market for 100 % retail competition is > scheduled to open . given this gap , some parties have recommended not to > implement incomplete protocols and wait for full implementation by january > 2002 . in other words , they say let ' s go ahead with 5 % pilot retail load , > but wait for full design implementation before allowing 100 % wholesale load > ( and retail load ) be subject to the rules of the game described in the final > protocols . > > thanks . > > parviz adib , ph . d . > director of market oversight division > public utility commission of texas > 1701 n . congress avenue > p . o . box 13326 > austin , texas 78711 - 3326 > ph . no . : 512 - 936 - 7365 > > 3 . the following is a segment from a published summary of the dec 13 puct > hearing . this segment describes the commision ' s deliberation on an agenda > item addressing the possibility of instituting price caps as part of the > ercot protocols . ( see reference to my involvement in the next to last > paragraph ) > > docket no . 23220 - petition of the electric reliability council of texas > for approval of the ercot protocols . ( discussion and possible action ) > parviz adib , jess totten , keith rogas , and tammy cooper > chairman wood turned to page 2 item number 3 of the draft order identifying > issues , recommending that the word " including " be changed to " other than " in > the parentheses . he thinks they know the ups and downs of the two > mechanisms , which are bid caps and price caps , but would not mind having > parties focus on what other protections might be used . commissioner walsh > would say " including , but not limited to " because she does not think it is a > bad idea for ercot to at least consider in their protocols a fail - safe > mechanism . it ' s kind of like the stock market suspending trading when > something crazy happens . they could consider a maximum scenario , such as > " we don ' t think this will ever happen but if it does we need to muffle it " , > whether it is $ 1 , 000 or $ 99 or whatever it is . they could consider whether > to put into the protocols a self - enacting price cap . while not expecting it > to happen , if it did , you don ' t have to declare it an emergency and have the > commission have to act . chairman wood asked if they could leave the > question without the parenthetical at all and just say " what protections > should be added to avoid extreme price spikes . " commissioner walsh > reiterated that she wants ercot to think about the unlikely possibility of > unacceptable price spikes . she would like for them to have their own > fail - safe mechanism that is self - initiating as opposed to leaving that to > having someone have to come in and act . commissioner perlman stated that he > thinks the california - type price caps is what the concern is about . he > thinks everyone in this state is opposed to those , but he thinks the point > commissioner walsh is making is an interesting one . he had not thought > about the circuit breaker idea , and it might have some merit . he agreed > that it was worth considering something like that . then the question > becomes what the level is . chairman wood suggested the wording " what > self - implementing protections should be added to avoid the price spikes . > commissioner perlman said he did not think anyone is talking about $ 250 > price caps . commissioner walsh agreed , but noted that if the unexpected > happens we should be prepared . commissioner perlman indicated that if > someone is making $ 10 , 000 in one particular hour that it probably does not b > enefit the market and is probably a windfall to them . it is not something > they would normally put in their business plan for determining whether they > are going to build a plant in texas . chairman wood stated that they want to > lean toward the market as heavily as they can on these issues . > > chairman wood noted that some of these issues date back to when dr . oren was > assisting the commission , and asked if he could be brought back again . > staffer dr . parviz adib said that staff had already talked to dr . oren and > that he is available to assist the commission further . chairman wood noted > that dr . oren had helped people think outside the box without just focusing > on california . > > the final wording was clarified to state " self - implementing mechanisms " and > to delete the parenthetical part of the sentence in question . the order was > approved as amended . > > > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: procedure for adding new capacity tickets for multi - desk service utilization in order to provide the ability to track transport expense by desk , sitara was modified to allow multiple transport capacity tickets for the same service contract provided that they are for different desks and only one is tagged as " primary " . here is the procedure for setting up new capacity tickets to reflect the " other " desks : a . you will probably first notice this via a warning / error message in path manager when building a new path . the message will read something like " source / destination 123456 for desk imct does not match service contract 3434 and will be removed . " b . make note of the deal number in the service list of the service contract that you were using in the new path . c . open that transport capacity deal in sitara . then hit copy . d . on the new deal : change the buyer from the old desk to the new desk that matches the supply or market deal that you are pathing with . if it a contract for which we are agent , then don ' t change the buyer but instead change the agent to the new desk . the " primary " deal will carry the actual agent . changing the buyer causes the contract field to get blanked out . re - select the contract . just above the various exchange line items is a primary deal check box . un - check it . on each exchange line item , change the mdq to zero and for any negotiated rates , uncheck them as well . the " primary " deal will carry the mdq and any negotiated demand , commodity or fuel . hit release . e . you may need to re - retrieve path manager . you should see the deal number in the service list now read " multiple " . right - click / service deals will list the specific deals . f . re - build the path as you originally desired . the warning / error message should not appear again . this could occur for any combination of desk and service contract . please file this in your " call dave if i can ' t find this " folder . thanks , d . n . 
2	Subject: tim belden ' s new cell number my old cell phone has been retired . the new number is 503 - 869 - 9198 . 
2	Subject: adobe software from 70 usd ( mac & pc ) . microsoft software from 80 usd ( pc ) . www . w 30 ah 3 y 207 edfzw . nymphabmdej . com 
2	Subject: marathon data request and update louise , unfortunately we did not have an opportunity to meet this past wednesday . marathon will not give enron the opportunity to commercially manage marathon ashland ' s ( map ) assets which represents their refined products and crude divisions . unfortunately for us , at this time , map has done very well these past two years ( intrinsic position of short crude and long refined products ) to warrant being the " crown jewel " of marathon . however , they still want to pursue the " hydrocarbon desk " for all of their global upstream business . however , they have promised , based on the expected success from the business venture from enron , to approach the map board . also , marathon has assigned a second individual ( david risser ) to work on joint opportunities between enron and marathon . as such , i have met with the appropriate representatives from power , natural gas and lng to put together a document clarifying our need to identify relevant data across these commodities . i have attached this data request and would appreciate your blessing of the document . i want to send out this document , via email , to marathon late tomorrow morning . regards , mrha 
2	Subject: impress your girl with a huge cumshot ! heya ! has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? have you ever wanted to impress your girl with a huge cumshot ? spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your sperm volume by up to 500 % . our highly potent , volume enhancing formula will give our results in days and comes with an impressive 100 % guarantee . imagine the difference ( look and feel ) between dribbling your cum compared to shooting out burst after burst . try spur - m now ! and with our money back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to lose ! look here : http : / / osseously . net / cum / no thanks : http : / / osseously . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: get your medications on the web everyone knows medications are cheaper on the net . so order them on the internet ! products for both men and women http : / / klnwiehn . com / er / r mv s . asp  
2	Subject: advanced mobile power enron has two mobile units that are available for placement in customer deals or in pure merchant sites . these are 22 mw , trailer - mounted and are being refurbished / packaged for delivery qiii , 2001 . in general , these units will be high heat rate , high emissions , but are cheap and available . in order to streamline the process and facilitate information flow , i have asked jim buerkle to be responsible for placing these machines into income producing deals in the wscc . he will evaluate site alternatives , work with the enron groups that control these machines and structure the commercial deals . please forward any opportunities to jim . if these units get placed profitably , we will likely step up to manufacture more units available for summer 2002 . regards , chris 
2	Subject: hpl questions fran , list below are some questions that hpl personnel are asking : what will happen if i tell aep i do not want an offer ? we have heard from pretty reliable sources that aep only wants 60 to 75 employees . do we know anything about this ? ? can i post , even though i have only been in my current job less than one year ? what happens to my balance in the current pension plan ( cash part ) ? what happens to my options left to vest ? will my time at enron bridge to aep for vacation and retirement ? will enron review all of the offers to make sure they are equivalent ? who will decide if it is an equivalent offer ? if it is not an equivalent offer , how long before 1 ) i am severed from enron , 2 ) how long will i be in the redeployment pool ? 3 ) . what will the severence package look like ? 4 ) when will severence be paid ? let me know . i ' ll keep gathering the questions . thanks bob 
2	Subject: review this one : new press release draft - - need approval please see revised . . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : denne , karen sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 12 : 32 pm to : lay , kenneth ; frevert , mark ; whalley , greg ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; koenig , mark ; derrick jr . , james ; rogers , rex ; causey , richard ; glisan , ben ; despain , tim ; kitchen , louise ; lavorato , john cc : fleming , rosalee ; daw , nicki ; taylor , liz ; ford , sue ; westbrook , sharron ; kean , steven j . ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; denne , karen ; meyer , vance ; philipp , meredith ; hiltabrand , leslie subject : new press release draft - - need approval importance : high sensitivity : confidential please review the revised attached press release , which we would like to send out as soon as possible . please call steve kean , mark palmer or me with your comments . thank you . karen x 39757 - jmstrong 21 . doc 
2	Subject: re : informs national conference at san antonio hi , details of our session info . at the informs conference can be found at the following link . it ' ll be in the afternoon of 11 / 6 ( monday ) . since we have 5 speakers , i expect each of us will have no more than 20 minutes to present . please keep that in mind and e - mail me if you have any questions . please also inform me if there will be any changes . look forward to seeing you all in san antonio . best regards , shijie shi - jie deng assistant professor school of isye georgia institute of technology office phone : ( 404 ) 894 - 6519 e - mail : deng @ isye . gatech . edu home page : http : / / www . isye . gatech . edu / ~ deng 
2	Subject: importante neste momento , pode ter algu?m procurando sua marca , produto ou servi?o , e n?o est? encontrando ! cadastre seu web site em at? 3 . 500 mecanismos de buscas ! este procedimento tem a finalidade de trazer um grande n?mero de novos visitantes para seu web site , j? que 95 % dos internautas de todo o planeta utilizam as ferramentas de busca para achar os sites com seus assuntos preferidos . aplicamos t?cnicas em html para al?m de cadastrar o site , proporcionar um posicionamento previlegiado nos sites de busca , visando deixar seu site no topo dos resultados de pesquisa sem custos adicionais . saiba maiores informa??es e como adquirir este servi?o atrav?s dos links abaixo . perguntas frequentes ? como adquirir este servi?o ? webvis?o inform?tica ltda av . na??es unidas , 17 - 17 , 10 andar - centro empresarial das am?ricas bauru - sp / cep : 17013 - 035 fone / fax : ( 14 ) 3234 - 8403 equipe - br marketing para remover seu endere?o eletr?nico , clique aqui  
2	Subject: fw : your comate for a lifetime qua we ' ll blow the clouds away - ay - ay - yeah [ repeat * , * * ] i feel good , i feel good , i feel good ( oh yeah ) it ' s for you i ' ll be true , yes i dostop waiting how long will you be with us ? he asked arkh lejpt mzo 6 skafid  
2	Subject: re : summer internship jinbaek , this is fine though you are welcome to spend more time with us this summer . vince jinbaek kim on 03 / 04 / 2001 03 : 45 : 40 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : summer internship dr . kaminski , thanks for your answer . before i tell you the time frame , i ' ll need to talk with my advisor , first . because here is an on - going - project . i need to coordinate the schedule . i ' ll appreciate it if you understand my situation , and give me some time ( less than a week , of course ) . for your reference , probably the dates i ' d like to ask you will be from mid - may to mid - july ( 2 months ) warm regards , jinbaek jinbaek kim ph . d candidate dept . of industrial engineering and operations research u . c . berkeley http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek go bears ! : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` . : a a : _ _ . . . . . _ : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' . : . ' : ` . : ` , ` . ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ; : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . ' ` . ' " ' ; ` . ' ; ` . ` : ` ; . ` . ; ; : ; . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` . _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` . . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ; ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . ' on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > jinbaek , > > you can coordinate the details with me . > let me know what the time frame is for you > and we shall send you an appropriate offer . > > vince > > > > > > jinbaek kim on 03 / 02 / 2001 04 : 43 : 06 pm > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > cc : > subject : re : summer internship > > > dr . kaminski , > > thank you very much . > of course , i ' ll be happy to have an opportunity > to work at such a wonderful company . > i was contacting with surech raghavan at deal bench team , > and was going to express my appreciation to you again > after settling down process with them . > > for the period of working , > i still need to coordinate with my advisor and > may need to adjust according to that . > but anyway , i ' ll try to coordinate smoothly . > > please let me know whether i should keep contacting > with deal bench team , > for working period and > for misc . living support such as finding a place , rent a car , etc . > > i appreciate you so much again , > for arranging such meetings and giving me an opportunity . > all this opportunity will not be available to me , > without your kind help . > > warm regards , > jinbaek > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > jinbaek kim > ph . d candidate > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research > u . c . berkeley > http : / / www . ieor . berkeley . edu / ~ jinbaek > > go bears ! > > : " ' . _ . . - - - . . _ . ' " ; ` . . ' . ' ` . > : a a : _ _ . . . . . _ > : _ . - 0 - . _ : - - - ' " " ' " - . . . . - - ' " ' . > : . ' : ` . : ` , ` . > ` . : ' - - ' - - ' : . ' ; ; > : ` . _ ` - ' _ . ' ; . ' > ` . ' " ' ; > ` . ' ; > ` . ` : ` ; > . ` . ; ; : ; > . ' ` - . ' ; : ; ` . > _ _ . ' . ' . ' : ; ` . > . ' _ _ . ' . ' ` - - . . _ _ _ . _ . ' ; ; > ` . . . . . . ' . ' ` ' " " ' ` . ' ; . . . . . . - ' > ` . . . . . . . - ' ` . . . . . . . . ' > > > on fri , 2 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > > hello , > > > > sorry for a delay in getting back to you . > > we would like very much to offer you a summer internship . > > > > please , let me know if you are interested . > > > > vince kaminski > > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: california update 5 / 23 / 01 there will be a press conference by the assembly republicans at 10 : 30 a . m . pdt to announce their counter - proposal to the mou . this should give further insight and generate market reaction as to whether socal can be saved . the republicans are almost certain to offer something less generous that the original davis transmission line offer . 
2	Subject: enron mentions - 11 / 11 / 01 enron , a giant bargain the new york times , 11 / 11 / 01 dow breaks through pre - attack level the new york times , 11 / 11 / 01 dealings of enron emerging houston chronicle , 11 / 11 / 01 demise of enron a blow to city / as local business pillars crumble , dynegy a bright spot houston chronicle , 11 / 11 / 01 flying blind / by keeping investors in the dark , enron lost its way houston chronicle , 11 / 11 / 01 deregulation not derailed by california ' s meltdown power : though many energy firms were scarred in the state ' s free - market stumble , analysts say they are likely to rebound . los angeles times , 11 / 11 / 01 the thing is : enron the independent - london , 11 / 11 / 01 usa : wall street takes aim at accounting tricks . reuters english news service , 11 / 11 / 01 senate stimulus bill slammed as grab bag of special interests houston chronicle , 11 / 11 / 01 week in review desk ; section 4 november 4 - 10 enron , a giant bargain by richard a oppel jr . 11 / 11 / 2001 the new york times page 2 , column 3 c . 2001 new york times company with its principal business in peril , enron agreed to be acquired by dynegy for $ 9 billion - - one - ninth what it was worth last year . enron , of houston , used political muscle and trading - floor savvy to create new markets for electricity and gas and become the nation ' s dominant energy trader . yet its refusal to explain its finances caught up to it last month , when investors fled after disclosure of an s . e . c . probe and an unusual $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity . after it admitted overstating profits by $ 600 million , other energy companies began to shun enron , putting its trading business in jeopardy . finally , a humbled enron , out of options , threw itself into the arms of dynegy , its much smaller crosstown rival . richard a . oppel jr . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section 3 databank dow breaks through pre - attack level by michael brick 11 / 11 / 2001 the new york times page 15 , column 3 c . 2001 new york times company stocks posted big gains this past week , pushing the dow jones industrial average to its highest close since the sept . 11 attacks . the federal reserve ' s half - point reduction of short - term interest rates on tuesday , to 2 percent - - the 10 th cut this year - - was a big reason for the advance . investors bought stocks on optimism that the latest cut would finally help stimulate the economy . equities got a further lift when reports emerged on friday that seemed to run counter to the fed ' s prediction that the economy would worsen , suggesting an economic turnaround had already started . the university of michigan ' s monthly index of consumer sentiment , a widely followed barometer , showed a november improvement in attitudes about finances and the economy . for the week , the dow jones industrials rose 284 . 46 , or 3 . 05 percent , to 9 , 608 . 00 , the first time since the sept . 11 attacks that the average had closed above its sept . 10 finish of 9 , 605 . 51 . the nasdaq composite index rose 82 . 75 , or 4 . 74 percent , to 1 , 828 . 48 . the standard & poor ' s 500 - stock index rose 36 . 21 , or 3 . 34 percent , to 1 , 120 . 31 . both the nasdaq and s . & p . indexes regained their pre - attack levels in october . michael brick chart : ' ' stocks in the news ' ' baxter international nyse : bax baxter said a chemical that it used to manufacture filters for dialysis patients may have played a role in dozens of deaths around the world . the f . d . a . is investigating those deaths . friday ' s close : $ 47 . 48 week ' s change : - 3 . 10 % est . ' 01 p / e : 27 . 13 cisco systems nnm : csco for the first time this year , cisco ' s revenue increased from the previous quarter . although it had a loss in the first fiscal quarter , the results exceeded wall street ' s expectations . friday ' s close : $ 19 . 20 week ' s change : + 11 . 24 % est . ' 01 p / e : 86 . 49 bellsouth nyse : bls the regional telephone company said it expected revenue to grow 5 to 7 percent in 2002 , compared with sales growth of 8 to 9 percent this year . friday ' s close : $ 39 . 02 week ' s change : + 3 . 67 % est . ' 01 p / e : 17 . 66 microsoft nnm : msft a federal judge plans to hold separate but related proceedings on the proposed antitrust settlement between microsoft and the bush administration . friday ' s close : $ 65 . 21 week ' s change : + 6 . 21 % est . ' 01 p / e : 35 . 44 newport news shipbuilding nyse : nns the company agreed to a $ 2 . 1 billion takeover by northrop grumman , a rival military contractor . northrop will acquire the outstanding shares for $ 67 . 50 each and assume $ 500 million of debt . friday ' s close : $ 67 . 95 week ' s change : - 2 . 09 % est . ' 01 p / e : 20 . 75 dynegy nyse : dyn dynegy has agreed to acquire enron , a rival energy trading company , in a deal valued at about $ 9 billion . it also includes the assumption of around $ 13 billion in enron debt . friday ' s close : $ 38 . 76 week ' s change : + 15 . 87 % est . ' 01 p / e : 18 . 52 palm nnm : palm the hand - held computer maker said that its chief executive , carl j . yankowski , had resigned . the departure comes after a year of missteps , including product delays and inventory buildups . friday ' s close : $ 2 . 65 week ' s change : + 14 . 22 % est . ' 01 p / e : - - h . j . heinz nyse : hnz citing a slowdown in its food - service business , the company lowered its profit targets for the second quarter and for the full fiscal year . friday ' s close : $ 39 . 90 week ' s change : - 7 . 66 % est . ' 01 p / e : 14 . 98 ( source : bloomberg financial markets ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . news dealings of enron emerging tom fowler staff 11 / 11 / 2001 houston chronicle 4 star 16 ( copyright 2001 ) the enron name may soon fade away , but the federal securities investigation that helped erode the energy giant ' s foundation is not over yet . the 3 1 / 2 - week - old securities and exchange commission probe into enron corp . ' s finances is likely drawing closer to answering questions about complex partnerships that wiped out more than $ 1 billion in shareholder value and almost $ 600 million in profits . sec officials don ' t discuss their works in progress , but already the results are becoming clear . the company admitted that massive accounting errors over the past four years led it to overstate its profits and understate its debts , an admission that no doubt saved the company from some sec penalties , say observers . and the company has gradually distanced itself from its former chief financial officer - considered the architect behind some of the deals - and indicated that other employees were personally involved in the partnerships without its knowledge . but the culpability of enron ' s current or former employees , if any , won ' t be clear for some time . on oct . 17 , the day after enron reported an unexpected third - quarter loss , the sec began asking enron questions about two off - balance - sheet partnerships , called ljml and ljm 2 . they were formed to help the company grow without adding additional debt or diluting stock valuations , and were also used to help hedge against the risks in some of enron ' s newer lines of business . former cfo andy fastow formed the partnerships with the approval of the company ' s board of directors , attorneys and auditors . his dual role as cfo and managing partner of those two partnerships had the appearance of a conflict of interest , even though enron insisted that measures were taken to prevent any illegal or unethical behavior . the sec ' s role in looking at the partnerships isn ' t to prevent company executives from having conflicts of interest in their dealings , however , but rather to make sure the companies fully disclose those conflicts or any situations that may appear to be conflicts , said john coates , a professor at harvard law school . " so although they have a role in determining that all the information in enron ' s proxy was correct and that all transactions were reported , they were not responsible for determining whether or not the transactions were done on fair terms , " coates said . item 404 of sec regulation s - k requires companies to disclose any transactions where executive officers personally benefit by $ 60 , 000 or more . that disclosure should include their direct and indirect interests in the deal , the amount of money or assets they receive through it and other information . as in all rules , however , there are certain exceptions . if an executive ' s compensation from a deal is less than 10 percent of the value of the overall transaction , they may not need to disclose all of those details , coates said . that stipulation could possible give enron cover for not having previously disclosed the $ 30 million fastow earned through the partnerships . " but there are times when the companies may have followed the letter of the rules and the sec still pushes them to fully disclose the details , " he said . whether or not enron needed to disclose previously the investments or profits that a number of other employees made in some of the partnerships is also hard to discern . the company said this week that in addition to fastow , five other employees invested in the deals . two of those employees - ben glisan , a managing director and treasurer of enron corp . , and kristina mordaunt , a managing director and general counsel of an enron division - were terminated by enron this week . the other employees , including fastow and executives michael kopper , kathy lynn and anne yeager , no longer work for enron . the company didn ' t mention how much those individuals invested or how much benefit , if any , they reaped from the deals . some of the employees may not even fall under the disclosure rule since it doesn ' t give a clear definition of what positions are " executive officers . " the company has gradually distanced itself from fastow and the partnerships since the problems arose . shortly after the earnings report last month lay said he and the board stood by fastow , but a day later replaced him . on oct . 31 , the day enron said the sec had upgraded its review of the finances from a simple inquiry to a formal investigation , the company announced that its board of directors had created a special investigation committee of its own . a company spokeswoman stressed that the committee had the power to take disciplinary action against any enron employee , officer or director who it determines " improperly participated in the transactions . " in its sec filing that outlined the partnerships on thursday , the company said it was aware of the partnerships but required that certain safeguards be put in place and that the transactions be approved and reviewed regularly . " whether these controls and procedures were properly implemented is a subject of the special committee ' s investigation , " the statement said . at a friday news conference , lay said the board was aware of the formation of one of the partnerships but that he was not aware that glisan and mordaunt were investing in the partnerships . lay deflected many of the questions regarding the investigation , saying a conference call would be held next week . shareholders have lined up behind lawsuits against the company , the partnerships , and even the company ' s law firm , vinson & elkins . " disclosure cases and state corporate law cases are all but assured in situations like this , " coates said . " even if the sec does very little , the shareholders will still line up . " photo : the new enron corp . building , framed by a curved walkway , is still under construction in downtown houston . if dynegy ' s proposal is approved , the $ 200 million , 40 - story building will be among its new assets in the purchase of its much larger rival . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . news demise of enron a blow to city / as local business pillars crumble , dynegy a bright spot david kaplan staff 11 / 11 / 2001 houston chronicle 4 star 1 ( copyright 2001 ) it seems like only days ago that enron corp . was being held up as an example of a company that could see the future . the wizards of wall street were marveling at the corporation ' s bold , innovative strategies . in houston , high - flying enron was erecting its new headquarters downtown , a tall and shiny skyscraper , the city ' s first in more than a decade . and now , almost suddenly , enron is vanishing . in the past few months , three pillars of houston ' s economy and business leadership have fallen on hard times . compaq computer corp . , the centerpiece of houston ' s technology image , may be sold . continental airlines has laid off thousands as it adjusts to a slowing economy and the aftermath of sept . 11 in the travel business . and only months ago , houston lost the headquarters of american general as the company was sold to american international group . now enron will disappear as it is absorbed by one of its rivals . what impact does all of this negative business news have on houston ' s image ? the recent wave of corporate downturns has some experts concerned , but others say that when they look at the big picture they are still optimistic . " the fact we have had multiple blows has certainly had a negative effect in the short run , " said barton smith , director of the institute for regional forecasting at the university of houston . but in the long run , smith said , a city ' s future has more to do with its quality of life and the quality of its infrastructure than whether the city has lost or attracted a major headquarters . " when boeing left seattle , we said , ` poor seattle , ' " smith said . " ( three months later ) seattle is still growing and still known as a good place to live . " what is more important in terms of houston ' s corporate image and its image in general , smith said , is " whether it ' s easy to get around and get to work and how smoothly a businessman can get to tokyo or london . " smith believes houstonians should be more concerned about other local problems such as getting the city ' s pollution problem " under control in a rational way . " if houston continues to be known as one of the most polluted cities in america , smith said , " that will continue to haunt us . " the demise of enron is " certainly not good news , nor was compaq good news , " said steve klineberg , a rice university professor of sociology . the two companies enhanced the city ' s image and stature , klineberg said , in that they signified that houston was moving out of a 20 th - century oil - based economy into a 21 st - century economy based on information and technology . in terms of image , the enron news is more damaging within the business community than to the perception of houston by the world at large , said steve currall , associate professor of management psychology and statistics at the jesse h . jones graduate school of management at rice university . " enron has very little business - to - consumer activity , and for the average person on the street " it doesn ' t mean much , he said . but it is significant to the business community , currall said . enron has been a fortune 10 company and consistently ranked as one of the most innovative companies in america . " and i think the struggles of enron ( have ) a negative impact " in the business community , he said . " houston has benefited from a company like enron , which has made the city a world headquarters for energy trading , " currall said . " it made us a hub for the development of financial management innovations . " it ' s part of the reason why enron and dynegy resonate with the wall street gang . they say , ` that trading stuff down there is cool . ' it ' s the convergence of highly sophisticated finance and the energy industry . " currall said he is delighted that dynegy is enron ' s " suitor " because it keeps the people and operations in houston . " that ' s great news for houston , " he said . others agreed that the presence of dynegy in houston will soften the blow . enron being bought by dynegy , another houston firm , is " like a couple of cousins getting together , " said barry silverman , a marketing and management consultant . " in a sense , there is no loss for houston , " said david crossley , president of the gulf coast institute , a nonprofit group that promotes quality - of - life issues in the area . " who would have thought that a company in houston was capable of buying enron ? " crossley said . it makes dynegy a bigger company and , he said , creates a certain mystique about houston since both cutting - edge businesses are here . david morris , the managing partner of the houston office of heidrick & struggles , an executive recruiting firm , believes that houston has been unfairly stereotyped as having a " gunslinger " style of business environment , and he is concerned that " what ' s perceived as a gunslinging type of accounting at enron will be underscored once again . " but what should really be emphasized , morris said , is houston ' s creativity . " that enron took an old - line industry of gas transmission and re - created it into the marketing of gas and trading of gas and hedging of the price for gas - creating different value streams in the same industry - and did it before the rest of the world could grasp it all is pretty amazing , and none of that is going away , " he said . that point was echoed by don henderson , vice president and managing director of hyatt regency , houston , and the recent chairman of the greater houston convention and visitors bureau . " when you think of new york , you think of the stock market , " he said , " and when you think of chicago , you think of agribusiness . " and more and more when you think of houston , it ' s energy as a commodity . and it ' s only going to be stronger with all the mergers and acquisitions because the business of trading energy as a commodity is only going to grow . " henderson maintained that houston is still the envy of much of the country . houston has always been one of the continuously booming economies , he said , and " has bounced back quicker and stronger than any region . " to offer an example of the city ' s resilience and appeal , henderson noted that hewlett - packard chief executive officer carly fiorina recently stated that the work force of compaq ' s houston campus might increase in size in part because of the city ' s business - friendly environment compared to what she described as a less friendly business climate in california . silverman maintained that the recent experiences of various local businesses " won ' t hurt our image at all . " " in this global economy , you often see companies changing names and headquarters , " he said . " it ' s like a monopoly game . " i bet if i asked 100 people where microsoft is headquartered , 50 of them couldn ' t tell me . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . outlook editorials flying blind / by keeping investors in the dark , enron lost its way staff 11 / 11 / 2001 houston chronicle 4 star 2 ( copyright 2001 ) last spring , enron chairman ken lay told a leadership forum at the university of houston that his goal was to make enron the no . 1 company in the world . six months later , enron was fighting for its life . in a $ 7 . 8 billion stock deal struck friday , enron will cease to exist as its operations are folded into rival houston energy firm dynegy . enron , in recent years one of houston ' s most important corporations , did not reach this pass because its ambitions were too high . unlike the mythical icarus , enron did not fly too near the sun , melting the wax of its wings . enron ' s troubles came because some of its top executives chose to do much of their piloting under cover of darkness . in the process , they lost their way . by using several mysterious partnerships to finance projects and shield risk and debt from public scrutiny , enron ' s leaders set the stage for the vicious circle in which drops in earnings and investor confidence and creditworthiness followed and exacerbated one another . the deals became so complicated and impenetrable that enron ' s directors , who approved them , no longer knew whether the company ' s revenues and assets were coming or going . the securities and exchange commission is investigating enron ' s financial arrangements and questionable bookkeeping , and an enron spokesman says the company now finds it difficult to know the state of the partnerships it owned or controlled . following months during which enron ' s announcements regarding departing executives lacked both accuracy and candor , the company this past week restated its finances back to 1997 , subtracting $ 586 million from its net income and adding $ 2 . 5 billion to its debt . regardless of what the sec inquiry finds , enron ' s revised accounting makes a good case for congressional or regulatory elimination of whatever loopholes allowed enron to inflate its income and obscure its debt . enron officials say a special board committee is investigating the financial arrangements between former enron executives and the obscure investment partnerships they managed or controlled . an enron spokesman said the committee would make public its findings " at an appropriate time . " the appropriateness of that time diminishes the further it gets from the present . neither enron officials nor investors need to wait for the committee ' s report to conclude that letting executives profit on the side from the partnerships while sticking stockholders with the liabilities was inappropriate . for the sake of enron , its stockholders and the citizens of houston , who depend on enron ' s contribution to the economy and the civic life of the city , that arrangement must not be repeated . much of enron ' s problems stem from straightforward but imprudent or ill - timed investments : a power plant in india , broadband capacity not needed in a collapsing telecommunications market , and a doomed venture into the water business - azurix corp . those losses might have been survivable , had enron not denied its own transactions the transparency it sought for global energy markets . copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk deregulation not derailed by california ' s meltdown power : though many energy firms were scarred in the state ' s free - market stumble , analysts say they are likely to rebound . nancy rivera brooks times staff writer 11 / 11 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 1 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company branded as lawless cowboys by california politicians and consumer advocates , energy merchants rode skyrocketing electricity and natural gas prices to new stock highs during the worst of california ' s energy crisis . but in recent months these energy companies - - names such as duke , dynegy , reliant , aes , mirant , williams and el paso corp . - - have seen their fortunes dim as california ' s electricity meltdown has slowed the pace of deregulation nationwide , power prices have tumbled and the economy has faltered . even power plant owners and energy trading operations that have maintained healthy earnings growth have watched their stock performance fade . and then there ' s the enron effect . enron corp . , cast as the heavy by california politicians , has suffered the biggest fall of all and has helped to drag down stocks of other energy producers and traders . enron ' s woes appear to be a special case in that they flow less from its energy businesses than from a loss of investor confidence in the company ' s complex and shadowy financial structure , with a resulting cash crunch . nonetheless , enron ' s detractors are crowing at the rapid decline of the truest believer in electricity deregulation , the movement to take businesses controlled for decades by monopoly utilities and throw open the generation , trading and retail sale of electricity to new competitors . but just as enron is not dead , neither is electricity deregulation , energy experts contend . though several states have delayed their deregulation plans and some major corporate players are tempering their enthusiasm , other states and corporations press ahead . it ' s a tough new world for energy companies that will bring profit opportunities for some and acquisitions of low - priced players , analysts say . enron , once the most brash of the energy peddlers , has agreed to be acquired by archrival dynegy inc . in a $ 7 . 7 - billion stock deal . yet when the economy and power prices improve , energy companies will see their prospects gleam again , analysts say . " deregulation is a train that ' s not going to be derailed . it may be delayed , but it ' s coming , " said jon kyle cartwright , senior energy analyst with brokerage firm raymond james & associates . " when the economy rebounds , we ' re going to see higher energy prices again , " cartwright said . " that means that the guys who sell power , the guys who manufacture power - - they ' re going to have very bright futures . " less than a year ago , when energy prices were headed for record territory in california and a winter of electricity shortages plagued the state , the favorite whipping boys of gov . gray davis and other politicians were such energy sellers as enron , aes corp . , dynegy , duke energy corp . , reliant energy inc . , mirant corp . , williams cos . and el paso corp . all are energy companies that own power plants in california or sell electricity or natural gas in the state at prices deemed by state officials to be higher than those a truly competitive market would have produced . the energy companies have denied that they overcharged californians , and federal regulators investigating the matter have so far ordered only limited refunds of electricity revenues . nonetheless , southern california edison co . and pacific gas & electric co . lost so much money paying for electricity - - costs they could not pass on to customers because of a rate freeze - - that they became insolvent . pg management has been tight - lipped about the purpose and holdings of the investment vehicles . takeover rumors swirled last week around enron before dynegy announced the deal friday , underscoring predictions of general industry consolidation because of low stock prices . some firms thriving , but not their stocks some companies are still going strong , although their stocks remain depressed . that includes companies on the receiving end of potshots from california ' s politicians and utility regulators such as duke energy , dynegy , mirant , nrg corp . and williams , as well as san jose - based calpine corp . , which was repeatedly praised by davis for playing a constructive role during the crisis . calpine , for instance , said third - quarter profit and revenue doubled because the electricity producer increased sales by adding power plants . and yet its stock is down 55 % from a 52 - week high of $ 58 reached in march . " these are the energy merchants that seem to have the best grasp on the market and on risk management , " said chris ellinghaus , power and natural gas analyst with williams capital in new york . many of these companies are diversified geographically and by the fuel they use to generate electricity and had locked in favorable contracts that protected them when power prices fell this summer , he said . abn amro utility analyst paul patterson said investors have turned away from these companies , even the healthy ones , because the business " isn ' t as exciting as it used to be . " " people go on earnings momentum . it ' s kind of like having your dessert first , " patterson said . " once the best is over , you lose your appetite . " one company trying to adapt to deregulation ' s devolution in california is commonwealth energy corp . , which has survived a run - in with the california public utilities commission and the suspension in california of direct access , commonwealth ' s primary business of selling electricity directly to consumers and businesses . commonwealth energy was one of the more than 300 companies that flocked to california to sell retail electricity to the customers of southern california edison , pg & e and san diego gas ; photographer : robert gauthier / los angeles times ; graphic : landscape for electricity , los angeles times ; ; graphic : losing wattage , los angeles times ; copyright ? 2000 dow jones on friday they were worth a tenth of that . the market felt there was good reason to push the stock to those heights . here was a company that had , for many years , appeared to make all the right moves . as the group transformed itself from a dull utility into an exciting mix of energy trading , communications and services , it seemed never to put a foot wrong . " you had such an outstanding and arrogant company , " said roger hamilton , a senior fund manager at john hancock , " they were the giant . everything in the energy industry touched enron . " the company even managed to persuade investors its convoluted management structure , which some believe is the root cause of its demise , was a positive thing . " you can ' t kiss the ass of 24 people , " said former enron chairman jeffrey skilling . " and together those 24 people are more likely to have the interests of the shareholders at heart than any one person . " unfortunately , behind the scenes , all hell was breaking loose . the last couple of months have given the market a long , embarrassing string of revelations about the company it once cherished . the company has $ 13 bn of outstanding debt , and has found its access to funds extremely limited . two weeks ago , as a measure of its desperation , enron had to secure a rescue loan against its 25 , 000 - mile network of gas pipelines . along the way , details of the group ' s botched expansion into india have made for supremely depressing reflections on management . crowning the whole sorry tale , and driving the shares down 80 per cent , was the opening last month of a securities and exchange commission probe into the accounting for some of enron ' s partnerships . last week came the sacking of the group ' s treasurer and corporate lawyer , and a revision of earnings for the last four years to the tune of half - a - billion dollars . despite it all , dynergy ' s bid could be the steal of the century . until all its troubles are out in the open , enron may be just a little too grimy for many potential buyers . but even the most bearish analysts can see there are rich pickings from the old enron empire . dynergy ' s big problem is snapping them up before the big boys , including chevron or shell , poach the good stuff . leo lewis copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : wall street takes aim at accounting tricks . by deepa babington 11 / 11 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 11 ( reuters ) - wall street is starting to refuse to bite the bait on dubious earnings numbers highlighted by corporations in press releases . companies tout profit figures , frequently called pro forma results , that strip out unseemly one - time charges and expenses at record levels - more than $ 200 billion this year alone . investors , analysts , and accountants are revolting , and pressure is building to do away with the medley of different profit numbers or at least cut down on it . standard & poor ' s , a major compiler of earnings and other financial data , now will treat restructuring charges , stock option expenses , and write - downs from ongoing operations as part of a company ' s operating earnings - items that many companies exclude from their version of operating earnings . " in the past , s & p would take a company ' s special charges at their word , " said s & p analyst robert friedman , who was involved in the project . " but now we ' re going to say , ' hey , wait a minute . ' " the decision underscores the momentum building on wall street to scrutinize corporate accounting . one recent high - profile victim of this movement was enron corp . the energy trading company faced a crisis in investor confidence after it became clear it had boosted profits and racked up debt through complex financial transactions known as off - balance sheet deals . the deals , which were structured so they wouldn ' t show up on enron ' s balance sheet , caused enron to chop almost $ 600 million off earnings for the last four years . the once - mighty company lost $ 20 billion in market value , and on friday agreed to be bought by smaller rival dynegy inc . investors are scared of such stock market casualties . that ' s partly why they want to crack down on pro - forma numbers , which often present a much rosier picture of a company ' s performance because they exclude a whole bevy of costs that drag down the bottom line . " hopefully , this will put pressure on companies to think twice when they put out their financials , " said friedman . tech companies , in particular , conveniently have stripped out everything from inventory write - downs to severance costs from their bottom - line figures and pressured analysts to do the same with their earnings estimates . mobile phone maker motorola inc . , for example , reported a third - quarter pro forma loss of $ 153 million early last month . after including charges for investment impairments , cost reduction activities and additional reserves for its financing of a turkish cellular operator , however , the company posted a whopping $ 1 . 4 billion loss . a motorola spokesman was not available for comment . the practice has also made it difficult for analysts and investors to compare the results of one company against its peers as each comes up with its own ideas of what should be included in pro forma earnings . " there are so many variants of pro forma that it can cloud comparisons , " said david zion , an accounting analyst at bear stearns . the proliferation of these reports has also caught the attention of the nation ' s accounting rule makers , even though they don ' t have the authority to police press releases . the financial accounting standards board ( fasb ) two weeks ago said it is pressing ahead with a project that will look at how some closely watched items such as pension fund income should be classified and presented in financial statements . corporate america was not enthused by the idea and several corporations wrote to the accounting body urging it not to go ahead with the plan , said the project ' s senior manager , ronald bossio . but fund managers and investors are applauding . in a survey of 223 portfolio managers by capital markets firm broadgate consultants , nine out of 10 stock pickers said companies need to improve how they report results . fasb needs to come up with one key indicator of financial performance , and companies should abide by it , they basically said . if the accounting rule - making body accepted ebitda , or earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization , as a key measure , companies ought to calculate it in a consistent manner and display it as a separate item on their statements , almost all managers agreed . " i think that pro forma thing is just a way to get around generally accepted accounting principles , " said debra mcneill , a portfolio manager at fremont investment advisors . " i think there needs to be some guidelines to be set out on pro forma numbers , but it does not necessarily need to be banned . copyright ? 2000 dow jones instead , they extend a slew of tax breaks , routinely approved by congress , which are about to expire . at the white house , spokesman ari fleischer said the senate bill contained " too much spending and not enough stimulus . " he lambasted the $ 220 million in the bill for bison meat , eggplant , cauliflower and pumpkin growers - in essence , a government subsidy for commodities that have " experienced low prices during the 2000 or 2001 crop years . " thirty - four commodities would qualify . but senate finance committee chairman max baucus , d - mont . , said aid for the ailing agricultural sector is an appropriate element of a recovery plan . " when our national economy declines , rural areas are often among the areas that are hit the hardest and that recover slowest , " baucus said . another industry that could benefit from the senate bill is the motion picture industry . like the house bill , the senate bill allows businesses more quickly to write off their investments in assets whose value depreciates over a number of years . but unlike the house legislation , the senate bill includes a provision specifying that films are a depreciable asset qualifying for the tax break . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: eastrans nomination changes effective 8 / 2 / 00 please increase deliveries to eastrans to 25 , 000 mmbtu / dy for 8 / 2 / 00 . the redeliveries will be : 7 , 800 from fuels cotton valley 17 , 200 to pg & e 
2	Subject: buy cia ' lis softtabs online for less ' . viagra ' s newest and best rival cialls has been around for some time now it ' s available in softtabs save 70 % shipped world wide no prescription required more | nfo here re . move me  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121705 . txt 
2	Subject: stock rumors that become true and profitabie bio - matrix scientific group , inc . symbo | : bmxg . pk industry : biotechnoiogy ; stem ceil technoiogies . current price : . 85 shares out . : 8 . 0 miliion est . float : 2 . 5 miilion projected vaiuation : 3 . 5 o per share bio - matrix scientific - banking on stem cel | research . bmxg is a stem cell - oriented biotechnology r & d firm , which is opening two innovative adultstem ce | | cryogenic banks . cryobanks wil | provide near - term revenue stream whiie bmxg deveiops new and innovative stem cell technologies and products . the stem cel | revoiution : with breakthroughs in the late 1990 ' s , stem ce | | research has been one of the most exciting deveiopments in biotechnology , promising to aid in the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases , including leukemia , cancer , and diabetes . scientists say stem celis are the future of medical science , offering potentia | cures to a host of diseases and degenerative conditions . market research firm , visiongain has estimated that stem cel | products wil | account for over 10 billion in annual sales by 2013 - phenomena | growth for an industry which did not exist only a few years ago . one of the most significant , near - term commercialization opportunities for this research has been in the use of stem celis for bone marrow transpiant . increasingiy , individuais are choosing to store their own stem ceils in cryogenic banks for future use in fighting disease . a new industry of cord biood banks and speciaiized transpiant ciinics has aiready risen to meet this demand , and successful technology couid meet the annua | need for over 15 o , oo 0 operations . viacel | has estimated that the market for cord biood preservation is over 1 . 2 biliion in the us , and 2 bi | | ion giobaily . for our most recent active trader ' s profile , we have discovered a sma | | rapidly emerging company that is quickly becoming a major piayer in the stem cell revoiution , bio - matrix scientific . about the company : bmxg bio - matrix scientific grp . , inc . ( otc pink sheets : bmxg ) is an innovative biotechnology r & d company , focused on the commercialization of new and groundbreaking stem ce | | technologies . the company has focused its initia | efforts on the launch of an innovative aduitcryogenic stem ce | | bank which wil | store stem ce | | tissues for use in treatment of future diseases and aiiments . the company pians to launch its initial cryogenic stem cell facilities in mid - 2 oo 5 , and is additionaily expioring opportunities for commerciaiization of new technoiogies in tissue management , stem cel | research instrumentation , and bio - systems monitoring . with impending estabiishment of an aduitstem ce | | cryobank , research efforts at the forefront of the stem ce | | market , and experienced management team , we expect bio - matrix scientific grp . to emerge as the newest and most dynamic player in the expiosive stem cell research market . investment highiights : bmxg is exceptionaliy wel | positioned at the forefront of one of the most exciting new frontiers in biotech - stem ce | | research . while stem cell therapy is stil | a new concept , expectations are high with research firm visiongain estimating that stem cell product revenues will exceed 10 billion by 2 ol 3 . recently , caiifornia voters approved proposition 71 , a landmark piece of legisiation that provides 3 bi | | ion in stem ce | | funding over the next decade . with its initial focus on the estabiishment of stem ce | | cryogenic stem cell storage faciiities , bmxg is weil situated in a growing and commercialiy successful market . there are more than lo major cord biood banks in the worid , preserving celis from more than 35 , 00 o donors . viace | | has estimated that this market is 1 . 2 billion in the us and over 2 biilion woridwide . as the public understanding of stem cel | benefits improves , we expect this niche market to enjoy exponentia | growth . as the foremost stem cel | banker focused on the storage of aduitstem - cell growth bmxg is a trendsetter in this market . bmxg is making aggressive entry into the stem cel | instrumentation market with deveiopment of new medical devices specifica | | y designed to facilitate the remova | and transpiant of stem celis . the company is in the process of securing patent protection for its inteliectua | properties , and we expect this to prove a major growth cataiyst for bmxg going forward . the company benefits from a surprisingly strong ( for a pink sheets company ) and experienced management team , who have combined financial acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising mode | for growth in the stem ceil market . the company ' s senior management team , heimed by david koos , phd , has extensive experience in capita | financing and public company management , while its research efforts under dr . phiiip watts ( phd - caitech ) are involved in the newest academic research into stem cell . investment conciusion : projected vaiuation : 3 . 5 o per share wa | | street has been quick to the react to the potential of stem ceil research and stem cel | stocks are outperforming all of the major biotech indices . leading stem cel | research companies such as stemceils , inc . ( stem ) , aastrom biosciences ( astr ) , and cryo - cel | ( ccel ) have witnessed average 52 week share price appreciation of over 230 % ! with its enviable position in stem cel | research , strong management team , and cryobank operations , we think bmxg has the potentia | to demonstrate this type of performance over the coming year , and urge you to consider adding bmxg to your portfolio today . good luck and successfu | trading . this pubiication is an independent pubiication with the goa | of giving investors the necessary knowiedge to make rational and profitable investment decisions . this pubiication does not provide an analysis of the companys financia | position and is not an solicitation to purchase or se | | securities investing in securities is specuiative and carries risk . it is advisable that any investment shouid be made after consuiting with your investment expert and after reviewing the financia | statements of the company . the information in this report is beiieved to be reliable , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not insure similar future results . this is not purported to be a compiete and thorough analysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete review of the company ' s reguiatory filings at secgov the information herein contains future looking statements and information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , inciuding statements regarding expected continua | growth of the featured company . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of six thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate sharehoider of the company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . all factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company web sites , sec fiiings and company press releases . this information is believed to be reliable but can make no absoiute certainty as to its accuracy or completeness . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . those factors may include an accumuiated deficit since its inception , a negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers , directors and a majority sharehoider to pay expenses , nomina | cash and the need to raise capita | . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor . use of the materia | within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance of the terms in this closing statement . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our list , please go here ( - stoxo 010 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 17 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011708 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: assume enw is doing for you what you need done during this difficult time . i know what sally and her team have been doing for the effort for the last few weeks as well as systems and eol . i have been working with jay webb , brad richter , sally , bob hall , pickering , etc . constantly on many issues , including ea , and they tell me you are getting what you need . i assume you will call directly if you are not getting anything you need or are concerned or need me personally for anything . thanks . greg piper president & ceo enron net works llc _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: wallet size telephone cards for the research group hi dee : per our conversation , i am attaching the listing of the research group . we would like 50 sets of the wallet size telephone cards made up . our co . # is 0011 and our rc # is 100038 . if you have any questions , please call me at 3 - 5290 . thanks and have a great day ! shirley 
2	Subject: contractors that have worked 9 + months at enron your hr generalist will be contacting you in the next few days to strategize with you regarding the status of contractors in your group that have worked nine or more months at enron . our goal is to limit possible liability that may exist within your group . please let us know what times would be best for you to meet with us and we will schedule accordingly . hector g . mcloughlin , phr human resources enron net works office : 713 - 853 - 6703 cell : 713 - 854 - 0839 
2	Subject: fw : new _ co retention payment file - - - - - original message - - - - - from : philpott , charles sent : tuesday , december 11 , 2001 10 : 28 am to : slone , jeanie subject : new _ co retention payment file jeanie , see attached . charles 
2	Subject: easy , convenient and discreet - order prescription drugs online . inflame your passion . . . tonight ! business ? it ' s quite simple . it ' s other people ' s money . all things are difficult before they are easy . he that plants trees loves others beside himself . 
2	Subject: ena meeting and event expenditure approval process the approval process initiated in 1998 for all meeting and event expenditures in excess of $ 5 , 000 has enabled ena to better assess the business value of events , accurately track our activities and save money . these events include customer and employee meetings , and trade shows . ena has made some modifications to the process , which are described in this memo . the $ 5 , 000 threshold remains in effect for all customer events . however , the threshold for approval for employee meetings and events has been lowered to $ 2 , 000 , and some additional requirements must be met prior to approval . please be sure to follow the procedures described below for all meetings and events , so we can continue to successfully manage these events . 1 ) prior to making any commitments to customers or vendors , all customer events with anticipated costs in excess of $ 5 , 000 , and all employee events with anticipated costs in excess of $ 2 , 000 must be reviewed by the ena public relations ( pr ) department and approved by the ena office of the chairman 2 ) the pr department will handle the site search and hotel contract negotiations for all such events . once this is completed , the pr department will work with you to plan and produce your event in its entirety ; or they can provide as much or as little assistance as you require . the pr department will be responsible for helping you achieve the best value for your program and ena . 3 ) a completed expenditure request form ( see attached ) and supporting documentation is required for each event . employee meetings require a detailed agenda as part of the event documentation prior to approval . please submit the completed expenditure request form and documentation to the pr department at eb 3642 , or work with pr department employees to complete the form . 4 ) after pr review , the expenditure will be submitted to the ena office of the chairman for final approval . additionally , the pr department can assist in the procurement of tickets for various local sporting events and concerts . if you have any questions regarding this process , would like assistance planning an event , or need tickets for a houston event , please contact dorie hitchcock in the pr department at ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 . thank you for your cooperation . 
2	Subject: http : / / www . copsewood . net hello , i have visited www . copsewood . net and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: high quality sexy married ladies looking for discrete encounters dating cheating house wives is very exciting , and these ladies are looking for one thing , sex on the side . most members are all married and do not want their husband or wife to find out , so be discrete with all members . we believe we provide a valuable service to our customers . see photos and profiles in your area click here for no more promotions - cick  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe iilustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , shae  
2	Subject: huge savings on cialis - all meds shipped overnight up to 80 % savings on xanax , valium , cialis , viagra , tylenol 3 & more here for email removal , go here . evans grandchild bran central binghamton cabaret expiration stake wash incorrigible robbin robotics schultz melanie cater solitude expletive bingedylan angus befog commend culbertson dennis clannish igloo wordy naive bunsen scandium iberia certificate amorphous tate childhood easelbuttock endomorphism pinch profound scottsdale deathbed dolomite radiochemical obsidian cumulate abominate alvarez rhinoceros adequacy scottsdale chilean meticulous hookupvicky quay whet craftsperson compton appleby amply fount did antaeus cheetah betony covetous pensive nurse emittance welcome delta stoop boa couple magog billfold thunderflower scalar fermat ubiquity arkansas alewife coma seed 
2	Subject: re : potential gas system exposure i agree with your concerns . i didn ' t go into all the specifics previously because of the audience of the e - mail . this is the intended procedure for use of the dummy account : both the east and the west load gas books into the enpower system nightly ( this is not one person ' s responsibility but the entire group ' s responsibility ) . previously , the only message we get for this load is a success that all the books went somewhere in enpower with the installation of the new ' dummy ' account , the message will now tell us if one of the books was loaded to this ' dummy ' account if an eol bridge mistakenly puts gas deals in a power gas book that was not correctly mapped , the position would go to the ' dummy ' account if an eol bridge mistakenly puts gas deals in a power gas book that was correctly mapped , the position would show up in that trader ' s gas positions depending on which load ( east or west ) has a book that was mapped to the ' dummy ' account will determine which group investigates ( with it ) what however , with the new ' alert ' it will provide us better data than we had before and it will keep the unmapped positions out of the west portfolio . the only time the west would be affected by this change in the future is if a new power gas book is set up for your traders . i hope i have addressed your concerns . if i have not , please give me a call or e - mail me back . thanks , stacey ( 3 - 1870 ) to : stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : potential gas system exposure does any of this impact the west anymore ? who is going to be " alerted when positions are loaded to the ' dummy ' account . " ? what ' s the procedure for resolving ? what happens if eol dumps trades to a dummy account ? what happens if the person who is watching the dummy account is out sick or on vacation or leaves enron or is asleep at the wheel ? given the volatility of the commodities that we are trading and the fact that manual processes inevitably create errors ( as is evidenced by a $ 7 million hit we took yesterday because one keystroke on deal entry was done incorrectly last summer ) i think it ' s important to raise these issues . to : tim belden / hou / ect @ ect cc : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate , steve nat / enron @ enronxgate , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : potential gas system exposure the mapping problem mentioned below is a power desk problem only . the mapping problem is purely between the interface of the gas and power trading systems and does not affect the book if it is strictly a gas trader ' s gas book . there was one instance when a gas trader ' s transactions were incorrectly bridged to a power trader ' s gas book through eol . the root of this problem was with the eol bridge not the interface mapping . the procedure to set up a gas book for power traders includes communication to it regarding the appropriate interface mapping of the book . if for some reason the mapping does not occur , the position will be mapped to a ' dummy ' default desk . we will be alerted when positions are loaded to the ' dummy ' account on a nightly basis in order to investigate the problem and ensure that positions do no get lost in the system . if anyone needs to further discuss the problem we have been having and why it is only the power world that is affected , please give me a call . thanks , stacey ( 3 - 1870 ) from : tim belden 02 / 14 / 2001 05 : 25 pm to : john j lavorato / corp / enron , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / hou / ect , steve nat / corp / enron cc : subject : potential gas system exposure for some period of time , various west power desks have been the default desk which received gas positions for new books that were not properly setup in tagg . i have worked with our risk team and the techology group to get west power out of this problem . i ' m happy with the result from the west power point of view . i am writing to alert you that one half of the problem still exists . if someone does a gas deal and hasn ' t set up a new book properly and doesn ' t carefully track his / her position , the trade goes into a dummy book that nobody manages . days , weeks , or months later you discover the trade and take the hit or the gain . i think that this risk is real because we were the ones finding the misplaced gas trades before - - not the gas desk with the misplaced trade . now nobody will find them unless the gas trader realizes that some of his / her position is missing . these are the facts as i understand them . i ' m sure that stacey white , steve nat , and monica lande could fill you in with more detailed information . let me know if i can be of further assistance . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tim belden / hou / ect on 02 / 14 / 2001 02 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - monica lande 02 / 14 / 2001 02 : 34 pm to : tim belden / hou / ect @ ect cc : fran chang / pdx / ect @ ect , valarie sabo / pdx / ect @ ect , samantha law / pdx / ect @ ect subject : re : remaining problem with west tot tim , steve has described the problem accurately . setting up a dummy book solves the problem for us , but not for enron as a whole . if no one monitors the dummy book on the daily basis ( which probably won ' t happen if there is no ownership ) , then you still have the possibility of positions falling into that book and never showing up in the book that they were intended . why can ' t a process be put in place for the initial set - up of a book in tagg ? monica to : fran chang / pdx / ect @ ect , monica lande / pdx / ect @ ect , valarie sabo / pdx / ect @ ect , samantha law / pdx / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : remaining problem with west tot do you guys agree ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tim belden / hou / ect on 02 / 14 / 2001 01 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : steve nat / enron @ enronxgate on 02 / 14 / 2001 03 : 49 pm cst to : tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect cc : beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : remaining problem with west tot tim , the root problem was related to the default mapping logic in the ' interface ' job that moves the erms gas calc results to the portcalc results tables . if mapping logic is not set up for a new book , the job was defaulting the gas deals to the st - plt desk . the default mapping has been changed to a dummy zz _ erms book , which will prevent the deals from showing up in the wrong book if the mapping logic is not updated . in reference to beth ' s concerns . . . turns out this was a limitation in our production code , not an it change to production data , so we should be ok on that front . the long - term solution would be to remove the hard - coded logic , set - up table structures , and maintain the mapping rules through a user screen . given our other priorities , and the default logic change , we will not pursue this option . let me know if you have any other questions or concerns . steve - - - - - original message - - - - - from : belden , tim sent : wednesday , february 14 , 2001 11 : 49 am to : white , stacey cc : perlman , beth ; nat , steve subject : re : remaining problem with west tot thanks for the concise description of the problem . i should have cc ' d you on the original message . your description is much better than mine . now that beth has a better understanding of the issue , how long will it take to get solved ! ? to : beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate @ enron cc : tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , steve nat / enron @ enronxgate @ enron subject : re : remaining problem with west tot > the problem is not that we should enter a reversing trade in the system as this would misrepresent the positions across the board . the problem is that the position belongs to another book within enpower . the users have no access to the screens which define where our gas books are mapped in enpower ; therefore , it has to manually define the correct mapping for us . when the manual fix has not been made , we have true positions for one book mapped to another book . stacey from : beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate on 02 / 14 / 2001 11 : 14 am to : tim belden / hou / ect @ ect , steve nat / enron @ enronxgate , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : remaining problem with west tot tim , sorry about this . a better question to ask is why are systems people manipulating data ? why can ' t the users put on a reversing trade ? i ' m having fits about it resources touching production data and i can ' t tell you how many times we screw ourselves up because it does this . i ' ll let you know the end result . sorry again , but these practices have to stop ! beth - - - - - original message - - - - - from : belden , tim sent : wednesday , february 14 , 2001 7 : 59 am to : beth perlman / hou / ect @ enron subject : remaining problem with west tot words cannot describe how distressing this problem is . in terms of mis - reporting our risk , we are dropping mmbtu ' s from some other book into our book as mwhs . mmbtus go for around $ 10 . mwhs go for around $ 400 . why is this problem so hard to fix ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tim belden / hou / ect on 02 / 14 / 2001 04 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > fran chang 02 / 13 / 2001 06 : 27 pm to : tim belden / hou / ect @ ect cc : monica lande / pdx / ect @ ect , valarie sabo / pdx / ect @ ect , samantha law / pdx / ect @ ect subject : remaining problem with west tot tim : please note that as of 2 / 13 there will still be 1 , 321 mwhs of nymex swap position in st - plt book ( cob ) which is yet to be cleared out by it . i have sent out an email to norman lee in it and will follow up with him to make sure this problem is removed asap . ( the " unknown " position of the - 311 , 354 mwhs showing up on 2 / 12 has already been taken cared of . ) regards , fran x 7973 
2	Subject: lottery award final notification . de la primitiva lottery espana calle aroyo nol 3 , piso 4 g 28030 madridespana . telefax : + 34 627 321 71 date : 11 th march 2005 from : the desk of the vice president . international promotions / prize award . batch : dpls / 11504002 / 05 : reference : 17 / 0018 / ltto lottery award final notification . this is to inform you of the release of the de la primitiva lottery held on the lst march 2005 . the results were released on the 16 th marcha 2005 . your name was attached to ticket number 187 - 01523312 - 111 with serial number 99375 - 0 that drew the lucky numbers of 03 25 30 25 36 37 79 , which consequently won the lottery in the lst category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay of euros 625 , 000 . 39 c ( six hundred and twenty five thousand , thirty nine centimos only ) in cash . this is from us $ 75 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( seventy five million us dollars ) in cash among the 26 participating finalist playing 6 , 000 full tickets . congratulations ! ! ! your fund is now deposited in an escrow account with our corespondence bank and insured to the full amount in your name . due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award from public notice untill your claims has been processed and the money remitted to your account as this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming of unwarranted taking advantage of this program by participants as it has happened in the past . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 names from asia , australia , new zealand , europe , north and south america , middle east and africa as part of our international promotions program . we hope your lucky name will draw a bigger cash prize in the subsequent programs . to begin your award claims , please contact our fidicuary agents who are your prize claims agent at their contact information as stated below : name of company : eurocity securitas s . a address : avenida de callao , plaza de eliptica ( 4 ) 28900 . madrid espana . contact person : augusto fabio . ( foreign claims manager ) tel : + 34 675 427 641 fax : + 34 645 344 529 e - mail : ( @ yahoo . es remenber , all prize money must be claimed not later than 26 th may 2005 . any claim not made before this date will be returned to the ministerio de economia y hacienda as unclaimed funds . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every correspondence with us or your claim agent . furthermore , should there be any change of address , pleasedo inform your claim agent as soon as possible . a copy of your prize winning certificate and all other relevant payment documents will be sent to you by your claim agents . congratulation ! ! ! ! ! once again from all members of our staff and thank you for being a part of our international promotions program . we wish youcontinued good fortunes . sincerely , mr antonio pereira vice president . n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result in disqualification and any winner below the age of 18 years is automatically disqualified 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 2 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: caiso notice - summary of settlement for may 2001 iso market participants : sc settlement contacts : attached is the summary of settlement for the may , 2001 invoice . > client relations communications crcommunications @ caiso . com 
2	Subject: tentative schedule of the talks at siam . doc tentative schedule of the talks at siam ? ? april 27 , 2001 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? april 28 , 2001 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 8 : 45  ) 9 : 00 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 9 : 00  ) 12 : 15 welcoming remarks ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? imaging & inverse problems in ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? geophysics 9 : 00  ) 10 : 30 arthur vailas  ) environmental modeling ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? kurt marfurt ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? jason ching ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? william symes ? richard kendall ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 10 : 30  ) 10 : 45 ? coffee break ? 10 : 30  ) 10 : 45 ? coffee break ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? arthur weglein ? 10 : 45  ) 12 : 15 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? jacques tabanou reservoir simulation ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? lunch 12 : 15 stephen lyons ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 1 : 30  ) 3 : 00 ? ? amr el bakry ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? information technology ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? lunch 12 : 00 noon ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? david archer ? 1 : 30  ) 3 : 00 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? t . lasseter modeling energy markets ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 3 : 00  ) 3 : 15 ? coffee break pablo padilla ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 3 : 15  ) 5 : 00 vince kaminski ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? workshop on industrial mathematics programs ? 3 : 00  ) 3 : 15 ? coffee break ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? samuel rankin ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? 3 : 45  ) 4 : 00 ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? panel p . percell ? 4 : 00  ) 5 : 30 session on industrial intern programs ? fadil santosa ? panel 
2	Subject: beaver creek i just thought i ' d drop a note about the trip . i think it was the best enron offsite i have attended . i thought the focus on interacting was very good and worked better than past golfing events and vegas trips . the event was also very well organized and the host / hostess were excellent . thank you . cheers kyle 
2	Subject: congratulations ! ! new year bonanza dayzers lottery international . 28 reimbrandtsplien , amsterdam - netherlands . from : the desk of the vice president . international promotions / prize award . batch no : ldnl / 009842 / 03 . ref . no . ldnl / 1282664 / 03 award notification . this is to inform you of the release of the email lottery ballot international / world gaming board winners of the scientific game promo lottery ; the netherlands . each email address was randomly selected and attached to ticket numbers and the numbers here quoted won the lottery in the 2 nd category . corporate and individual email addresses were selected from australia , new zealand , america , europe , north america and asia as part of international promotions program , which is conducted annually . this was held on 3 rd january , 2005 , but due to the mix up of number , the results were released on the 15 th of january 2005 . your email address attached to ticket number 561000 with serial number 009888 drew the lucky numbers of 11 - 8 - 9 which consequently won the lottery in the 2 nd category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum payout of eur 500 , 000 . 00 ( five hundred thousand euros ) in cash credited to file with ref . no . ldnl / 1282664 / 03 . congratulations : in a bid to correct the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims have been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from only microsoft users from over 20 , 000 company and 3 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place annually . please be informed that all non - resident of the netherlands are required to pay charges for thier non - resident processing / application fee as a perequisite to the processing of their winnings prior to the pay out and collection of their winning prize . the amount is subject to your country of origin . to begin your lottery claim , please contact the fiducial processing agent that have been designated for the processing of your winning . please call the claims agent - mr . jeffin simon of the foreign operation / claims department of the appointed company , dayzers lottery international b . v . . on tel : + 31 - 622 - 032 - 573 for the processing and remittance of your winning prize money to a destination of your choice . any claim not made will be returned to the ministerial van de economia , the hague , holland . note that all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . n . b : any persons under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified from this programe . accept our warmenst felicitation and congratulations as we wait on your swift revert back to your designated fiducial agent for guidance on the procedures of claims and payment . yours , gerald flanagan ( mr ) . national co - ordinator . 
2	Subject: re : stanford mba - interview hi vince , unfortunately , i have not heard from him . he also forwarded his resume to mauricio mora , who asked if we could interview him . when i asked celeste about it back then she decided against it . if you need some help tracking him down , let me know . thanks , althea vince j kaminski @ ect 04 / 16 / 2001 01 : 53 pm to : althea gordon / na / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : stanford mba - interview althea , i was trying to get in touch with this guy . did he contact you by any chance ? he missed the interviews on the campus . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001 01 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " seade , juan j . " on 03 / 19 / 2001 01 : 15 : 56 am to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : stanford mba - interview dear vincent , as i told you on the phone on friday , i am very interested in a summer internship at enron . i would like to point out that i want to pursue a career in trading , and i am especially interested in derivatives . given that enron is a pioneer in the market making of energy , broadband and weather derivatives , i find it a company i would be most interested in working for . i believe that you will find my background of interest to your firm , and i hope to be interviewed by yourself and other colleagues of yours . i have final exams from march 19 - 22 , but would be most willing to travel to houston for interviews any time from friday march 23 rd onwards . i hope to hear from you soon . best regards , juan seade mba class of 2002 stanford business school 796 escondido road apt . 29 c stanford , ca 94305 tel : ( 650 ) 497 - 3705 email : jseade @ stanford . edu > - resume juan seade . doc 
2	Subject: california / ferc update 7 / 25 / 01 ferc meeting highlights responding largely to the recommendation of al jude curtis wagner , ferc ordered the following regarding the california refund matter . the order is not expected to be issued in draft form but will be published in final form within the next couple of days . refunds when : additional evidentiary hearings in 45 days to determine refunds : 15 days for parties to submit data , followed by 30 days of hearings . pricing : refunds ordered for " spot market " transactions in california from october 2 , 2000 , through june 20 , 2001 . the reference price for refunds will be determined by the methodology ferc set out in its 6 / 19 order , with one change - - the cost of generation will be based in part on the daily spot price for natural gas , not the monthly spot price as called for in the 6 / 19 order . additionally , ferc is ordering both jurisdictional utilities and non - jurisdictional entities ( i . e . public power groups such as the los angeles dept . of water and power ) to make refunds . parallel hearing ordered to determine whether refunds are due for power sales in the pacific northwest . commission members said they would be flexible in defining spot power sales in the pacific northwest . 
2	Subject: an exciting company for investors bio - matrix scientific group , inc . symbo | : bmxg . pk industry : biotechnology ; stem cel | technoiogies . current price : . 85 shares out . : 8 . o mi | | ion est . float : 2 . 5 mi | | ion projected vaiuation : 3 . 5 o per share bio - matrix scientific - banking on stem cel | research . bmxg is a stem cell - oriented biotechnology r & d firm , which is opening two innovative adultstem ce | | cryogenic banks . cryobanks wil | provide near - term revenue stream while bmxg develops new and innovative stem ceil technoiogies and products . the stem ce | | revoiution : with breakthroughs in the late 199 o ' s , stem ce | | research has been one of the most exciting developments in biotechnoiogy , promising to aid in the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases , including | eukemia , cancer , and diabetes . scientists say stem ce | | s are the future of medica | science , offering potential cures to a host of diseases and degenerative conditions . market research firm , visiongain has estimated that stem ceil products wi | | account for over lo billion in annua | saies by 2013 - phenomenal growth for an industry which did not exist oniy a few years ago . one of the most significant , near - term commerciaiization opportunities for this research has been in the use of stem ceils for bone marrow transpiant . increasingly , individuais are choosing to store their own stem ce | | s in cryogenic banks for future use in fighting disease . a new industry of cord biood banks and specialized transpiant ciinics has already risen to meet this demand , and successful technoiogy could meet the annua | need for over 150 , ooo operations . viace | | has estimated that the market for cord biood preservation is over 1 . 2 biliion in the us , and 2 biliion giobaily . for our most recent active trader ' s profile , we have discovered a small rapidiy emerging company that is quickiy becoming a major player in the stem ce | | revoiution , bio - matrix scientific . about the company : bmxg bio - matrix scientific grp . , inc . ( otc pink sheets : bmxg ) is an innovative biotechnoiogy r & d company , focused on the commercialization of new and groundbreaking stem cel | technoiogies . the company has focused its initial efforts on the | aunch of an innovative adultcryogenic stem ceil bank which wi | | store stem ceil tissues for use in treatment of future diseases and aiiments . the company pians to | aunch its initia | cryogenic stem ce | | faciiities in mid - 20 o 5 , and is additionaliy exploring opportunities for commerciaiization of new technoiogies in tissue management , stem ce | | research instrumentation , and bio - systems monitoring . with impending establishment of an adultstem ce | | cryobank , research efforts at the forefront of the stem ceil market , and experienced management team , we expect bio - matrix scientific grp . to emerge as the newest and most dynamic piayer in the explosive stem cell research market . investment highlights : bmxg is exceptionaliy wel | positioned at the forefront of one of the most exciting new frontiers in biotech - stem cel | research . while stem cell therapy is sti | | a new concept , expectations are high with research firm visiongain estimating that stem ceil product revenues wil | exceed lo bi | | ion by 2 ol 3 . recently , caiifornia voters approved proposition 71 , a landmark piece of | egislation that provides 3 bi | | ion in stem ce | | funding over the next decade . with its initia | focus on the estabiishment of stem cell cryogenic stem cell storage facilities , bmxg is wel | situated in a growing and commerciaily successful market . there are more than 10 major cord biood banks in the worid , preserving ceils from more than 35 , 0 oo donors . viacel | has estimated that this market is 1 . 2 biliion in the us and over 2 bi | | ion worldwide . as the pubiic understanding of stem cel | benefits improves , we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth . as the foremost stem cell banker focused on the storage of aduitstem - ce | | growth bmxg is a trendsetter in this market . bmxg is making aggressive entry into the stem cel | instrumentation market with deveiopment of new medical devices specifically designed to faciiitate the remova | and transpiant of stem cells . the company is in the process of securing patent protection for its inteliectua | properties , and we expect this to prove a major growth catalyst for bmxg going forward . the company benefits from a surprisingly strong ( for a pink sheets company ) and experienced management team , who have combined financia | acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising model for growth in the stem ceil market . the company ' s senior management team , heimed by david koos , phd , has extensive experience in capita | financing and pubiic company management , while its research efforts under dr . phiiip watts ( phd - caitech ) are invoived in the newest academic research into stem cell . investment conclusion : projected valuation : 3 . 50 per share wall street has been quick to the react to the potentia | of stem cell research and stem ceil stocks are outperforming ail of the major biotech indices . leading stem ceil research companies such as stemcells , inc . ( stem ) , aastrom biosciences ( astr ) , and cryo - ce | | ( ccel ) have witnessed average 52 week share price appreciation of over 230 % ! with its enviable position in stem cell research , strong management team , and cryobank operations , we think bmxg has the potential to demonstrate this type of performance over the coming year , and urge you to consider adding bmxg to your portfolio today . good luck and successful trading . this publication is an independent pubiication with the goal of giving investors the necessary knowledge to make rational and profitabie investment decisions . this publication does not provide an anaiysis of the companys financia | position and is not an soiicitation to purchase or seil securities investing in securities is specuiative and carries risk . it is advisable that any investment should be made after consuiting with your investment expert and after reviewing the financial statements of the company . the information in this report is believed to be reliabie , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not insure simiiar future results . this is not purported to be a compiete and thorough anaiysis of the featured company and reccomends a compiete review of the company ' s regulatory fiiings at secgov the information herein contains future looking statements and information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected continua | growth of the featured company . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . the publisher discloses the receipt of six thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider of the company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . all factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company web sites , sec fiiings and company press releases . this information is believed to be reiiabie but can make no absoiute certainty as to its accuracy or completeness . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors may include an accumuiated deficit since its inception , a negative net worth , reliance on loans from officers , directors and a majority shareholder to pay expenses , nomina | cash and the need to raise capita | . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor . use of the materia | within this newsietter constitutes your acceptance of the terms in this ciosing statement . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our list , please go here ( - stoxo 011 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: cheap online drugs here emitter placeable winnie runaway seriatim need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here tepid delhi amuse mildew pare twombly vivacious whig  
2	Subject: anticaipting to hearing from you soon . from : kone bakar tel : ( + 225 ) 0771 1719 . abidjan , ivory coast west - africa . dear , permit me to inform you of my desire of going into business relationship with you . i got your name and contact from the internet in my search for assistance . due to it ' s esteeming nature i must not hesitate to confide in you for this simple and sincere business . i am kone bakar , the only child of late mr & mrs . coulibaly bakar . my father was a very wealthy cocoa merchant based in abidjan , the economic capital of ivory coast before he was poisoned to death by his business associates on one of their outing on on a business meetings . when my mother died on the 21 st october 1994 , my father took me so special because my mother is now dead . before the death of my father on 29 th june 2000 in a private hospital here in abidjan . he secretly called me on his bedside and told me that he has a sum of us $ 16 , 500 , 000 ( sixteen million five hundred thousand , united states dollars ) left in a suspence account in a local bank here in abidjan , that he used my name as his only son for the next of kin in deposit of the fund . he also explained to me that it was because of this wealth that he was poisoned by his business associates . that i should seek for a foreign partner in a country of my choice where i will transfer this money and use it for investment purpose . please , i am sincerely asking for your assistance in the following ways : 1 . to provide a bank account where this money would be transferred to . 2 . to serve as the guardian of this fund since i am a boy of 22 years . 3 . to make arrangement for me to come over to your country after the money has been transferred . moreover sir , i am willing to offer you 15 % of the total sum as compensation for your effort / input after the successful transfer of this fund to your nominated account overseas . furthermore , you should indicate your opinion towards assisting me as i believe that this transaction would be concluded within seven ( 7 ) days you signify your interest to assist me . i will appreciate you call me on + 225 0771 1719 before sending me your reply . anticaipting to hearing from you soon . thanks and god bless . kone bakar tel : + 225 0771 1719 . - - sign - up for your own free personalized e - mail at mail . com http : / / www . mail . com / ? sr  signup 
2	Subject: works wonnder want to know how to s sepulchral ave over 60 % on your piils ? http : / / www . alreasease settler . com - successfull and proven way to spectator sa wailful ve your money . misdoubt v pushtoo ag fawning al l typhus u pulsation l r kaffir a indorsement cl i querist sv prudential al forwent m andmanyother . best prlce cumbrous s . hig epigastric h quaiity . worldwide s unprepared hlpplng . total confident chopsticks iaiity . colleger 250 . 000 + satisfied customers . ha civilize ve a nice day ! 
2	Subject: martin lin norma , thanks for your excellent suggestion of using a retention bonus for martin lin in order to address both the issues of compensation and retention for him . as i mentioned during our meeting , just my small team within research has lost 3 people over about the last 2 years , and we have had a hard time recruiting good candidates . last year we made an offer to a person graduating from ut ( ms in computational finance ) of 75 k plus 25 k signing bonus . he replied that he would like to work at enron but was already in the position of turning down an offer with a base salary above $ 100 k . martin is a very skilled individual with a ph . d . in electrical engineering and almost two years experience at enron . he would be very difficult ( and expensive ) to replace . for this reason i feel it necessary to be proactive in finding ways of retaining him as an employee . please let me know if we have a green light to go forward with a 1 - year retention bonus of 10 k and a raise to 87 k base salary for mr . lin . i would plan to then give martin an additional raise at his next review period . regards , stinson x 34748 
2	Subject: re : update from 11 : 30 am commitee meeting spoke with stockman port - mike will be down monday and wants to handle this . wants a appropriate hand over . hayden - 30 / 30 plus whatever we had i offer letter gorny - 30 / 30 as above naveen - 30 / 30 check whether he already had a contract ? nelson - 20 / 20 as gorny / hayden . lets see if we can get docs finalized monday . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oxley , david sent : friday , february 01 , 2002 12 : 07 pm to : slone , jeanie ; fitzpatrick , amy ; curless , amanda cc : lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise subject : update from 11 : 30 am commitee meeting redmond - approved to go to 175 / 175 but only after louise / lavo speak with him . frihart - approved in principle but preference is for calger / vickers to leave $ 85 k s / o in and reduce $ 105 / $ 105 to $ 50 / $ 50 . brysch - increase to 75 / 75 approved . lambie - is a probable no , not a verbal yes . oh - approved at 75 / 75 biever - approved at 20 / 20 drozdiak - approved at 20 / 20 steffes - whalley to call . is at 100 / 100 , for some reason steffes thought it was 200 / 200 ! port - should be withdrawn gorny - draft as replacement to port 50 / 50 contract ( i need to approved with stockman ) hayden - draft contract at 50 / 50 as above . sweeney - has declined in principle therefore do not proceed . david 
2	Subject: from : duve khumalo . from : duve khumalo . tel : + 27 - 73 - 230 - 82 - 31 . email : duvmalo @ mailasia . com attn : dear president / md . with due respect , trust and humility , i use this medium to write this letter to you irrespective of the fact that you do not know me , but please do consider this letter as a request from a family in dare need of assistance . let me formally introduce myself . i am duve khumalo , the son of late . dr . robinson khumalo , the renowned zimbabwean wine and cattle ranch farmer . i got your contact courtesy of a business journal from the south african information exchange in my earnest search for a reliable and trustworthy individual / company who can assist me in this business . during the war waged against the farmers in zimbabwe by the supporters and cohorts of president robert mugabe to claim all the white owned farms in our country , my late father belonged to one of the classes of farmers targeted by the zanu - pf armed group , because he did not support their ideas and policies . in the course of the revolution in the country , the zanu - pf armed group attacked and invaded my father ' s farms burning , destroying and eventually killing him . after my father ' s death last year , i managed to escape the boundaries of zimbabwe into south africa with my mother , because our lives were threatened and zimbabwe was no longer safe for us . we escaped safely into south africa with my father ' s lifetime fortune of us $ 25 ( twenty five million us dollars ) cash , bonds , important documents of property title and other valuables , which he instructed i his son on before his death . the money and valuables were concealed and secured in two treasure boxes , and were transported to netherlands through diplomatic means . the boxes are currently safely secured in the vaults of a private security and brokerage firm there in netherlands . presently , i am residing temporarily with my mother in johannesburg pending the outcome of an appeal filed on my behalf by my attorney for the department of home affairs to grant us political asylum . at the moment , i am in a dilemma on how to move this money safely out of netherlands for investments . moreover , due to netherlands government ' s stringent monetary policies / regulations and the sensitive and volatile political status of the region , it would be most dangerous to attempt investments there as such act could jeopardize our chances . in recognition of your personal executive powers and investment opportunities that abound in your country , i solicit for your assistance in moving this money into your bank account for safekeeping pending our future arrival for investments . my mother and i have resolved to compensate you adequately by offering a brokerage commission of 20 % of the money . we have also earmarked 5 % for pre - transfer expenses we may incur in the course of the transaction and guarantee that any other expenses during the transaction are subject to refund . i have in mind to establish a good business and friendly relationship with you in the nearest future if you are able to assist us . please let me receive your approval or reply through this my email address ( khumaduvel 01 @ netscape . net ) or phone number above and feel free to ask any questions you may consider relevant and kindly , send your phone and fax number for easier communication . if you are unable to assist please be kind to notify me so that i can look for a suitable alternative . please accept my warm compliments , as i earnestly wait for your urgent response . best regard , duve khumalo  
2	Subject: fw : california capacity report for week of 10 / 8 - 10 / 12 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 957 mmbtu / d ( 88 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 872 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 470 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 1857 mmbtu / d ( 70 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 578 mmbtu / d ( 51 % ) - socalehr , capacity 981 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 823 mmbtu / d ( 84 % ) - socaltop , capacity 535 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 456 mmbtu / d ( 85 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 2 . 31 ( + . 185 ) pg & e , large pkgs 2 . 26 ( + . 23 ) tw san juan 2 . 06 ( + . 39 ) tw permian 2 . 19 ( + . 22 ) enron online bases : nov - mar apr - oct perm - ca . 21 ( + . 05 ) . 23 ( + . 03 ) sj - ca . 28 ( + . 04 ) . 44 ( + . 01 ) sj - waha . 10 ( - . 01 ) . 26 ( - . 01 ) perm - waha . 03 ( even ) . 04 ( even ) 
2	Subject: the list hey louise , following are a few folks i would suggest making an extra effort to talk to in the very near future , although with the announcement of duran i think he has already begun meeting with these guys . ozzie pagan - ozzie pagan - ozzie pagan bernie aucoin - head of power structuring janelle scheur - ne mid - market michael brown - ne orig . heather kroll - se orig . bruce sukaly - tx orig . charlie vetters / mike miller - principal investing these gas guys could use a little attention : ed mcmichael - head of gas structuring frank vickers - east gas orig . laura luce - chicago / midwest gas i talked with delainey last night and asked him to talk with duran which he did . delainey also talked with michael brown and janelle scheur ( i wasn ' t here ) . i talked with ozzie this morning and delainey is talking with him now . we ' ve asked every one of these guys to stay calm and give this a chance to work . i do think they all have confidence in duran so that ' s good . personally , i think the baughman announcement was a mistake . baughman is a superb mid - market leader , but the ne isn ' t in need of that . janelle can handle that role with no issues whatsoever . the ne needs a high - powered structured originator that will continue to build and really lead that business . the signal that was just sent with the baughman announcement is that the ne will be a mid - market shop only ( confirming the concerns already up there ) , with no realistic capability of executing on the current business plan . please let me know if there ' s anything more i can do . it really took a lot of work to get east power finally set up like it needs to be , and i really hate to see it falling apart like this . and remember , we have put out no " bids " for any individual within ena or wholesale . call if you need anything . . . 
2	Subject: re : displacement points points have been added to the all receipt template effective 7 / 17 / 01 . they have been identified in ple as displacement points . there are no changes required related to measurement . should anyone need something further , please advise . karen - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schoolcraft , darrell sent : monday , july 16 , 2001 12 : 48 pm to : brostad , karen cc : lokay , michelle ; lohman , tk ; giambrone , laura ; hernandez , bert ; mcevoy , christine ; miller , beverly ; minter , tracy ; mulligan , amy ; ward , linda subject : displacement points please set up the following deliverys as a receipt displacement . poi 78113 calpine power plant 78069 griffith 500134 citizens flagstaff 56659 citizens kingman 500046 citizens f 89 n if you have any questions please call ds 
2	Subject: y 2 k deal details for the deal to be entered on jan . 1 , 2000 : buy / sell : buy ctpty : aquila energy marketing corporation zone : agua dulce @ 0584 volume : 5 , 000 / d pricing : hsc - 0 . 065 period : 1 / 8 / 00 - 1 / 31 / 00 this deal will be the second part of sitara deal # 143974 . please let me know if there are any questions or concerns . dave 
2	Subject: # 9760 tried to get fancy with your address and it came back to me ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lauri a allen / hol / aepin on 10 / 25 / 2001 01 : 11 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to : daren . farmer @ enron . com cc : subject : # 9760 daren - your rate for meter # 9760 , highlander central point , for 1 year starting 12 / 1 / 01 delivered to equistar channelview , # 1373 is $ . 07 / mm . that price expires in 1 week , on november 1 , 2001 . let me know if you need me to refresh after that time . thanks ! 
2	Subject: now you can diversify the acts in your bedroom ! cialis drug information : an online resource on cialis , a new fda approved impotence drug we all have strength enough to endure the misfortunes of others . blessed are those who can give without remembering , and take without forgetting . doubt is not a pleasant condition , but certainty is absurd . this hath not offended the king . 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 14 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: re : [ appendage ] 83 % - off vicodin . carelessness reach inheritances remarkableness correction derek equalizers ellipsoids canadianization zonally stylers effectively seven hobby catered pressings fine daffodil dormant maddest anatomic trudge appertains retorts recessed gibby interested superlatives sours blackwells blaming mender hater rainbow seaward dutch amused bloody inspects prepositions - - phone : 831 - 863 - 5130 mobile : 155 - 231 - 1088 email : aida . cooper 2001 @ neo . rr . com  
2	Subject: re : your vip pass # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # free adult lifetime membership limited time offer ! ! ! # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # # your instant access password login name : zzzz @ example . com password : ackwgy 4 l 5 of the best adult sites on the internet for free ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - news 08 / 25 / 02 over 3 . 1 million members have signed up for free , last month 229 , 947 new members signed up for free with the limited time offer . are you a free member yet ? ? ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - our membership faq q . why are you offering free access to 5 adult membership sites for free ? a . we have advertisers that pay us for ad space so you don ' t have to pay for a membership . q . is it true that your membership is free for life ? a . absolutely , you ' ll never have to pay a cent the advertisers do . q . do i have to sign up for all 5 free membership sites ? a . no , just one to get access to all of them . q . why do i have to give my credit card information ? a . it ' s for age verification purposes only and you will not be charged . if you don ' t believe us , just read their terms and conditions . q . how do i get started ? a . click on one of the links below to become a free member . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - # 5 . > adults farm http : / / 80 . 71 . 66 . 8 / farm / ? aid  993751 girls and animals getting freaky . . . . free lifetime membership ! ! # 4 . > sexy celebes http : / / 80 . 71 . 66 . 8 / celebst / ? aid  993751 thousands of xxx celebes doing it . . . free lifetime membership ! ! # 3 . > play house porn http : / / 80 . 71 . 66 . 8 / play / ? aid  993751 live feeds from 60 sites and web cams . . . free lifetime membership ! ! # 2 . > lesbian lace http : / / 80 . 71 . 66 . 8 / lesbian / ? aid  993751 girls and girls getting freaky ! . . . free lifetime membership ! ! # 1 . > teen sex fantasies http : / / 80 . 71 . 66 . 8 / teen / ? aid  993751 teen schoolgirls , live sex shows . . . free lifetime membership ! ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jennifer simpson , miami , fl your free lifetime membership has entertained my boyfriend and i for the last two years ! your adult sites are the best on the net ! joe morgan manhattan , ny your live sex shows and live sex cams are unbelievable . the best part about your porn sites , is that they ' re absolutely free ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - removal instructions : you have received this advertisement because you have opted in to receive free adult internet offers and specials through our affiliated websites . if you do not wish to receive further emails or have received the email in error you may opt - out of our database here : http : / / 80 . 71 . 66 . 8 / optout / index . html please allow 24 hours for removal . this e - mail is sent in compliance with the information exchange promotion and privacy protection act . section 50 marked as ' advertisement ' with valid ' removal ' instruction . tkuejsrfkmtpfwldpnauksv 
2	Subject: gmm - 23 mar 01 please find attached the global markets monitor dated 23 march 2001 . maureen raymond - castaneda and gwyn koepke 
2	Subject: enron / hpl acutals for october 3 , 2000 teco tap 60 . 000 / enron ; 68 . 333 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 15 . 000 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: give your pc a tune - up with system mechanic if you want to make sure that emails from realnetworks go to your inbox and not to your junk mail folder , add news @ real - email . net to your address book . your ultimate arsenal for improving pc performance ! system mechanic uses 15 powerful tools to keep your pc running faster , cleaner and error - free . download now take your pc to a whole new level of performance . increase download speeds by up to 300 % optimize internet and network connections find and remove duplicate , obsolete and junk files permanently delete files you don ' t want others to see find and repair broken windows shortcuts ensure your privacy on the internet - works with ie and netscape safely install new software and programs so much more ! download system mechanic now if you do not wish to receive e - mails from us in the future , click here to unsubscribe . need customer support ? contact us at : http : / / service . real . com / realone have questions regarding our email privacy policy ? contact us at : email privacy policy group realnetworks , inc . p . o . box 91123 seattle , wa 98111 - 9223 privacy policy 2005 realnetworks , inc . patents pending . all rights reserved . realnetworks , realplayer and real . com are trademarks or registered trademarks of realnetworks , inc . all other companies or products listed herein are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners .  
2	Subject: sevil yaman hi norma , sevil ' s primary project has been the generation bidding analysis for the east power desk . she worked closely with the power fundamentals group and the it group in collecting and organizing the data , and then developing the analysis . sha has focused on the pjm area and plans to expand the analysis to other regions in the east . sevil has also investigated the issue of risk premia in power prices compared to marginal cost . vasant 
2	Subject: re : time david : i have you scheduled for 2 : 00 pm , monday , august 7 th . in vince ' s office . regards , shirley david p dupre 08 / 01 / 2000 08 : 46 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : time 2 pm is good for monday the 7 th . thanks david shirley crenshaw 08 / 01 / 2000 08 : 44 am to : david p dupre / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : time david : vince would like to talk with you alone for now . monday , the 7 th is a pretty good day . let me know what times you might be available . thanks ! shirley david p dupre 07 / 31 / 2000 05 : 26 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : time hi , i wanted to inquire as to which day ( s ) might be convenient to meet with vince and his colleagues . many thanks david 
2	Subject: become the best guy for her this night ! hello ! vlgr professi 0 nal ( $ 1 . 88 per dose ) vlgr soft tbs ( $ 1 . 99 per dose ) generc vlgr ( $ 1 . 8 o per dose ) clls ( $ 2 . 99 per dose ) clls soft tbs ( $ 2 . 25 per dose ) the wise in heart shall be called prudent and the sweetness of the lips increaseth learning . for at the window of my house i looked through my casement , the light of the eyes rejoiceth the heart and a good report maketh the bones fat . and have not obeyed the voice of my teachers , nor inclined mine ear to them that instructed me ! a prudent man concealeth knowledge but the heart of fools proclaimeth foolishness .  
2	Subject: best software prices . only our software is guaranteed 100 % legal . the first step towards amendment is the recognition of error . if you don ' t risk anything you risk even more . 
2	Subject: perfect visual solution for your business now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buiiding a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstandinq logo , presentabie stationery items and professional website . these marketinq tools wiii siqnificantly contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work samples , hot deal packages and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: i want them zpalx wanna see girls naked on your pc live ? it ' s a real girls , most of them are just 18 which showing their naked body in front of their webcam . they might be your girl next door , friends or someone that is bored looking for fun . gu - arrantee unlimited access to view all girls at " no charge ! " hard to believe ? why don ' t try us and see for yourself ? http : / / www . despicableweb . com / col 5 / rpzd 
2	Subject: ethink about it : july 10 , 2000 log on to espeak this wednesday , july 12 at 10 : 00 a . m . houston time , to participate in vince kaminski ' s espeak event . vince is the managing director of enron research and will be discussing the importance of enron research and quantitative modeling . this friday , july 14 at 10 : 00 a . m . houston time , ken lay returns to espeak for an office of the chairman " open mike " session . as always , if you cannot make the event , visit the espeak site in advance and pre - submit your questions . did you know that , since its debut , emeet has been visited over 2 , 000 times ? we know you all have ideas or questions about enron , and chances are they won ' t be addressed if you keep them to yourselves . why not put them in emeet and see what sort of feedback you get ? " the age of information is over . . . the age of intelligence has begun . " - larry kahaner , competitive intelligence guru . competitive intelligence can help solve business problems , identify threats in the competitive environment , and reveal new opportunities . join us on enron edge to build and protect enron ' s competitive edge . check it out ! enron edge : use it , share it , grow it . 
2	Subject: revised copanop # for lst - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 02 / 25 / 2000 10 : 36 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 02 / 25 / 2000 10 : 07 : 59 am to : " ami chokshi " cc : subject : revised copanop # for lst ( see attached file : hpl - mar . xls ) - hpl - mar . xls 
2	Subject: eastrans nomination change effective 9 / 14 / 00 please decrease deliveries to eastrans to 0 mmbtu / dy for 9 / 14 / 00 and maintain at 0 until otherwise notified . the redeliveries will be 0 as well . fuels cotton valley gas will be valued per paragraph 3 of the contract price ( per mmbtu ) section in the transaction agreement . 
2	Subject: there is a wealth of opportunity and money to be made on google marcy how to make massive mounds of money in record time on google ( even without a website or a product ! ) what ' s your dream lifestyle ? contractual ha rabin whither wisdom cayenne activate sheffield spherule flinty dreamt pompeii smile wire concretion disjunct cinch eucre theist shoal echelon irresponsible danube seminar congeal butyl train vignette cheney galactic swivel woodward separate anisotropic fitzroy cardboard hemolytic matrimonial cattlemen we ' ve vocal autograph caveat diabetic countersink interject beauregard galatia slam recurrent exotica idol strop knockdown caraway clinging beebread forlorn ontario aba coarse guthrie christmas nether constellate implosion binomial breeze bluff enthrall santiago bootstrap wale weatherstrip stupor cemetery titanium clifford profusion attack catapult verge topnotch ammonium ostracism bury turbine ecosystem butler gazelle generosity discernible godkin mission ash nasturtium cowpoke case magnum pestilent label addenda sanicle complementary prokaryote weight sensible keys tap prolific edify telegraphy northeast barefoot downplay utmost of snail cambridge histology leona merrimack decomposable batwing indescribable prosthetic percussive curricula inhibitory whitehorse sodden ambition t ' s proprioceptive teeing coccidiosis soluble classy diaphragm volterra  
2	Subject: transwestern weekly throughput for the week october 2 - 6 th : transwestern weekly average deliveries to california were 1 , 075 mmcf / d ( 99 % ) while east deliveries averaged 304 mmcf / d . san juan lateral throughput averaged 854 mmcf / d while receipts from rio puerco averaged 61 mmcf / d . mojave deliveries averaged 63 mmcf / d throughout the week . el paso average deliveries to california were 2 , 300 mmcf / d ( 78 % ) : - pg & etop ( capacity 1 , 140 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 598 mmcf / d ( 52 % ) - socalehr ( capacity 1 , 250 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 1 , 181 mmcf / d ( 95 % ) - socaltop ( capacity 541 mmcf / d ) deliveries averaged 520 mmcf / d ( 96 % ) other pipeline throughput : - pgt ( capacity 1 , 937 mmcf / d ) throughput to california averaged 1 , 871 mmc / d ( 97 % ) - kern river ( capacity 700 ) throughput to california averaged 343 mmcf / d ( 49 % ) cash pg & e / topock - socal / needles spread ranged . 27 - . 43 and averaged . 38 throughout the week . friday enron online basis numbers : nov nov 00 - march ' 01 april - oct ' 01 perm - ca . 62 . 39 . 55 sj - ca . 87 . 53 . 74 sj - waha . 27 . 17 . 26 perm - waha . 02 . 03 . 07 
2	Subject: our meeting next week vince and grant , first let me apologize for cancelling our meeting with you this friday . i hope we can reschedule next week as i ' ll arrive in houston monday mid - day . i ' d love to talk to you as i know the knowledge base in your group related to my new responsibilities is huge . will you be able to free up some time of some of your team members to help us ? as an example , i ' d like to show you our position book ( cash ) . it ' s far from being perfect . i ' d like to know whether we should persevere and improve it or whether there are some models in ena that we could copycat . . . . i look forward to seeing you next week , remi 
2	Subject: daydreaming is useless . our rolexes bring you the luxurious feeling . flnd the brands including rolexes , cartiers , bvlgaries , frank mullers , harry winstons , breguets , jaeger - lecoultre , brietilings , tagheuers and tudors . these beauties have thesame fea - tures and logos as their classics . you will flnd all the lovabledetails on our goods . gget the key to ccheap luxuries . luv vvatches madefrom stainlessteel , with sapphire crystal surface and other great gudgets . our vvatches use the bestmaterials such as vvhole stainlesssteel and other durable substances . ccheck our sstore for a wide variety of vvatches that have diverse energiess . pur - chase either battery & quartz , winding & anto - operating , mechanical or anto - matic ones . yourself , alwa scarlett : secret ? who by ? and charles attending to his wife , they set forward , treading back ys control yourself ( smiles ) thanks . ! davy boy , how d in spite of his feeling of pride and , as it were , of the return of youth , when he walked with his favorite daughter on his arm , he felt awkward , and almost ashamed of his vigorous step and his sturdy , stout and fat limbs . he felt almost like a man not dressed in a crowd . o you do ? ' ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ i gave him and he and catherine walk away . gus and walker watch them . my hand . after a moment int . his car - night of suspense , i went and kissed my mother : she kissed 
2	Subject: steve ' s trip to houston dale , richard , i am ready to cover the cost of steve ' s trip to houston ( one month in the summer ) . i think very highly of steve and think about coaching him a bit to expand his horizons . i see him as a very valuable asset of enron and a great leader in not too distant future . he needs exposure to more diverse business problems and areas of research . i think it will be in the best interest of the company to devote some resources to foster his development . vince 
2	Subject: louise kitchen exec profile kim , this is the info we updated on louise ' s executive profile last year : to : norma yeverino / hr / corp / enron @ enron cc : robert jones / corp / enron @ enron , grace garcia / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : exec profile please make the following changes to my profile asap . thanks louise current responsibilities ( summary ) : president & chief executive officer , enron net works trading platforms : enrononline , dealbench , clickpaper , commodity logic commercial functions : origination , investments commercial support functions : it ( enron wholesale ) , energy operations ( north america & global ) previous positions enron net works llc managing director enrononline enron europe limited vice president uk / european gas trading president enron direct ( retail ) enron capital & trade resources corp . from : norma yeverino @ enron 12 / 19 / 2000 04 : 45 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : exec profile louise , we need to change your exec profile to include your new responsibilities : current responsibilities ( summary ) : responsibility for : ( i ) enrononline ( ii ) uk / european gas trading and operations ( iii ) president of enron direct ( until 1 / 6 / 99 ) . change to : president and ceo of enron net works addition to previous employer ( s ) enron net works - managing director , enrononline my email is down so i am using norma ' s . let me know if you would like additional changes . thanks , robert  
2	Subject: syn bank group offer syn bank group , with assets of $ 436 billion , is the 10 th largest financial services holding company in the world . the company operates 12 , 340 banking offices and 14 , 300 atms providing a full line of banking , brokerage , insurance , investment , mortgage , trust and payment services products to consumers , businesses and institutions . we offer you synbank services for personal and business use . we work in the market of bank services granting more than 100 years and the main thing for us always were reliability and security of our clients , convenience and an overall performance for our clients , support of investment projects , support all available systems of transfers , and also the minimal percent for our services . open the account in our bank you can free of charge . management of the account is carried out through the internet , by phone , or by means of the special communication device providing 100 % a guarantee of protection . in our bank you can open any account which will wish , for any your purposes , our bank will provide safety of your means and an optimality of investments and percent favourable to you . syn bank group renders merchant services for reception of payments worldwide in any possible ways for projects of any complexity . to open merchant access it is possible free of charge and the low interest of the commission will provide the optimum prices of sales for your clients . syn bank group renders every possible services at various stock exchanges and the markets . with us easily and reliably to operate the investments . you will find more detailed information at our site http : / / synbank . com best regards , department of a marketing and advertising of syn bank group .  
2	Subject: occidental battleground meter 98 - 1485 october 2000 daren , a sale to oxy vinyls went into effect 10 / 01 through 10 / 16 for 5 , 000 per day . we also delivered gas to entex , 10 , 000 / day for the entire month . more gas was pulled towards the end of the month than confirmed and i need to know if oxy vinyls should get the swing for the remaining of the month even though their deal went to zero . please advise . susan 
2	Subject: hello from vince kaminski at enron shmuel , i hope you remember me . i visited you together with aram sogomonian , a good friend of mine , a few years ago . i am currently responsible , among other things , for recruiting graduates with finance and / or technical backgrounds at the university of berkeley . i would be glad to give you a call and talk more about the details of our program . my colleague , ashleybaxter , from the analyst / associate program at enron would join me as well . i am sending you a copy of the brochure about the analyst / associate program . vince kaminski vincent kaminski managing director - research enron corp . 1400 smith street room ebl 962 houston , tx 77002 - 7361 phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com - enronl . pdf 
2	Subject: alonso and fischer are out and have reported to duty with the estate . i am still waiting on my hot shot analyst mike driscoll to give me his answer tomorrow . i ' m done handicapping anything . 
2	Subject: corporate identity for your business corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you wili see several loqo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needs and fit your business . fiexibie discounts : iogo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! 
2	Subject: re : carl tricoli i think i will coordinate with zimin , and have guadalupe do some research on equities linked to corn price . initially , there will be some scenario analysis done , and we can explore the possible use of options theory . vasant vince j kaminski 04 / 05 / 2000 02 : 41 pm to : carl tricoli / corp / enron @ enron cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : carl tricoli carl , depends if it is more like financial or insurance type hedging . i shall leave it to vasant to decide . vince carl tricoli @ enron 04 / 05 / 2000 11 : 19 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , christopher a helfrich / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : carl tricoli vince , thank you for the response . in the interim , we met with vasant shanbhogue yesterday and explained the deal and what we needed . should vasant continue to work on it , or would you still like us to loop in zimin lu ? vince j kaminski @ ect 04 / 05 / 2000 10 : 11 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , carl tricoli / corp / enron @ enron subject : carl tricoli zimin , carl tricoli ( 5 - 8958 ) will call you regarding help on ethanol ( hedging ) . vince 
2	Subject: re : 1 / 2 price sildenafil citrate today  
2	Subject: re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research rodrigo , i think it is churrasco ' s , a south american restaurant . i shall make reservations for the 12 th . i shall also arrange the meetings on tuesday with different units of the research group . vince rodrigo lamas 08 / 24 / 2000 01 : 59 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research vince , thank you very much . i would rather talk to your group on sep the 12 th ( tuesday ) . i hope i will be entitled to disturb them again during the rest of the week as well . we can certainly go out for dinner . steven mentioned a brazilian restaurant he went to and i am looking forward going there . this in case you are not vegetarian . thanks again , rodrigo vince j kaminski 24 / 08 / 2000 19 : 54 to : rodrigo lamas / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research rodrigo , we shall be very glad to meet you . if you can dedicate one day to meeting the members of the research group i could arrange a series of meetings with different units . what about sep the 11 th or sep the 12 th ( monday or tuesday ) ? if you are free one evening we can have dinner together . vince rodrigo lamas 08 / 24 / 2000 11 : 01 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : introduction meeting : rac london quants and houston research vince , i work for the market risk rac london group . i review the quantitative issues arising from enron europe models . i am in this function given my background ( phd from imperial college - london ) and also due to my past experience as risk manager for a brazilian investment bank and louis dreyfus . my agenda includes the review of a number of deals ( wessex , tpl , eastern , . . . ) , as well as the review of the construction of european gas and power price curves and their respective volatility curves . currently i am devoting most of my time to the analysis of the uk gas market , its respective price curve and term structure of volatility . bjorn and david suggested it could be very productive if i had the chance to meet you and your team to discuss issues related to modelling prices and risk measurement tools . i will be in houston from the 10 th to 15 th september . i wonder if you could book some time for me in your agenda and also ask some members of your team to do the same . thanks , rodrigo 
2	Subject: partnership from : taiwo & partners chamber solicitors and senior advocate of nigeria ( san ) hello , i know you might be surprised to get this mail , i am barr . taiwo martins , the personal attorney to late engr . dahlig mitchell ( director / ceo of messr ketsonwats coporation ofjapan , located in abuja , the capital city of the federal republic of nigeria ) . a couple of days ago , the manager of united bank for africa plc nigeria discovered a credit balance of us $ 7 . 5 m belonging to late engr . dahlig and in his research , he also discovered that i was the personal attorney to the deceased . he contacted me to present the next of kin to my late client so that his fund valued at us $ 7 . 5 m which late engr . dahlig deposited with the bank will be transfered to him as the legal next of kin . the bank manager went on to say that if i fail to present the next of kin within a time limit , the bank will convert this fund to bank treasury . meanwhile , this foreign company has long been liquidated due to the death of the director / ceo ( engr . dahlig ) of the company on the 6 th of august 1997 in a plane crash ( korea flight 801 ) it is on this note that i decided to look for a reliable over sea partner whom i can present as the next of kin and transfer this money to his personel or company account . since i was the personal attorney to late engr . dahlig and the request made by the bank for me to present the next of kin to them , i feel this is my own golden opporturnity to attain greater heights . please inform me immediately if you can handle this transaction bearing in mind that you will provide a safe bank account where the funds will be transfered . i will come over to meet you as soon as the fund is transfered to your account for sharing which will be 50 / 50 . indicate your interest by replying this mail . note that this transaction is completely risk free and highly confidential . it is also legally backed up . best regards , barr . taiwo martins . 
2	Subject: fw : presentation tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile - - - - - original message - - - - - from : brooks , loretta sent : friday , november 30 , 2001 11 : 34 am to : schoppe , tammie subject : presentation 
2	Subject: assistance and investment ! mr : donald kabilatele : 27 - 839 - 851 - 035 attn : president / ceo i know you will be surprise to receive this but do please consider it a request from a suffering familyin serious need of your humble assistance . my family had to bring before you this proposal because we sincerely hope you will be reliable to assist us . anyway , my name is as above stated . i am the first son to the second wife of the recently assassinated president of the democratic republic of congo , late laurent kabila . my mother got your contact information through a family friend who works with the south african chamber of commerce and industry . six months before the assassination of my father , he had used my name to deposit in a metal box the flat sum of twenty six million united states dollars  us $ 26 m  in a vault of a private security firm in johannesburg , south africa . the security company do not know the actual content of the box deposited with them since my father declared it to be precious metals . this money was to be used forhis second tenure election campaign bid but unfortunately , his own personal aide assassinated him in a palace coup on the early hour of january 16 th , 2001 . since my father ’ s death , my step mother has continued to be extremely mean and discriminatory to us in the family scheme of things because his son , mr . joseph kabila , now rule as president . she has even arbitrarily accused my mother of having master minded our father ’ s assassination and all sorts of groundless accusations . as a result of all these , i decided to move my family to south africa . right now , i am staying with my family here in johannesburg but as refugees . as it is , i have now decided to divert this money for our own personal use but we would want to get it transferred outside the continent for onward investment purposes . we do not want to invest here due to the volatile and sensitive status of the region . as an international partner , i genuinely solicit that you kindly help me and my family transfer this money into your country through your personal or company bank account for safe keeping pending my immediate arrival for onward investments , which we are going to rely on you heavily to help us materialize . this money will be paid into your account as acontract fund through a prime local bank here in johannesburg . i must stress here that there is no risk involvement of any kindsince our attorney have mapped out a very perfect and smooth - free transfer plans that will be concluded within a maximum of five working days of receiving your approval . we have resolved to offer you 20 % of the money for your assistance and every expenses are out rightly subject to instant refund . the rest will be for investments in your country or anywhere you might suggest . further discussions will commence when we hear from you but donot forget the absolute confidentiality and mutualtrust required in this transaction . kindly contact uson the above - specified direct contact numbers should this proposal happen to meet your utmost considerations . in sincerity , mr . donald kabila yahoo ! india matrimony : find your life partner online . 
2	Subject: re : wall street micro news report homeland security investments the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2001 have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , national resource and government sectors . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2005 . homeland security investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing our readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this lucrative sector . as we know , events related to homeland security happen with lightning speed . what we as investors can do is position ourselves in such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to capitalize on events which have yet to happen . homeland security investments is here to help our readers do just that . with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinoble , inc . this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long terms . symbol : ( vnbl ) current price : 0 . 08 short term target price : 0 . 35 12 month target price : 1 . 20 * * * why we believe vnbl . ob will give big returns on investment * * * * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology . this is technology which uses tiny sensors to transmit information about a person or object wirelessly . * vnbl is already an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location technology . * vnbl is developing a form of rfid technology which allows companies and governments to wirelessly track their assets and resources . such technology has huge potential in the protection and transportation of materials designated " high risk " were they to fall into the wrong hands . * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order to create " high security space " in locales where it is deemed necessary . locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea ports , mines , nuclear facilities , and more . * as with all stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has made vnbl a hot buy . news on vnbl malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2005 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify long - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services , announced today that it plans to offer products and services that will assist in the automation of the identification and control of equipment , assets , tools , and the related processes used in the oil & gas and petrochemical industries . although small wirelessly networked rfid sensors can monitor machines and equipment to detect possible problems before they become serious , they can also deliver safety features within oil wells . oil maybe trapped in different layers of rock , along with gas and water . detection of specific liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur , such as a well filling with water . as with other rf based technology applications , rfid can also provide the safe transit of materials by only the authorized handler , and limit the entry of personnel to specific locations . ensuring personnel safety is essential , should there be an emergency at a facility , rfid tags would enable the customer to track and evaluate its employee ' s safety and / or danger . this application technology requires product and hardware that can operate in harsh and potentially hazardous conditions , but gives valuable safety to the resources and assets that are vital to the customer . rfid can also assist the customer ' s supply chain by tracking oil , gas , and chemical products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retail level . vinoble ' s viewpoint as previously stated is that these applications are more than just a valuable tool to the mining industry , but as a protective measure of our country ' s natural resources and commodities against threat . preservation of these fuels and resources is important to the safety of u . s . industry and economy . the company believes that such offering service and technology application in the oil & gas and petrochemical industry will further position vinoble in a rapidly expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the increasing capital and global spending that the company will require for growth . the company ' s goal is to also provide a much - needed service at a cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of its personnel and assets in this current state of constant threat . this is outstanding news . the growth potential for this company is exceptional . in an already hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truly innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: candace uphill domino e epistle ipso are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! we have all pills you may well require ! and the costs are very low ! buckhorn revolutionary bat rpm famish lag scruple beloit cacao addle twirly bengal verlag fir handicap completion operable lubbock calcify declassify showroom synapse ballfield mature cornwall magician grownup splotchy prosecutor  
2	Subject: transstatus 7568 withdrawn reservation status has changed . details of the reservation are listed below : assignment _ ref  7568 seller _ code  tepc seller _ duns  006902704 customer _ code  epmi customer _ duns  848921276 affiliate _ flag  0 path _ name  w / tep / cor 500 svl 345 / coronado - springerville point _ of _ receipt  coronado 500 point _ of _ delivery  springer 345 source  srp sink  epe capacity  0 capacity _ requested  25 service _ increment  hourly ts _ class  non - firm ts _ type  point _ to _ point ts _ period  on _ peak ts _ window  fixed ts _ subclass  trans nerc _ curtailment _ priority  nerc priority 1 other _ curtailment _ priority  default start _ time  07 / 30 / 2001 stop _ time  07 / 30 / 2001 ceiling _ price  6 . 52 offer _ price  3 . 00 bid _ price  3 . 00 price _ units  $ / mwh preconfirmed  yes anc _ svc _ link  n / a anc _ svc _ req  n / a posting _ ref  0 sale _ ref  request _ ref  deal _ ref  negotiated _ price _ flag  status  withdrawn status _ notification  bill . williams . iii @ enron . com status _ comments  time _ queued  07 / 30 / 2001 time _ of _ last _ update  07 / 30 / 2001 primary _ provider _ comments  seller _ comments  customer _ comments  beginning he 14 ppt thru he 17 ppt seller _ name  tepc seller _ phone  ( 520 ) 745 - 7193 seller _ fax  ( 520 ) 571 - 4036 seller _ email  chrisd @ tucsonelectric . com customer _ name  enron power marketing , inc . customer _ phone  ( 713 ) 853 - 3801 customer _ fax  ( 713 ) 646 - 8272 customer _ email  bill . rust @ enron . com reassigned _ ref  0 reassigned _ capacity  0 
2	Subject: pharma stop wasting money on prescription drugs . get them online for 80 % off . vlagra , clalis , zyban , prozac , xenlcal , and many many more . . . stop paying more than you have too ! - todays special - viagra , retail price $ 15 . 99 , our price $ 2 . 99 cialis , retail price $ 17 . 99 , our price $ 3 . 99 shipped world wide no prescription required visit us here : unsubscribe here : onnliine . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: complimentary cell phone bait - excelled @ em . ca november 28 , 2004 you have been selected to receive a free * nokia 6016 and accessories ! click here to get yours now . this offer comes to you from one of the nation ' s fastest growing sprint pcs dealers . respond within one week , and you will receive a state - of - the - art nokia 6016 phone with 500 minutes sprint nationwide pcs network , for free * . you new digital wireless phone may also come equipped with the following free * features : voice activated dialing , no roaming or long distance charges , voice mail , three way calling , aol instant messenger and caller id . all at no charge to you ! do not miss out on this offer ! click here now ! your calling plan , for which you be billed monthly by the service provider of your choice , may include 500 sprint nationwide pcs minutes with unlimited night and weekend minutes . it ' s a lot to accept - but we urge you to do so within 7 days . on that day the offer may be withdrawn and your free * cell phone package reassigned . click here for the best wireless phone deal now ! offer approved by , r . joseph smith director of inventory management * phone free after instant rebate . this offer is fulfilled by inphonic inc . , an authorized dealer for sprint . offer subject to credit approval or deposit , and is available to customers activating a new line of service on a two - year contract with sprint . not all us markets are served by sprint . if you are not in a sprint area you will receive another great offer from another major wireless company . other restrictions apply , see full offer for details . offer may vary . if you no longer wish to receive offers which are fulfilled from inphonic , inc . visit here or write to inphonic , inc . attn : customer relations - compliance 9301 peppercorn place , largo , md 20774 " + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from fillmypocketsfull . com to bait - excelled at em . ca . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from fillmypocketsfull . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: cheap online pills here vorticity perfidious kilo caviar raid chapter confide are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! everything you need ! we have it ! quick and economical ! and the prices are unbeatable ! stop receiving promotional material now blonde quad northwestern adjacent effluent  
2	Subject: blue horseshoe meet me dear reader : we sometimes approach our analysts for their thoughts on emerging market sectors we ' re interested in . on certain occasions , they come to us with intriguing insights of certain aspects of the market that have caught their attention . as you know our track record speaks for itself we are happy to bring you another situation with huge upside potential we think this could be the one that when we look back shortly everyone will be saying i should have more . for more info click here ! ! ! remember : nothing ventured , nothing gained  
2	Subject: pay les for microsoft wndows x , p media center edition cnet report bundie 1 : windows x , p pro + office x . p pro for as low as 8 o dollars mlcrosoft , adobe , macromedia and many more bundle 2 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 20 o 4 + flash mx 2004 - loo dollars mlcros 0 ft , adobe , macromedia and many more bundle 3 : adobe photosh 0 p 7 , premlere 7 , illustrator lo - 12 o dollars contact the offer is va | | d untill february 11 th stock is lim | ted regards , berry mcwilliams writer msi - instruments , sialkot - 51310 , pakistan phone : 671 - 272 - 1351 mobile : 974 - 874 - 1741 email : ggdqju @ gamewood . net please do not reply to this message this download is a 54 minute definite product notes : the contents of this note is for manipulation and should not be cysteine cornwall earwig micky garrulous time : sat , 05 feb 2005 03 : 21 : 56 - 0800 
2	Subject: re : gtv ii i agree with your statements on phase ii . i ' ll start working on the priorities and requirements . also , what is the status of colleen ? geof louise kitchen 03 / 19 / 2001 11 : 14 am to : zhiyong wei / enron @ enronxgate @ enron cc : stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , geoff storey / hou / ect @ ect , colleen sullivan / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate @ enron subject : re : gtv ii comments : zhiyong wei to be added to signature lists . timeline to include production dates - ie include uat and production roll - out dates . dependencies - where there are dependencies on other groups ( any interaction required with any group outside of zheiyong ' s ) , these need to be highlighted and a representative from that group needs to sign off on that portion of the timeline ( a representative can not be below director level in the organiztion ) . there are clearly many people rolling off early in this project who can be utilized for phase ii - i would suggest the specfication for phase ii is completed in the very near future as the majority of the work in this is done in the very short term by the developers and it moves to the test team . please re - issue today . louise from : zhiyong wei / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 16 / 2001 12 : 34 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate , geoff storey / hou / ect @ ect , colleen sullivan / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate , philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : gtv ii louise , attached please find the inception document requested . i would greatly appreciated your comments . i will be consulting colleen and geoff for any necessary revision . i will be requesting signatures on wednesday afternoon , march 21 . thanks zhiyong - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schoppe , tammie on behalf of kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , march 13 , 2001 4 : 24 pm to : wei , zhiyong cc : stock , stephen ; storey , geoff ; sullivan , colleen ; perlman , beth ; bibi , philippe a . subject : gtv ii i understand we have now finalized 90 % requirements on the gtv ii . please could we pull together the format inception document this week for signature on your meeting next week with geof and colleen . document to include all requirements , dependencies and timelines . i would suggest whoever is writing this spend some time with geof this week . please circulate to draft all listed above including me . thanks , louise  
2	Subject: great offrr hello , welcome to the medzonli robbery ne - online pharmaceutical beaver shop . umpteenth va u maxillae m compressor vi r immanency a temerity ci invocatory is philosophize li discoid ag palisade al andmanyother . with o unanalysable ur shop you get - best p monitory rlces excellent ser sandmartin vice fast shipp dedication ing private onl bluchers ine ordering have a nice day . 
2	Subject: hello ! what are the washing instructions ? adio  
2	Subject: bait - excelled @ em . ca activate your card now + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + priority approval center date : march 19 , 2005 issued to : bait - excelled @ em . ca bait - excelled @ em . ca 3541 - 65 respond by : 3 / 24 / 2005 dear bait - excelled @ em . ca , great news - i couldn ' t be happier for you . you are approved and guaranteed to find 1 - 10 credit cards of your choice . click here to see your approved cards now ! there ' s : 7 free service updates ! 7 guaranteed results ! 7 no credit check or inquiry ! 7 regardless of your past credit ! your search is already 75 % complete , and you are approved for two cards ! click here now ! please respond by : 3 / 24 / 2005 sincerely , your special offers staff click here now ! if you wish to opt out of this offer click here . freecardsearch c / o impulse marketing group 1100 hammond drive ne suite 410 a - 202 atlanta , georgia 30328 + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from . com . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: hpl status please find the attached status update . regards , brian 
2	Subject: re : hello vi _ a ~ gr . a _ at $ 1 . 56 per . dose ! ci ~ ali . s , at $ 1 . 90 per . dose ! x @ na ' x . at $ 1 . 17 per . dose ! vaii ' um . at $ 1 . 30 per . dose ! & many others ! go here : http : / / www . pharmrightnow . com / rx / ? 7 no thanks : http : / / www . pharmrightnow . com / rmv 
2	Subject: weekly deal report this is the weekly report covering 7 / 19 - 7 / 25 . lex carroll enron power marketing midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: prc for miguel angel rodriguez miguel ' s evaluation form : miguel ' s list of accomplishments : 
2	Subject: packet analysis software hi stinson , as per our discussion , here is the e - mail from jim on the subject . i convinced jim that this type of modeling effort is our gig and he completely agrees . as per jim ' s suggestion , he and i will talk more on the product while we are in denver . i suspect that we will arrange for the vendor to come to houston and do a presentation on the product and install the product on our machines . as for additional development we should get john bloomer and jim together in a meeting and hash out the requirements from john bloomer ' s perspective . using vince ' s analogy , this tool allows us to deternime the size of the cargo space needed for fedex - like delivery ( our streaming media products ) . whereas , the optical light path switching ( ds - 3 , oc - 3 , oc - 12 and oc - 48 ) based trading will reserve the underlying airline routes , etc . so the packet based stuff is looking at the required capacity from ip layer ( network and transport : level 3 and 4 ) requirements . the optical light path is level 1 & 2 based requirements . that is this tool will allow john bloomer to size ( actually we will do the analysis for him ) the capacity requirement that he would need for the products that he is developing . that is my take on the difference , we ' ll find out otherwise . once i finish off this discussion with jim in denver , i suggest putting martin lin on the job to find out more about the product and do the leg work to arrange for vendor demo and software installation . martin will keep samer and chonawee updated on the information that he gathers . martin please start checking on the web about this company and other similiar produts . i will get you contact number for ebs and the vendor as soon as jim provides them to me . avici uses this product . avici is a next generation router vendor that is selling terabit routers . ebs is an investor in that company . ravi . - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 03 / 08 / 00 03 : 47 pm - - - - - jim irvine 03 / 08 / 00 12 : 33 pm to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : ravi attached is an overview of what opnet technologies itdg and modeler ( v ) 7 . 0 offers out of the box . as previously mentioned , we have purchased this s / w and are discussing potential co - development of module ( s ) currently not supported . my belief is we can spin up a couple of your studs and develop our own stuff faster @ a fraction of the cost . avici , used opnet to develop a circuit emulation model for their tsr and cisco used opnet for mpls and dpt modeling . these guys are willing brides at this point . we just need to clearly identify their role in the network performance management and modeling space . we will have to talk more in denver . my flight arrives @ 10 : 00 ish and i am told that rental cars are scarce . jim - - - - - forwarded by jim irvine / enron communications on 03 / 08 / 00 10 : 18 am - - - - - mvaghedi @ mil 3 . com 01 / 12 / 00 02 : 10 pm to : jim irvine / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : - version 7 . 0 capability list - final - vl . 3 . 00 . doc mani vaghedi mil 3 , inc . itdg sales engineer tel . ( 408 ) 562 - 5757 ext . 3200 fax : ( 408 ) 562 - 5758 mvaghedi @ mil 3 . com http : / / www . mil 3 . com * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * please attend the industry ' s most informative decision support seminar register today for free seminar at www . mil 3 . com / seminars . html * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * - att 2 . htm 
2	Subject: competitive analysis update # 24 - us response to terrorism updates below on afghanistan campaign , key issues for energy / financial markets in " phase two " of campaign , federal reserve activity , and nuclear plant security . rj special forces / low intensity campaign underway sources agree that the u . s . military operation in afghanistan has begun . indications of special forces activity were strongly signaled when taliban forces shot down a u . s . unmanned aerial vehicle ( uav ) on monday . the uav that was shot down , a predator , has a range of less than 400 miles , suggesting that u . s . special forces are closing in on afghanistan . special forces units are concentrating on intelligence gathering and targeting key bin ladin installations , as well as attempting to locate bin ladin himself . as defense secretary donald rumsfeld noted yesterday , " there will not be a d - day as such . " the afghanistan campaign at least initially will not be like desert storm , where cnn cameras in baghdad hotels offered real - time imagery of u . s . air strikes . the first phases of this war are being fought largely in secret , punctuated intermittently by what little coverage the media can provide . the action in phase one includes night raids , a lot of small - scale special operations reconnaissance and , when necessary , direct contact raids . a large military strike using airpower is also forthcoming , but is unlikely to be reported in real - time . operational security is tight defense secretary donald rumsfeld said u . s . military officials will refuse to comment on anything that will endanger troops or operations . " and anyone that does talk to any of you about that is breaking federal criminal law and should be in jail , " rumsfeld said . when asked if he would lie to the press to disguise u . s . military operations , rumsfeld said " you never say never . " next phases of u . s . campaign more important to markets if us military action is limited to afghanistan , any immediate spike in oil prices is unlikely to endure because such a limited attack will not directly impact oil supply . however , us officials have said that the war on terrorism will go far beyond afghanistan , so markets will continue to exhibit some degree of uncertainty until further developments take place . in the short term , oil supplies would be most directly affected by strikes against iraq . but any spike might be short lived as opec has enough spare capacity to cover an iraqi outage . in the medium term , oil markets might express fears over regional stability in the middle east and persian gulf regions as a result of us military strikes and possible subsequent terrorist attacks . it is expected that iraqi biological - chemical weaponry will receive considerable attention in the days ahead and as has been widely reported , there is a split in the bush administration over whether to include iraq . the iraqi weapons of mass destruction capability is likely to once again complicate the rollover of the un oil - for - food program in december , which could lead to the iraqis removing their oil from the market independently of what is happening in afghanistan . another key issue is whether the expected refugee crisis and rising islamic radicalism will destabilize the nuclear - armed pakistani government . saudis showing increased cooperation in oil policy and in military planning after a brief furor when the saudi government announced that the u . s . would not be able to expand its operations at the prince sultan airbase near riyahd , us - saudi cooperation has improved . the public announcement of the airbase prohibition had been a pr move by the saudis to head off domestic accusations of handing blank checks to the usa . centcom has subsequently transferred its ops command to saudi arabia . in addition , the saudis have responded to u . s . pressure by officially severing relations with the taliban . in vienna , all indications are that the saudis are working toward an opec agreement to keep the market well supplied with oil and to not take advantage of the political uncertainty affecting the crude markets by cutting production . the most likely outcome is that opec will officially hold production at current levels , but agree to limited cheating to ensure adequate supply . another possibility is that opec will lower the target range for the opec basket price that would take lower demand forecasts into account . either step would allow opec to preserve cohesion at a time of political and economic uncertainty . if prices continue a rapid decline after the vienna meeting , washington and riyadh might come up with a " politically correct " way to " spin " an output reduction by blaming market volatility on speculators rather than on opec . the cartel is likely to reconvene in early november to reassess market conditions . fed shifts its model to adapt to new economic reality the fed is still struggling to answers for what recent events will do to the economy but it ' s clear that three elements of their model have fundamentally changed : 1 . the most important is a significant drop in all aspects of individuals ' and companies ' risk tolerance , which must be reversed quickly . the fed has done its bit by stabilizing the financial system and congress is stepping in with a total stimulus package of $ 100 - 150 billion ( greenspan supports $ 100 bln ) . on the diplomatic / military side , the balanced , multilateral approach of the administration together with discreet pressure on opec to reduce prices is all designed to stabilize expectations and boost sentiment . 2 . on rates , while the fed is expected to keep cutting ( they won ' t disappoint the market ) , sources report that greenspan is actually quite comfortable using liquidity to alter actual fed funds rather than changing official rates . however , the fed governors are increasingly convinced that sentiment really depends on military success and they are even more aware than that they are running out of ammunition on the rate cutting side . 3 . despite greenspan ' s protests we are looking at a fiscal boost that will push the budget to at least a 1 % of gdp deficit . nuclear plants under increased security scrutiny the washington - based nuclear control institute and the los angeles - based committee to bridge the gap urged the government to immediately station 30 to 40 national guard troops around nuclear plants to protect them from attacks . the watchdog groups also said the government should be prepared to deploy anti - aircraft weapons to shoot down attack planes . another needed measure is to carefully re - check the background of all nuclear plant employees and contractors to prevent internal sabotage . 
2	Subject: re : airfaire for tony kevin / karin : my understanding from vince is that london is reponsible for the expenses incurred while their people are here for training , as well as for any of our people that go to london at their request . it should be easy for them to expense this airfare for steve from their office and charge it to whatever cost center tony is going to be under in london . shirley kevin g moore 04 / 03 / 2001 06 : 24 am to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : airfaire for tony please take a look at this e - mail . . . . . . . i am also in need of instruction . . . . thanks kevin moore - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 04 / 03 / 2001 06 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources canada corp . from : karin ahamer @ enron 04 / 03 / 2001 05 : 15 am to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect cc : tony hamilton / eu / enron @ enron , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , steve leppard / lon / ect @ ect subject : airfaire for tony kevin with regards to tony ' s airfare ticket , which has been put onto steve leppards credit card as tony hasn ' t got an amex yet , could you please let me know who is responsible for payment ? i guess it is your costcentre , if so please supply me with the number . thanks karin 
2	Subject: small stocks can give you short term returns rocket stocks newsletter u r g e n t i n v e s t o r a l e r t vnbl stock expected to explode ! ! ! vinoble is the next hot play in homeland security symbol : vnbl . ob current price : $ o . 08 short term target price : $ 0 . 50 12 month target price : $ 4 . 00 deserves your immediate attention ! ! ! the company just bottomed at $ 0 . 06 and we believe in the next 1 to 2 weeks this stock will go back to at least $ o . 4 o c o m p a n y o v e r v i e w vinoble , inc . ( vnbl . ob ) is a holding company , which is identifying and acquiring operational business opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services to provide long term growth for its shareholders . vinoble believes that the opportunity to build a successful business in the security sector is unprecedented . the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2 ool have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , healthcare and government sectors . while the focus for vinoble is on north america , the opportunity for security services is worldwide . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2005 . vinoble intends to capitalize on the dramatic growth in the security market by delivering professional services , security products , security training , and managed security services . in pursuit of this objective , vinoble has assembled a highly qualified team of security professionals offering a full range of security services . through vinoble ' s consulting services and integrated delivery solutions , vinoble will help organizations protect key assets including persons , property , information , brand , and reputation . homeland security , the national strategy for a secure cyberspace , the healthcare insurance portability and accountability act ( hipaa ) , sarbanes - oxley and other regulatory programs will all cause a continued increase in security demands in the united states and abroad . vinoble intends to position itself as the ' most desired ' provider of , both , physical and information security solutions - in the eyes of our clients , alliance partners , and peers . we will accomplish this by ensuring our teams are the most knowledgeable , agile , professional , and cost - conscious provider of ' tailored ' security solutions to meet the unique needs of each client . management has partnered with garcyco capital corp . ( gccc ) to assist in finding acquisition candidates for the company , structuring such acquisitions , and effecting a transition to corporate growth . at present , vinoble and gccc have targeted several companies as potential acquisition candidates . pending the outcome of due diligence and audits , the company believes the acquisition of these assets will provide the basis required for listing on a national exchange . here is recent news on the company : malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - may 20 , 2 oo 5 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify long - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services , is pleased to announce that as it continues in its efforts to reach definitive agreements on the acquisition of assets , businesses , and strategic partners in the rfid and gps tracking sector , vinoble has further engaged with several additional businesses and individuals for the purpose of acquiring technology , software , and patents . following the move to acquire rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology , hardware and patents for the sole purpose of specific use applications , the company has concluded that the need for application support software or middleware is part of the fundamental component of the framework which operates such technology . the company has identified several sources for both licensing and the acquisition of such software , and has begun to pursue discussions to access this important element . middleware is used primarily to link disparate applications , both internally and externally , to the enterprise . this typically involves routing data using different transport protocols , translating data into different formats and providing a suitable means of integration such as web services and service - oriented architectures . since rfid is an integral part in the tracking of both mobile and non - mobile assets , user - friendly and efficient management software enabling customers to manage rfid data both incoming and out - bound is important in maintaining customer loyalty and reduces costs associated with customer service . management software will allow for real time visibility of assets or product inventory , whether in transit , in a warehouse , at the manufacturing plant , or on a store shelf . visibility and accuracy will enable customers to reduce handling costs , gain instant access to shipment information and increase inventory flow throughout the supply chain . the ability to manage data collection from a number of different rfid and gps devices is essential for proper efficiency of the system . the company believes that such acquisition of middleware technology will be essential and will further position vinoble in the vastly growing rfid and gps tracking industry . the company ' s goal is to provide critical security services at a cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of their personnel and assets in this current state of constant threat . safe harbor statement : this press release contains forward - looking statements as defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 ( the act ) . in particular , when used in the preceding discussion , the words plan , confident that , believe , scheduled , expect , or intend to , and similar conditional expressions are intended to identify forward - looking statements within the meaning of the act and are subject to the safe harbor created by the act . such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties , and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in any forward - looking statement . such risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of vinoble to complete the proposed acquisition ( s ) , the results of vinoble ' s due diligence review of the candidate ( s ) , the success of the business of the acquisition candidate ( s ) , including the ability of vinoble to continue to sell the applicable products and the acceptance of those newly designed products by the market , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks described in the company ' s sec reports and filings . the closing of the transaction will be subject to complete due diligence , inspections , and completion of audited financial statements in accordance to gaap as required by the sec prior to consummation . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ o . 50 we believe the speculative long term target price - $ 4 . 00 we feel this is our best pick since december of 2 oo 4 ! ! please watch this one trade monday ! disclaimer : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands  or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , please mail to news _ letl @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: ytd p & l responsibility for upstream and bhlp with deal clarification ! louise , attached is the worksheet for both second quarter and ytd gross margin numbers for upstream and bridgeline , broken out by originator and project . please read the following bullet points that explain the derivation of gross margin and primary contributors to each : ? j . m . huber - was a producer netback transaction which transported distressed rockies gas and transported it on medicine bow and trailblazer , landing the gas at ngplok - gage . this gage gas was sold to the central desk and the west desk kept the segmentation optionality associated with the transport . the transaction was booked in fourth quarter , 2000 and was attributed to mark whitt . he received credit for this transaction in eoy prc . at the time of the transaction , mark reported to me . i have this transaction because ena acquired trailblazer transport on behalf of j . m . huber . the ferc approval certificate for the trailblazer transaction was not approved until second quarter , 2001 . the $ 5 . 8 mm reflects the p & l associated with just the assignment of the trailblazer transport , the remaining p & l associated with this producer netback deal was captured last year . ? transmission congestion contract - ( tcc ) is the right to collect , or the obligation to pay , the day - ahead congestion rents associated with one ( 1 ) megawatt ( " mw " ) of transmission between a specified point of injection ( " poi " ) and specified point of withdrawal ( " pow " ) . the day - ahead congestion rents are determined by the difference in the congestion component of the day - ahead prices at the pow of the tcc and the congestion component of the day - ahead prices at the poi of the tcc , for each hour of the effective period . i have this transaction because the transmission origination group reported to me last year . the group was ultimately disbanded and reallocated . maria tefel and peter bennett , both analysts , calculate the associated p & l from these congestion contracts . these contracts end in november 2001 . note : all transactions in executive are p & l generated last year , but for various reasons could not be declared . i handle all the administrative and tracking to make sure that the p & l shows up for ena ' s behalf . in addition , the expected budget for upstream products of $ 30 mm does not include executive since that p ecs , $ 16 mm ; wellhead desk , $ 2 mm ; producer ecommerce , $ 4 mm ? formosa upstream products partnered with duke energy field services ( defs ) to close a 20 - year ngl exchange and transportation deal with formosa hydrocarbons and williams energy field services to handle raw make product from the williams markham plant . formosa hydrocarbons is building a 40 , 000 bpd fractionator to handle this and other gulf coast ngl production . the accompanying pipeline will be known as the seabreeze pipeline system and will be constructed by defs . texas brine llc will provide ngl storage services for formosa hydrocarbons on this system . primary production for this system is coming from the boomvang nansen field in the deepwater gom and will be the first deepwater gom production to come onshore in texas . upstream products has also worked to arrange a 20 - year transportation lease agreement on the dean pipeline ( owned by teppco ) for refinery grade propylene service to be utilized by formosa plastics . coupled with this transaction , enron clean fuels has entered into a propylene storage agreement with formosa plastics to utilize ecf ' s mt . belvieu storage facilities . in addition , enron global markets has been able to amend its current transportation agreement with teppco to prematurely terminate a take - or - pay obligation and realize additional transportation revenues from interim ngl production coming from the williams markham to be delivered to mt . belvieu . upon close , upstream products was monetized out of its initial position by defs and retained a risk - free net profits position on the seabreeze pipeline going forward for an additional 20 , 000 - 40 , 000 bpd of excess capacity on the system . bieniawski negotiated with hilgert for 10 % of the gross margin associated with formosa . bieniawski negotiated with texas brine to provide the ngl storage services for formosa hydrocarbons . this storage capacity was key to formosa hydrocarbons to handle the ngl production expected and anticipated from the gom . since john goodpasture , ecf , refused to acknowledged any value associated with the propylene storage agreement they entered into with formosa plastics ( negotiated by hilgert / bilberry ) , i granted out $ 500 k in origination from executive which was dispensed 90 % ecs and 10 % storage . based on conservative assumptions , i expect this transaction to generate a minimum of $ 2 . 5 mm ( p . v . ) for ecf . theoretically , the $ 3 . 825 mm next to chris hilgert ' s name should be shared with mike bilberry , but since the enron value associated with formosa was much greater than the p & l reflected in upstream products , please keep this in mind . ? hubbard was a compression transaction closed in 2000 . the mtm value recognized upfront for this transaction was based on minimum , guaranteed load profiles for the electric horsepower . with this compression transaction , there is significant accrual earnings potential if the electric compressor is run at a higher load profile because the shippers pay in mmbtu to the compressor owner , who then gives the natural gas to ecs llc where it is monetized . mark knippa closed this transaction and is responsible for coordinating with carol carter the accrual opportunities for ena . ? pluto / megs - when i was examining my capital charges for 2001 , i assigned lisa druzbik to analyze all accounting , cashflows and capital charges associated with this project . although the gross margin associated with this transaction is not originated , she did a great job creating the project proforma and helping me reassign this deal to ecr / mariner . ? tennessee gas pipeline was the virtual compression deal closed at the end of second quarter by chris meyer . a " virtual compression " deal maintains the contractual obligation to fulfill the physical delivery of molecules and circumvents the need for running compression . the wellhead desk sold 1 . 25 bcf to tennessee and will deliver it into a storage facility , providing adequate pressure not to run their " expensive " electric compression during the summer for storage withdrawals . ena captured value by selling gas above market and also received intra - month flexibility for the delivery of the gas into storage . you have already received a memorandum from john grass to me discussing his accomplishments ytd for the wellhead desk and producer ecommerce . if you need further clarification , please let me know . i know this email is long , but the devil is in the details . i will discuss the $ 1 mm in origination associated with bhlp as well as my accomplishments in a follow up email . mrha i 
2	Subject: re : jan & feb midcon invoices daren , do you have any information on these deals ? we cannot collect the cash from midcon if we can ' t prove to them the deals are valid . thanks , kris tina valadez 03 / 29 / 2000 09 : 19 am to : kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : jan & feb midcon invoices - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tina valadez / hou / ect on 03 / 29 / 2000 09 : 17 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tina valadez 03 / 27 / 2000 08 : 52 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : jan & feb midcon invoices pat dresner ( accountant ) at midcon texas says she does not show these deals in her system and she can not pay on them . you created the deals in sitara and i don ' t have another trader ' s name . could you please talk to your kn trader regarding this situation ? if midcon really got this gas , then someone at kn should tell their accountant about the deal . prod mo . entity point volume total amount sitara # 1 / 2000 midcon texas gas services corp . 0984132 20000 $ 51 , 600 . 00 157006 2 / 2000 midcon texas gas services 0984132 36000 $ 90 , 900 . 00 166523 2 / 2000 midcon texas pipeline corp . 0984132 80 , 000 $ 206 , 800 . 00 170133 please let me know as soon as possible what you find out . the 2 / 2000 production invoices are due to be paid 3 / 27 . thank you , tina valadez 3 - 7548 
2	Subject: transitional assignments please note this is confidential at this point ! to document what we discussed by phone , i met with sally beck and brent price today . fernley dyson has a vacancy that he is attempting to fill , but it may be 3 to 6 months before the position is up and running . to accomplish the need in the meantime , sally and brent have agreed to share the duties as follows : brent - april 1 to june 15 sally - june 16 to august 15 they are traveling to the uk the week of 3 / 20 and would like to schedule some time with you on either monday afternoon or wednesday . please let us know what is good for you . issues : housing - they will each be bringing their families with them ( brent - spouse and 2 small children - the baby will need a crib ; sally - husband and 3 children - ages 15 , 11 and 2 ) . i understand that the houses which have been vacated due to returning expats have all been filled , so can you have someone arrange for corporate housing that will accommodate them ? immigration - due to the fact that they will be traveling back and forth and have made trips already , i feel it would be best to apply for work permits versus using the visa waiver . i have sent them the forms and requested that brent complete his and file immediately to increase chances of getting his sometime shortly after he arrives in the uk . i have informed him that he should arrive without his family if the permit has not been received by april 1 . tax - please confirm whether paye will need to be paid for them during the short term assignment and then reclaimed through a treaty benefit . benefits - i have suggested that they remain on us domestic payroll and benefits and , if medical claims arise that exceed what they would have spent in the us , they may claim the excess on the expense report . per diem - we need to discuss the appropriate amount based on family size . let me know of any other issues we need to address . as always , i appreciate your help . jane 
2	Subject: approval is overdue : access request for peter . makkai @ enron . com this request has been pending approval for 5 days and you are the alternate . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000003997 approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com request create date : 10 / 3 / 00 1 : 14 : 27 pm requested for : peter . makkai @ enron . com resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: we have marked down the prices on all tablets at our chemist site . peruse our site and experience the advantages in paying less . gratis ! have your case profile reviewed by our licensed physicians . i found your web is eye - catching . displayed in a wide range of remedy selection . sent within 48 hrs . gratis consultations with licensed specialist . best of all , it is non - expensive . brilliant . - mary olsen in nj . count on our company for quick and reliable shipment . cure your discomforts quicker than before with our lower prices . uncover the curative remedies at economical prices on tabletspace . and discover the wide range of remedies ' variety for your selections . http : / / 4 l . ybl . blitzsalesuper . com / qof / and made her way to the proper apartment , she found herself from the visit by such nonsense . what ! would i be turned back from equally ignorant . not even a leaf of the plant could be found . there 
2	Subject: re : of morning over a madam or sir : i am glad to inform you that your name was selected for the special government grant " r a t e freez " program . this qualifies you to lower your ra t e by 2 % . because the spots are limited we need to respond within 24 hours of this notification to reserve your spot . http : / / www . kyqdv . com / thank you . hilario 
2	Subject: name change the following name overlay was done today : cominco ltd to teck cominco metals ltd . 
2	Subject: re : accounting adjustment vince , many thanks ! i will let our accounting department know . kim . 
2	Subject: professional advertising dear projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org : we offer email marketing with best services . 1 . targeted list we can provide target email list you need , which are compiled only on your order . we will customize your client list . * we have millions of lists in many categories . 2 . sending targeted list for you we can send your email message to your target clients ! we will customize your email list and send your ad for you . * we also offer hosting & mailing server . regards ! steve marketing team kzl 789 @ 56 . com no and bye : bpserver @ hotmail . com 
2	Subject: re : resume - norberto valdes elizabeth , yes , she referred norberto to us . we had an informal interview with him . we would like to invite him for a round of formal interviews later this week . please include me , tanya tamarchenko , ted murphy , krishnarao pinnamaneni , grant masson . i asked liza to talk to you to set up formal arrangements with enron hr ( a contract , fee schedule approval , etc . ) . i shall ask you for help next week when we have more information : several members of our group from london will rotate through our houston office this summer . we shall need help in making living arrangements , including apartments , car , etc . also , we have an employee from india rotating through our group this summer . please , let me know who is the best person in hr to ask for assistance . vince from : elizabeth grant 05 / 05 / 2000 08 : 10 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : resume - norberto valdes vince , lisa woods ford ( independent recruiter ) tells me that she has referred this resume to you . any interest in setting norberto up for interviews ? - elizabeth - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by elizabeth grant / hou / ect on 05 / 05 / 2000 08 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nvaldes @ txuenergy . com on 05 / 03 / 2000 09 : 32 : 29 am to : elizabeth . grant @ enron . com cc : subject : norberto ' s resume dear elizabeth per our conversation here is norberto ' s resume . thanks . lisa ford ( see attached file : resumen 4 . doc ) - resumen 4 . doc 
2	Subject: hi paliourg all available meds . available all . binaural cvonyy wakerobin hi paliourg , we offer the widest range of drugs available and provide access to complimentary online medical consultations . valium 10 mg - [ 60 pills $ 279 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 329 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 369 . 99 ] xanax 1 mg - [ 30 pills $ 169 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 269 . 00 ] [ 120 pills $ 309 . 99 ] vicodin ( hydrocodone / apapl 0 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 30 pills $ 159 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 319 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 289 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 289 . 99 ] viagra 50 mg [ 20 pills $ 99 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 149 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 269 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 349 . 99 ] viagra 100 mg [ 20 pills $ 119 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 179 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 349 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 449 . 99 ] carisoprodol ( soma ) [ 60 pills $ 79 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 99 . 99 ] phentermine 15 mg [ 60 pills $ 139 . 00 ] [ 180 pills $ 249 . 00 ] adipex 37 . 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 299 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] tramadol 50 mg [ 30 pills $ 89 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 129 . 00 ] ambien 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 00 ] butalbital apap w / caffeine ( fioricet ) [ 30 pills - $ 99 . 00 ] [ 60 pills - $ 159 . 00 ] [ 90 pills - $ 189 . 00 ] also available : men ' s health : super viagra ( cialis ) , viagra weight loss : adipex , ionamin , meridia , phentermine , tenuate , xenical muscle relaxants : cyclobenzaprine , flexeril , soma , skelaxin , zanaflex pain relief : celebrex , esgic plus , flextra , tramadol , fioricet , ultram , ativan , vicodin , vioxx , zebutal men ' s health : cialis , levitra , propecia , viagra women ' s health : diflucan , ortho evra patch , ortho tri cyclen , triphasil , vaniqa sexual health : acyclovir , famvir , levitra , valtrex , viagra anti - depressants : bupropion hcl , wellbutrin sr , valium , xanax , prozac , paxil anxiety : buspar quit smoking : zyban no embarassment - prescriptions are always confidential . all we can give , all you can get . now . we deliver worldwide please copy and paste this link into your browser wonderfulmeds . biz best regards , jerome larsen  
2	Subject: divorce need to sell almost all loans approved ! ! to be removed follow the link below !  
2	Subject: grab your millions today in sex - redact demon make a $ 1000 a day the adult industry can bring you riches beyond your wildest dreams make a $ 1000 a day with little or no investment . we can show you how ! ! ! ! ! ! make a fortune become a adult webmaster part or full time if you would prefer not to receive these messages check here your email will be removed within 48 hrs bristol erect combatted aleck crane windup dickcissel pigeon gastronomy incentive abrasive chore petrology utica chivalrous cartography ailanthus stockpile grad baccalaureate rink thomistic trident arthritis nephew graham curran ceil arcana denude subrogation terbium attrition conscientious carruthers expectant oaf comprise decisive  
2	Subject: re : january spot purchases - deals needed vance , deals have been created and entered in sitara as noted below : julie , please edit deal # 553552 to reflect tiered pricing . thanks . bob vance l taylor 02 / 06 / 2001 02 : 24 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : january spot purchases - deals needed bob , hplc purchased wellhead gas from the producer listed below for the production month of january , 2001 . this production wasl purchased on a " spot " basis and a deal ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price deal # crosstex energy svcs . , ltd . 0435 682 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc $ 0 . 065 608779 tri - union development 0435 60 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 055 608800 additionally , the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes price period deal # ranger oil company 9871 200 mmbtu / d 85 % gas daily if 300 / d ranger oil company 9871 200 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc if 300 / d additionally , these are producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: three steps to the software you need at the prices you want no need to pay more - cheapest oem online . castles made of sand fall in the sea eventually . when a thing is funny , search it carefully for a hidden truth . 
2	Subject: like being a teenager agaiin hello , l am dating a much younger woman ( 21 ) . before we began dating i was hearing stories of guys younger than me taking vitamin v . guys in their 20 ' s and thirties were using vlagrra and so i decided that i needed that same edge the younger guys were getting . 25 mg is best for me and i have found that vlaggra makes me a super stud and the girl rides me and always has an orgasm or two . it has made me much better in bed and i give her some very long and extended foreplay now . it has really helped my confidence knowing that if needed i can give it to her any time she wants it . v . has to be the greatest invention since sliced bread . try it with phhramacybymail shop . in such matters inclined him towards the plump , the languishing , never before have i seen the impossible made possible by stage of his lordship ' s voyage . " i was . " stood in awe of his colonel . percy kirke was not lenient withcase to offer . certainly she , too , was pale , and her hazel eyesin which a man had thought to spend his life . he was hanging dead in his bonds when i spoke to him before leaving . " six hundred men at the very least would be required , and six hundredlike a disgruntled fowl , he found young pitt smothered in a crowdon that expedition they sailed two days later - which would be somed ' ye forget that ye ' re a rebel convict ? " moorings to all the ships of all the navies of the world , thethat haven of the buccaneers , in which lawless port they had at " and who the devil will deny us ? " levasseur was between amazementamiable and self - sufficient of manner . 
2	Subject: hpl nom for sept . 20 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 920 . xls ) - hplo 920 . xls 
2	Subject: bruceg @ em . ca canadian business publications 4865 hwy . 138 r . r . 1 st - andrews west on koc 2 ao canadian subsidies , grants and loans available . from governments & foundations . more than 2600 programs listed . retail . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 69 . 95 call toll free 1 - 8 6 6 - 3 2 2 - 3 3 7 6 visa & mastercard accepted the american grants andloans directory is also available for the united states .  
2	Subject: december 30 th at 05 - 00 fight that awfull medical problem h , y ^ d ^ r ^ 0 * c , o ^ d * 0 . n - e 7 . 5 / 50 o m . g 30 pills 139 . 00 60 pilis 219 . oo 90 p ! | ls 289 . oo get info : http : / / seeherefeelsee . com same day shlpp 1 ng to cease : http : / / seeherefeelsee . com / please / please reply kaitlin jennings swimmingcoachs genotek , sabadell , 08206 , spain phone : 783 - 791 - 3446 mobile : 119 - 644 - 1191 email : xqfffdndd @ gamewood . net this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this file is a 56 decade trial freeware notes : the contents of this information is for understanding and should not be balletic compound alumnus algol conspiratorial time : tue , 21 dec 2004 05 : 17 : 42 + 0200 
2	Subject: smi 23 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 05 / 30 / 2000 09 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jacqueline blanchard " on 05 / 30 / 2000 08 : 46 : 45 am to : cc : subject : smi 23 ami , please be advised of the revised availability on smi 23 . please see attached sheet . thank you , jacqueline blanchard contract analyst devon energy corporation ( 405 ) 228 - 4204 ( 405 ) 552 - 4664 jacqueline . blanchard @ dvn . com - text . htm - smi 23 . xls 
2	Subject: florida sample ballot - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by julie meyers / hou / ect on 11 / 09 / 2000 04 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - denver plachy @ enron 11 / 09 / 2000 03 : 28 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , jody crook / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : florida sample ballot 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for victoria . storey @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000007589 request create date : 11 / 16 / 00 11 : 18 : 52 am requested for : victoria . storey @ enron . com resource name : eol us backoffice stack manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: re : a good boner back in my liffe hello , do you want to spend iess othe sight of her uncle brought her infinite relief , not only on hisn your drrugs ? the pharmacy - by - mall blue eyes peered up into the swart , sardonic face of his companion , shop offers yoknows , are just those of a hangman - to rid the caribbean ofua great deai vljourney from bridgetown to colonel bishop ' s plantation , and if everagra vallualthough as yet he did not perceive it , perhaps - two sources ofm ccomplete possession of the town , glutting themselves hideously uponlalls levltrhis treasure . mr . blood had disposed effectively . it was not fora and many other . with each purcthere , not more than three miles away , was land - an uneven wall ofhase you get : gnot england answer now ? reat prices top quname - because i account you the fittest man for the office that iaiity home helplessly a yard or two before the trooper reined in , cursing himdeiivery and true and due natural obedience towards his said lord the king , total confidentiaiity try us and you grey , a faint excitement tinting her fair cheeks and sparkling inwill not be disappointed ! 
2	Subject: loaded with technology for business and home . microsoft localized software . http : / / iylo . box 8 wab 48 lti 8 ut . evelynlb . com some of my best leading men have been dogs and horses . the smaller the mind the greater the conceit . 
2	Subject: surplus industrial supply could relieve mexico ' s summer power shortage - cera insight see attached file . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cera webmaster [ mailto : webmaster @ cera . com ] sent : thursday , august 02 , 2001 9 : 02 pm to : cera clients subject : surplus industrial supply could relieve mexico ' s summer power shortage - cera insight title : mexican power markets : cfe looks to industrial generators for excess power , but many questions remain url ( s ) : surplus industrial supply could relieve mexico ' s summer power shortage power plants being built under the comision reguladora de energia ' s ( cfe ) independent power producer program will not be available until the end of the year , leaving a very tight market during the summer peak demand season . president vicente fox recently announced that the cfe would increase the capacity that industrial generators could sell back to the national grid . the initiative was met with resistance by many members of mexico ' s congress , however , and has been suspended pending judicial review . the success of the program will depend on three factors : * is there enough surplus capacity available where it is needed ? * is the cfe willing to offer an attractive price ? * will the courts allow it to happen ? * * end * * follow above url for complete insight ( 8 printed pages ) . e - mail category : insight cera knowledge area ( s ) : mexico gas & power to make changes to your cera . com profile go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: re : hpl delivery meter 1520 fyi . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lauri a allen / hou / ect on 04 / 20 / 2000 08 : 28 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : william c falbaum 04 / 19 / 2000 04 : 09 pm to : lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : hpl delivery meter 1520 you bastards ! you ' re taking 60 % of my profit ? this deal should be flowing and i recently did a deal ticket for may 00 going forward . i thought it was on evergreen . please advise . craig lauri a allen 04 / 19 / 2000 02 : 40 pm to : heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect cc : william . c . falbaum @ enron . com , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , dfarmer @ enron . com subject : re : hpl delivery meter 1520 heidi - there should be a deal ticket in sitara for this sale to engage , but it looks as though 12 / 99 was the last month a deal was entered ( if / hsc + 1 . 00 ) . george / craig - could you guys coordinate who should be rolling this deal or let us know if this gas should not be flowing ? heidi - historically we ' ve been charging $ . 60 / mm for this transport . enron north america corp . from : heidi withers 04 / 19 / 2000 10 : 27 am to : lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hpl delivery meter 1520 i am finding flow out there on hpl 215 for meter 1520 ( tx city coastal states ) starting 4 / 1 / 00 ( actually , no volume was scheduled but looks like it has been allocated since march 1 ) . did you want a premium rate for this ? 
2	Subject: available opportunity - july 20 , 2001 ( west hourly enron online ) a position has recently become available in the real time trading group reporting to bill williams . bill will be holding an information session on wednesday , july 25 , 2001 at 4 : 00 pm in mt hood for anyone who is interested in learning more about this opportunity . if you would like to be considered for this role , please let amy fitzpatrick know by close of business on friday , july 27 , 2001 . west hourly enron online trader the short term west hourly group is responsible for the physical and financial integrity of prescheduled energy transactions . this includes managing curtailed schedules and preserving enron ' s financial rights with trading counterparties . the group is required to maintain records and update databases that explain supply or market interruptions in order to minimize customer disputes the hourly group interacts with the services and middle marketing groups to administer terms of service desk contracts , which may include the selling of excess generation and / or the purchasing of energy to meet customers ' requirements . also , each trader is responsible for gathering and reporting information on unit outages , transmission line derations and other information pertaining to all west desk trading activity . the west hourly eol trader will be responsible for helping to lead the transition of hourly trading of energy in the california iso and bilateral markets to enron online . the trader is expected to initiate profitable trades while managing the company ' s risk exposure . the trader is expected to understand all settlements procedures and be familiar with charges related to each type of trade . the trader will proactively work to bring new hourly customers to enron online and will respond to internal and external billing inquiries . this position is anticipated to last 3 - 6 months , with the trader moving to a shift rotation at that time . description of function ? trade hourly physical and / or financial products on enron online ? work closely with services trader to integrate service and middle marketing customer positions ? physically schedule trades including tagging where appropriate ? enter trades and reconcile company accounting system where appropriate ? assist in the resolution of volume / price discrepancies ? work closely with information technology and fundamentals groups to maintain and develop real - time tools and systems requirements ? bachelors in finance , business , accounting or related field ? 1 to 2 years of previous power trading or industry experience in wscc is preferred ? excellent problem solving and communication skills ? working knowledge of excel , access , visual basic and sql ? self motivated detail oriented 
2	Subject: interesting thus may this puzzling phenomenon be explained , unless there be something over and above all that one has ever conjectured , seen , perceived , or experienced ; which is just within the bounds of possibility ! ils definetely better then vgr @ . . can last for 2 days . . you can have alcohol with als . . improves sexual performances twice better then vgr . . it costs much cheaper than pfzr vgr get cls ( supr vgr ) here discontinue three hours before the abraham lincoln left brooklyn pier , i received a letter worded as follows : to m . we had crossed the tropic of capricorn , and the straits of magellan opened less than seven hundred miles to the south . now , unless the sandbank had been submitted to the intermittent eruption of a geyser , the governor higginson had to do neither more nor less than with an aquatic mammal , unknown till then , which threw up from its blow - boles columns of water mixed with air and vapour ; 
2	Subject: ch . eap microsoft , adobe , corel , autodesk oem software for sa . le ! mcjorixg microsoft windows xp professional 2002 $ 50 retail price : $ 270 . 99 our price : $ 50 you save : $ 220 wisconsin cotyledon adobe photoshop 7 . 0 $ 60 retail price : $ 609 . 99 our price : $ 60 you save : $ 550 perjury possessive microsoft office xp professional 2002 $ 100 retail price : $ 579 . 99 our price : $ 100 you save : $ 480 highway wrote microsoft windows 2000 professional $ 50 retail price : $ 266 . 99 our price : $ 50 you save : $ 216 . 99 acrid afraid adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 60 retail price : $ 404 . 99 our price : $ 60 you save : $ 445 tuttle front adobe illustrator 10 $ 80 retail price : $ 270 . 99 our price : $ 80 you save : $ 190 obviate populism huntley apocryphal aft gigahertz decay cognate agnes conner doberman newsstand morphology mulct backward contempt 
2	Subject: top quality prescription here interior exudation querulous him celery lecher buffoon audrey id get any prescription drug you want ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here boustrophedon caldera celia abstracter nodular chad schoolboy tableau crisp  
2	Subject: promotion congrads ! ! ! ! 
2	Subject: solution finally , no more computer problems or concerns . . . upgrade to windows xp , office xp norton 2004 for less than $ 50 . http : / / jgecmgg . info / ? vexuxupr 9 twohpv loads of titles available . . . limited stock no thank you : http : / / perk . jgecmgg . info / tcpypnov 7 rum 9 tt  
2	Subject: unify down - unix team working on it the unix server that unify production runs on ( proton ) went down this morning . the unix team is working on it . i will let you know as soon as unify is available . d . n . 
2	Subject: more energy ! body bgcolor  black table bgcolor  white cellpadding  10 align  centertrtd valign  top width  117 align  centertable border  1 trtd align  center width  115 a href  http : / / medsforyou . info / hgh / index . php ? pid  eph 9106 img brfont size  4 face  arialtake yourbrlife back . . . brbra href  http : / / medsforyou . info / hgh / index . php ? pid  eph 9106 font size  5 color  red face  arialbtoday ! ! / b / font / a / tdtd width  20 tdcentera href  http : / / medsforyou . info / hgh / index . php ? pid  eph 9106 font size  4 color  red face  arialbnot feeling as young as you used to ? / b / font / a / center brcenterblearn how to : / b / centerbr lihelp eliminate stress , fatigue and depression lirevitalize your heart , liver , kidneys lungs lifeel look younger liboost your immune system lirejuvenate your body and mind lireduce wrinkles , lose weight , decrease cellulite lirestore your sex drive and vigor limaintain muscle mass lirefresh memory , mood and mental energy lisleep soundly and awake rested / td / tr / table brbrbrbrbrbr jamaica buffyrugby eugene venus tacobell taffymortimer goblue don petunia dexter dgj dougie josie jkm cuddles charitycccccc impala eugene japan guess bullet cuddles gretchenaeh butch supra bernie nimrodjimbo nautica scooterl scorpion button cherry  
2	Subject: spreadsheet for george posey vince and clayton : attached is the spread sheet i worked up for george posey . feel free to edit or let me know and i will . thanks ! 
2	Subject: caiso notice : iso issues committee proposal market participants : the revised iso issues committee proposal is available for your review via the following link : i request that you return your comments to me by cob on wednesday , july 11 via email bwoertz @ caiso . com thank you , byron b . woertz , jr . director , client relations ( 916 ) 608 - 7066 ( 800 ) 481 - 7037 - pager 
2	Subject: re : duke cashout entries 5 / 00 and 6 / 00 i am having trouble pulling in the demand charge for 6 / 00 on deal 157278 for $ 1 , 129 . 09 . the only thing that is different from may is that the demand volume is 0 . i think it needs to be a 1 for the charge to come through . please take a look . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: las vegas sale to black hills we are done . jake thomas closed the sale this morning . money is being wired . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: hpl nom for june 27 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 627 . xls ) - hplo 627 . xls 
2	Subject: re : anita dupont resume sheila walton is out of the office this week . i will be the hr representative handling this group in her absence . please send the job description to me , norma villarreal , so that i can begin the process . please call me if you have any questions on this or any other hr related issue . thank you norma villarreal x 31545 vince j kaminski 08 / 07 / 2000 08 : 29 am to : sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : anita dupont resume sheila , no , we have to go through the posting phase first . i shall ask shirley to provide the job description . vince from : sheila walton 08 / 04 / 2000 02 : 44 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : anita dupont resume vince , alice has strong qualities for a sr admin asst . vince , have we posted this position on the job posting board ? if so , great . if not , we need to post this opening to prove that we have given an opportunity to all existing enron employees before we go outside to external candidates . otherwise , existing employees have a valid complaint that we are limiting their advancement within enron but hiring externally . if we have not posted this , i will have the recruiter contact shirley so shirley can give us a job description . then we can post and interview anita simultaneously . please let me know asap if this has been posted . thanks . sheila walton vince j kaminski 08 / 02 / 2000 08 : 48 am to : sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : anita dupont resume sheila , i would like to hire anita dupont as a senior admin assistant , reporting to shirley . please , call me about it after you review the resume . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 02 / 2000 08 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita dupont @ enron 08 / 02 / 2000 08 : 17 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : anita dupont resume vince : here is the resume you requested . thanks . anita 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . all iisted software is avaiiable for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquaqe ! best reqards , lewis  
2	Subject: check it hi jimnlav , the time is now to lose we elimi ulite , im ex formance , in crease mu ight , nate cell prove s ual per scle mass and much more . dxc vxs 38 thought you might like it xls f .  
2	Subject: hello brother - check this out ! induct re * mov * e me approve cabinetrycamden flaw phosphatebooky sandwich melodycetera decisive snarealia hillman marjorambritain octahedron chosebuttery drama anecdoteuranyl condescend clamberfisherman benson whoa smelllegal autism kinscrumptious saud salmonberryhazy carroll afghanagglutinin bookbind dextrosesabbatical policy contrarietygaspee tempera imaginatedooley dig corporatedecouple ignite phosphorbrahmsian arrange randy bibbchamomile exemplify afforestationscan irreclaimable superlunaryriot conciliatory jurorsud delphinus solotruce ambiguous panicleexigent moldavia sweatbandagnostic boorish graveyardelastomer jerk vigorousquite sparta dab whiplashphenolic inextricable pattern seventiethlot deserve v ' s blatrubric myth impellersanction accreditate hotrodbylaw nagoya peepholeising elder tenderloinkennedy 
2	Subject: pathing procedures for buybacks to path a buyback { mop ; supply list } with an existing market deal { typically baseload } please follow these steps : theory # 1 : example ; supply deal  5 . 0 / d supply deal  7 . 0 / d & market deal  10 . 0 / d 1 ) follow steps 1 & 2 in theory # 1 . 2 . ) additionally , create a service transportation contract { i . e . k - 215 } in the path list . 2 . ) path 7 . 0 on the " buy / sell " path list contract and 10 . 0 on the transport { i . e . k - 215 } contract . this procedure will eliminate an out - of - balance in mop for both the " supply deal and the market deal " and send 3 . 0 to pop via x - port k - 215 . note : never path a buyback { supply deal } using a receipt transport contact and the { market deal } using a delivery transport contract . pop ' s should only reflect the " net " on these two transactions { buyback and baseload deal } . 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 21 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012115 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: are you ready to rock on ? let the man in you rise ! prescription medicine through an easy , secure and confidential environment . love , n - a temporary insanity curable by marriage . he that climbs the tall tree has won right to the fruit . sure , winning isn ' t everything . it ' s the only thing . a great deal of laziness of mind is called liberty of opinion . 
2	Subject: message subject - - - - 15880647714247442333 hi varou , % rnd _ intro % rnd _ ad _ 1 % rnd _ buy _ tag . visit us today . best regards , pablo wright  
2	Subject: hot penny pick fueled by high demand energy telecom , inc ( otc : eytl ) offering the worid ' s first hands - freee two - way , inteliigent , miniaturized , wireless personal telecommunication eyeware systems . ( source : news december lo , 2 oo 4 ) current price : $ . o 3 adds advisors formerly with motorola ( nyse : mot ) and harris corp ( nyse : hrs ) read below is eytl an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? please review exactly what this company does . does it sound new and exciting to you ? watch this one trade . reasons to consider eytl : ( source : recent press reieases ) * energy telecom announces the appointment of henry l . pujol as advisor - previously served as vice president and director of integrated eiectrics system sector , a division of motoroia . mr . pujol also served as vice president of linkworks and was vice president of the paging products group at motorola as we | | as the manager of research and engineering at martin marietta * energy telecom announces appointment of herbert r . perkins to advisory board - was vice president of internationa | wireiess sales for harris corporation ( nyse : hrs - news ) , the | argest broadcast transmitter supplier in the world for both radio and teievision . * energy teiecom announces pians to begin partnering patented eyewear technoiogy - ` ` firefighters , rescue workers and soldiers can now have rea | - time environmenta | information , inciuding temperature , gaseous content , and radiation | evels , sent directiy to their wireless , hands - freee eyewear . we aiso believe that the company ' s recent patent filing , for advanced systems and methods for enhanced electronic shape recognition , wil | aiso generate substantia | interest from the aforementioned manufacturers . ' ' * energy teiecom announces new capabilities for its eyeware - now able to piay mp 3 files through its patented technoiogy for eyeware . about eytl : us and foreign patents ( source : news : january 19 , 2 oo 5 ) energy telecom holds united states and foreign patents designed to provide leading global manufacturers of wireless headsets , industrial eyewear and optica | projection technoiogy with the means of offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way wireless persona | teiecommunication eyewear systems . these systems are designed to be buiit into specialized eyewear worn by police , fire , rescue , military and security personnel as well as those used by bio - hazardous , mining , construction and heavy manufacturing workers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ information within this emai | contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be forward | ooking statements . forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information availabie about the company . other factors include a limited operating history , an accumuiated deficit since its inception , reliance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nomina | cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currentiy an operating company . the company has two smail items in coilection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you couid | ose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of the company to compiete its business pian , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiable , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of seventeen thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wi | | sel | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to | ose money . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reiiable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our list , please go here ( - stoxo 016 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: eol position bill - the only 2 individuals who expressed interest are ryan and geir . how would you like to run the process from here . . . . . thanks ! amy 
2	Subject: global risk management initiative rick , i read your memo regarding global risk management initiative . i am sending you the information regarding a related initiative on which i have been working last year and which is moving now into the implementation stage . it ' s enterprise - wide risk management and it ' s really an effort to measure business risks consistently across the company . i hope my group can be helpful in designing the general approach to this problem . please , let me know what your thoughts are . vince 
2	Subject: re : viagra 60 pills + get 4 free !  $ 199 . 95 cialis 30 pills + get 5 free !  $ 189 . 95 valium 90 pills + get 10 free !  $ 259 . 95 xanax 90 pills + get 10 free !  $ 233 . 95 remove 
2	Subject: houston trip hi jaideep ! my first suggestion is that you come to houston as scheduled ( and arranged with wharton nearly 3 weeks ago ) . alternatively , rely on your tiger teammates to gather information necessary to respond to the project . should circumstances lead you to decide not to come for this trip , please return the ticket issued to you . should it make sense for you to visit enron some time in the future , we can discuss arrangements at that time . hope to see you soon ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 01 / 18 / 2001 01 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jaideep singh " on 01 / 17 / 2001 08 : 58 : 51 pm to : cc : subject : houston trip hello christie , thank you for organizing the wharton trip to enron . unfortunately , the flight setup for tomorrow is way too early for me as i ' ll have to miss over 4 hours of classes , which i cannot afford to do . i tried changing the time with continental and there latest flight leaves at 6 pm - which does not work for me ( smack in the middle of my 3 hour class ) thus the dilemma that i find myself in is the following : a . try a different flight as i can make any flight after 7 : 30 pm ( however , i have no control over reservations / budget etc ) b . as it is possible to delay travel upto 1 year , use this ticket to come some other time sorry for this but i just saw the bookings today . any suggestions ? thanks , jaideep 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 13 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; start date : 1 / 13 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011302 . txt 
2	Subject: industrial accounts i will leave robert to the above accounts . i will refer all contacts on this subject to him for handling . it is my personal belief that robert is not yet ready to provide all the services necessary in this area , but i also know that full responsibility often is a good teacher . pat , as far as i ' m concerned i ' m out of the game . i will help daren if needed and if not i ' ll be on my way . good luck to you in your endeavors . 
2	Subject: greatly improve your stamina i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here but , tell me , can you trust your chief of police ? i think so , said the president , slowly ; yet since your invention has shown me that many men i have considered honest are criminally implicated in this royalist plot , i hardly know whom to depend upon oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 when all was in readiness the three took their seats in the buggy and jim started cautiously along the way , zeb driving while the wizard and dorothy each held a lighted lantern so the horse could see where to gosometimes the tunnel was so narrow that the wheels of the buggy grazed the sides ; then it would broaden out as wide as a street ; but the floor was usually smooth , and for a long time they travelled on without any accident then please wear these spectacles during your interview with the minister of police , said the boy you must say nothing , while he is with us , about certain marks that will appear upon his forehead ; but when he has gone i will explain those marks so you will understand them  
2	Subject: do you smoke ? qrklx lookln 4 affordabowl cigarettez ? come chick it out here ! is mclaughlin that skylarkchamfer or citron maybe fully minstrelsy ? i dill don ' t v continuum not decoy a binghamton spring . if upsetting crunch then reimove :  
2	Subject: tw weekly , 6 - 9 - 00 please see the attached file and let me know if you have any questions . ray stelly 
2	Subject: re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava vince : apparently neil mcgregor became upset when he received margaret daffin ' s email . he is saying , however , that anshuman will only be in houston for one month , and you had mentioned six months when we spoke earlier . it really doesn ' t make any difference since he will need to get an ll visa under either circumstance , but i thought you might want to see his email . molly - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by molly magee / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001 10 : 09 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - margaret daffin 01 / 24 / 2001 09 : 57 am to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava molly : per our conversation today . please let me know the status so that i can proceed with the visa process . thanks margaret - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret daffin / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001 09 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - neil mcgregor @ enron _ development 01 / 24 / 2001 05 : 18 am to : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect cc : wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development subject : re : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava anshuman is not moving or immigrating to the us . we are allowing him to work for a lmonth assignment in the us with enron . please carry out the necessary approvals and visa ' s on this basis . neil mcgregor ceo dabhol power margaret daffin @ ect 01 / 23 / 2001 10 : 31 pm to : anshuman . srivastav @ enron . com cc : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , jane allen / hou / ect @ ect , timothy callahan / na / enron @ enron , ranendra sengupta / enron _ development @ enron _ development , wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development , neil mcgregor / enron _ development @ enron _ development @ ect , harsimran subject : ll visa - anshuman shrivastava anshuman : i have been asked to contact you regarding your possible move to houston , texas . in order that i may begin the process of getting you an ll immigration visa , i will need you to complete the attached visa questionnaire and return it to me with copies of the following documents : a copy of all pages of your passport , even if blank copies of all previous us visas issued an updated resume , showing months and years copies of all diplomas and transcripts received if you have dependent family members coming to the states with you , copies of their passports please send to my attention , via fedex to : enron corp . 3 allen center , 3 ac 2026 a 333 clay street houston , tx 77002 please call me with any questions you may have at 713 - 345 - 5083 . 
2	Subject: backgammon tournament play for real money or just for fun http : / / backgammon 65 . info win 65 - online backgammon play backgammon live online for fun or for money online backgammon games 24 / 7 . join the 100 , 000 + players now ! live tournaments and matches - play with other people online improve your skills or test your playing ability against others free download , play for fun for f ' ree as long as you like if you don ' t play already , find out why backgammon is the most popular skill game in the world . http : / / backgammon 65 . info more important : get your free 2 $ now !  
2	Subject: rolex , cartier , frank mueller , bretling for sale royal replicas mens and womens replica rolex watches . r r rolex yachtmaster rolex yachtmaster don ' t you deserve the very best , at a fraction of the cost ? online storeclick here genuine swiss rolex replicas wholesale prices direct to the public world wide shipping the lowest prices guranteed ! have you ever wanted to own a rolex ? with over 1300 models available including . . . rolex submariner , daytona , oyster perpetual and yachtmaster you are sure to find a watch that will suite your taste at a fraction of the cost . visit our online store . rolex 2 cartier m tag heuer l omega  
2	Subject: boletin extra iladiba - trastornos del desarrollo trastornos del desarrollo , no están asociados al mercurio de las vacunas luego de hacerse una revisión tanto retrospectiva como prospectiva de la posible asociación del mercurio contenido en las vacunas con trastornos del desarrollo sicomotor del lactante , y de una revisión crítica de la literatura publicada en relación a la asociación con autismo , se concluye que no existe evidencia suficiente de causar algún efecto deletéreo . tanto las nuevas vacunas en las que solo se pueden encontrar trazas de mercurio , como en las antiguas que tienen timerosal , son seguras , no siendo necesario cambiar el esquema actual de vacunación ni tampoco en términos de costo - beneficio realizar una investigación más exhaustiva . contextolos trastornos del desarrollo atribuidos al mercurio contenido en las vacunas son : trastorno del desarrollo general , retardo del habla o del lenguaje , tics , trastorno de déficit de atención , autismo , retardos inespecíficos del desarrollo , problemas de comportamiento , encopresis y enuresis . es esencial conocer en primer lugar las diferentes formas en que se puede encontrar el mercurio asociado a daño neurológico . el mercurio inorgánico , se conoce , tiene riesgo potencial para el neurodesarrollo y de toxicidad renal en niños pequeños . las formas orgánicas del mercurio son metil - mercurio y etil - mercurio . la exposición acumulativa a metil - mercurio ( mehg ) , que posee una vida media prolongada y atraviesa la barrera hematoencefálica , puede producir daño neurológico , al convertirse en mercurio inorgánico y acumularse , o también puede causar daño renal . el etil - mercurio contenido en el timerosal , es un compuesto orgánico , que posee una vida media mucho más corta que la forma metil - , se excreta en forma rápida por las heces y no atraviesa la barrera hematoencefálica . el timerosal se usa en el proceso de fabricación de vacunas no vivas de germen entero como dpt y td , y en la mayoría de las vacunas de influenza . en las nuevas vacunas , que acogieron la recomendación de la organización mundial de la salud de eliminar el timerosal , se pueden encontrar en ellas trazas residuales como resultado del proceso de esterilización y manufactura . la controversia que se inició a partir de 1999 y que está a punto de terminar , tomó como dato de referencia , los derivados de la extrapolación de los resultados obtenidos con metil - mercurio , que pose una farmacodinamia y farmacocinética diferente al etil - mercurio contenido en las vacunas . esto es fácil de inferir al analizar en conjunto los 3 artículos publicados en el número de septiembre de 2004 en pediatrics . estudios recientesen el primero de ellos , el doctor jon heron y colegas , estudiaron en forma prospectiva , una población de 12 . 600 niños habitantes de avon ( reino unido ) en relación al número de dosis de vacunas recibidas , no encontrando evidencia de efectos deletéreos al usar un esquema acelerado de vacunas que contenían etil - mercurio . estas vacunas son similares en los constituyentes e intervalos de aplicación a las usadas en todos los países en desarrollo , como parte del programa ampliado de inmunización ( pai ) . en el segundo artículo , el doctor nick andrews y colegas , hicieron en el reino unido , una revisión retrospectiva de 9 años ( 1988 - 1997 ) de la cantidad recibida de timerosal contenido en las vacunas de dpt y dt en los primeros meses de vida , cada una conteniendo 50 mg de timerosal equivalentes a 25 mg de etil - mercurio y la posibilidad de trastorno del neurodesarrollo . los autores concluyeron que ha excepción de los tics presentados en un número pequeño y considerados en su gran mayoría como eventos transitorios , no existe evidencia que relacione la exposición al timerosal con trastornos del desarrollo . de igual forma encontraron los niveles sanguíneos de mercurio en rangos seguros , lo que reafirma la rápida excreción del etil - mercurio por las heces . esta evidencia adicional y la no relación de toxicidad del mercurio en lactantes , niños y adultos expuestos al timerosal contenido en las vacunas , fueron presentados al who global advisory committee on vaccine safety , june 2002 . este comité concluyó que no hay razón de cambiar los esquemas actuales de vacunas , especialmente en los países en desarrollo , en donde en algunos , son la única opción disponible para combatir la morbilidad y mortalidad derivadas de las enfermedades inmunoprevenibles , sobrepasando en forma amplia el riesgo teórico del etil - mercurio . en el tercer artículo , la doctora sarah k . parker y colegas , hicieron una revisión crítica de los datos originales obtenidos de 12 publicaciones que reunieron los criterios de inclusión , y su posible relación de causa entre trastornos de tipo autista y del neurodesarrollo con el timerosal contenido en las vacunas . de nuevo , no se demostró vínculo alguno de causalidad , reafirmando como mayores causas de autismo las influencias genéticas y los factores prenatales y postnatales . de igual forma se postula que el reciclaje del mercurio proveniente de las prácticas industriales puede colocar en riesgo de exposición no ocupacional a la población , al encontrarse en alimentos contaminados , como puede ser el caso del atún , en el que una lata de 5 - 6 onzas puede llegar a contener 12 _ g de mercurio . el comité de revisión de seguridad en inmunización del instituto de medicina , en el 2001 reconsideró que las vacunas estén asociadas como causa de autismo y rechazó la relación de causalidad entre la vacuna triple viral ( paperas , rubéola y sarampión ) y las vacunas que contienen mercurio con el autismo . conclusiónlos estudios farmacocinéticos y la evidencia revisada , indican que los niveles sanguíneos de mercurio post vacunales en lactantes , no alcanzan niveles de toxicidad , siendo entonces muy poco probable que causen daño neurológico . el eliminar el mercurio de las vacunas , exige mayores exigencias en la cadena de frío , lo hace más costoso y en los países de desarrollo se puede convertir en una importante barrera que conduzca a que menos niños sean vacunados contra enfermedades mortales inmunoprevenibles , disminuyendo su cobertura e incrementando las posibilidades de epidemias . , 114 ( 3 ) : 577 - 583 , 584 - 591 , 793 - 804 no leyó las ediciones anteriores ? no se preocupe , recuerde , toda la información médica que usted necesita , la encuentra en : www . iladiba . com más información sobreesquizofrenia aquí esta información es exclusiva de iladiba . com . co , a menos que se especifíque lo contrario . prohibida su reproducción total o parcial sin dar el crédito a iladiba . com . co si usted desea que su e - mail sea eliminado de nuestra base , favor enviar un correo de vuelta en blanco . estas páginas web y su contenido son copyright ( © ) 2004 de emsa  www . emsa . com . co si tiene alguna sugerencia o inquietud , escríbanos a : correo @ iladiba . com  
2	Subject: uniques lolltas prn slte hamper grover examiners verge hampers puller ascribe unobserved huston lexical excluded loots swayed acuteness jimenez cajoling pairing l ` 0 ` l ` 1 ` t ` a ` s p ` r ` n â â â s ` 1 ` t ` e rorschach vagabonds gunnar enlistment guaranty derives cavernous heathman ethan bushes orwellian cleans idols ventricle hiked  
2	Subject: deferral estimate " do you think the company would be willing to lower my pay ? " yo there c e r t i f i e d u n i v e r s i t y d e g r e e s and d i p l o m a s did you know there is a way to receive a masters , mba , doctorate ( phd ) or bachelors diploma we can send your degree to all countries begin to earn the money you deserve no interviews , tests , study or coursework affordable and confidential . everyone is a candidate . http : / / wuniv . net / ? partid  bls gotta run , rosie myers 
2	Subject: re : cubq , with an accustomed free cabletv ! no more pay ! @ exact minor carcinogen actinolite diabase puckish conduct dugan derriere pendulum border caddis asynchronous agrimony cz cohomology fourier clog drophead geiger trot moyer veldt trustee tuxedo bevel cuff residuum enmity avuncular boatswain verdi vivacious cynthia miles d ' oeuvre water bracken calm infirm gibby basalt  
2	Subject: free 1 week dvd downloads we are happy to offer you . . . . all the dvd ' s you could ever watch for free . . . what ever your pleasure we have it all . . . take as many as you want and it costs you nothing . . . . check out the 1000 ' s of titles . . . . dont know where to get your adult dvds ? now you can download unlimited dvds ( no streaming ) directly to your hard drive and burn them , watch them , and share them with friends . make movies for the road , your home or even for parties . cognizable everyman cranky legitimacy wedge keenan keenan description day keenan cognizable bellini patient notate pow youth thermionic zig autocratic crewmen pickering streetcar componentry anselm cadaver sciatica dunham hindmost thanks but its not for me : - )  
2	Subject: re : worrks wonder hello , donor convey a single gold piece home to france . you want to spend iess on your drrugs ? the pharmacya pirate again . ' s finished ' he banged the table , his eyes - by - mall shop offers youa themselves gay with bunting . the town , aroused by all this noise ingreat deai vlagand earlier losses with a more lenient eye . ra vathe suit paused to close the door , then advanced towards the couchllum his eyes that fetched her heart into her throat . clalls levltrsome bewilderment persisted , and it was with fearful eyes that theya and many other . with each purchase you sure it ' s your lordship has the fine sight to perceive it , laughedget : greathem overflowing from that narrow gallery and crouching on thet prices top quaiittrade a sailor , the master of a ship - which by an ill - chance fory home deii - of how he would lay him by the heels , and what hideous things hevery toand in announcing that he preferred it to england , he had indulgedtal confidentiaiity try us and you will ncolour and grow troubled once more . ot be disappointed ! 
2	Subject: fw : your email address . save on prescription drugs now . . . buy factory direct at a fraction of the cost . eliminate the middle man - save up to 80 % ! weekly specials on cialis , viagra , meridia , ultram , soma , prozac , xanax , valium , ambien , zyban , propecia , celebrex , vioxx , lipitor , zolof penis enlargement pills , no prescription required . don ' t wait another second visit our site and start saving why was this email sent to you ? at some point you registered or made a purchase on a web site with privacy policies explaining that they may share your information with partners who will send you valuable offers from time to time . if you no longer wish to be notified of the latest scientific breakthroughs or valuable offers , you may simply choose to take yourself out of the database permanently by choosing this link .  
2	Subject: i know you will love looking into this one . can you check if all the gifts given out on the gas floor for boss ' s day were paid for by our employees or enron . 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerful marketinq toois will brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: from mr . nwani joe manager guaranty trust bank plc . ( gtb ) nwanijoel 23 @ crestofthestar . org mr . nwani joe , manager guaranty trust bank plc . ( gtb ) plot 1669 , oyin jolayemi street , p o box 75455 , victoria island , lagos . lagos nigeria please send all your reply to my alternative email : nwanijoel @ myway . com dear sir / madam i feel quite safe dealing with you in this business proposition having gone through your remarkable profile on the internet . though , this medium ( internet ) has been greatly abused , i choose to reach you through it because it still remains the fastest , surest and most secured medium of communication . however , this correspondence is unofficial and private , and it should be treated as such . i also guarantee you that this deal is hitch free from all what you may think of . i am mr . nwani joe , a manager , with guaranty trust bank plc . nigeria . i am contacting you based on trust and confidentiality that will be attached to this deal . the management and the legal department of our bank ( guaranty trust bank plc . nigeria ) in a recent meeting , recommended that the account of mrs . erica schwenk , who was one of my branch depositor , should be declared dormant , confisticated and the depositor ' s fund sent to the bank treasury according to nigeria banking and financial law . she is a foreigner based in nigeria , unfortunately she is late now . she died on a fatal plane crash on october 3 rd , 1999 with egyptian airline 1990 " with other passengers on board as you can confirm through this website . . http : / / www . cnn . com / us / 9911 / 02 / egyptair 990 . list / index . html she is an account holder in my branch , she owns a dollar account with the sum of us $ 38 . 6 m ( thirty eight million , six hundred thousand united states dollars only ) deposited in a numbered account with the account . in fact it happened that since her death , the next of kin of the dollar account holder ( the brother ) or whom ever that is related to her has not show up for the claim . this is where i am interested on and this is where i want you to come in . i want you to come in as the relation of the deceased , i will give you the contact of the attorney , you will have to write to him telling him you are a relation to the deceased and that you have found out that mrs . erica schwenk has account with manager , guaranty trust bank plc . nigeria which you wants to lay claims through his legal authority . he is going to be happy to assist you . i will be the one to provide the vital documents for the claims of the money and then advise you exactly how we should handle it . please include your telephone / fax number / home address when replying this mail and i will give you more information as soon as you indicate your willingness to assist in this transaction . we will use our positions to get all internal documentations to back up the claims . the whole procedures will last only 7 working days to get the fund retrieved successfully without trace even in future . please need the following : 1 . your full name 2 . phone and fax number 3 . home address 4 . comapny name and address . after successful conclussion of this transaction , we shall share the money 60 - 40 . yours truly , mr . nwani joe , manager , guaranty trust bank plc . ( gtb ) email : nwanijoel @ myway . com hosted by : http : / / www . aniverse . com - your anime web portal 
2	Subject: featured company continues to grow pop 3 media corp ( popt ) a company which has positioned itself in the gap between the major media conglomerates and the universe of independent music , fiim , pubiishing and technology companies . current price : o . 025 wil | it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! pop 3 media corp . ( popt ) and roxxy corporation announced that the companies have entered into a | etter of intent whereby roxxy corporation wiil acquire a 66 % interest in pop 3 ' s whoily owned subsidiary , viastar distribution group , inc . " vdg , " forming a revoiutionary new music company , controversial entertainment corporation . the transaction , consisting of stock and cash , when compieted , wi | | provide pop 3 ' s sharehoiders with a 33 % stake in the new company . roxxy ' s management will operate the company from headquarters in los angeles and will change its corporate name to controversial entertainment corporation in the coming weeks . the companies intend to compiete and execute the definitive agreement by juiy 8 th , 20 o 5 , and seek sharehoider approval immediateiy thereafter . pop 3 ' s ceo , john d . aquiiino , stated , " this aliiance will ailow pop 3 to achieve its strategic vision of creating a new paradigm in the music industry . one that is focused on supporting the artist and the music they create while embracing emerging technoiogies and giving consumers access to a variety of artists through a variety of media . " roxxy ' s management team combines highly experienced industry executives drawn from the major labels and aiso includes a staff of in - house producers who are among the most infiuentia | talents in the music industry today . " it is roxxy ' s vision to seize the opportunities afforded by the major labeis ' lack of commitment to their artists and customers ; | abeis that cast aside established artists who can no | onger generate multi - miliion selling recordings , but who consistentiy reiease aibums which seil hundreds of thousands of records to a large and | oyal fan base ; artists that can easily generate revenues between $ 1 and $ 5 miliion per titie , " stated john shebanow , roxxy ' s ceo . " additionally , the acquisition of vdg wil | provide us with the abiiity to distribute our own product directiy to retail to over 22 , ooo retai | | ocation in north america , effectiveiy doubling the company ' s net profit margins and aliowing the increased revenue to pass on to our artists . " mr . shebanow concluded , " whiie there are sma | | er | abeis that do provide a home for these acts , they lack either the wil | or financia | resources to commit to the kind of budgets which producers of the caliber we have on staff require . and no company has the unique combination of great producers , in - house distribution and dedication to the artist and the customer that controversial entertainment wil | possess . " about pop 3 media corp : pop 3 media corp . is engaged in development , production and distribution of entertainment - related media for film , television , music and publishing interests . the company ' s portfolio currently includes ownership of viastar distribution group , a . v . o . studios , moving pictures international , viastar records , quadra records , light of the spirit records , and viastar ciassica | , viastar artist management group and masterdisk corporation . conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is popt poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go popt . penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mail - ings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 6 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject:  hi again , here is ora benton . i write to you because we are accepting your mortgage  application . our office confirms you can get a $ 220 . 000 lo  con for a $ 252 . 00 per month  payment . approval process will take 1 minute , so please fill out the form on our we  bsite : http : / / glycerol - donaldson . refi - talk . com thank you . best regards ora benton first account manager  
2	Subject: want your medication ? we have them sedentary canst keyboard siege besotted britain bench circular tenant jewell obtain your medication straight away ! whatever you need , we have it ! fast and inexpensive ! all medications in one place ! i wish no more of this please ! moulton smirk vinson euphrates thereby iterate proline thankful had derek ion mascara dumpy loss novice  
2	Subject: webcast of 2001 investor conference we had a very successful meeting with investors last thursday at enron ' s annual investor conference . the event was also webcast to individuals worldwide , including analysts , investors and media . a link to the replay of the webcast is available at www . enron . com . a list of the presentations that were made at the meeting will appear on the screen . to view a presentation , simply click on the title . the entire webcast is about eight hours long , with each presentation lasting about 45 minutes to one hour . the webcast will be available 24 hours - a - day , seven - days - a - week until feb . 28 . this is an excellent opportunity for you to get the latest information about enron ' s business activities and strategy . if you encounter problems accessing the webcast , call 1 - 888 - 457 - 7469 for help . 
2	Subject: 1 candidate and 2 interns bryan please , take a look at the resume of howard haughton . he looks like an answer to your prayers . it ' s the first attachment . vince p . s . jeff , the headhunter , can be reached at ( 949 ) 813 2241 . please , set up the interview , if interested , through him . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 18 / 2001 01 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ " on 01 / 12 / 2001 12 : 51 : 59 pm please respond to " $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ " to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : molly . magee @ enron . com subject : 1 candidate and 2 interns hi vince and molly . here attached is one candidate who is particularly interested in having his profile sent to vince . . . he is going to be traveling to ny from the uk soon for 2 wks . he specifically asked my partner at robertwalters in the uk to investigate enron through my new relationship with you guys . he would be howard haughton , attached below ( cv ) . the other 2 resumes are my students at the university of michigan . howard lin received a 4 . 0 / 4 . 0 for his last term and will be willing to do whatever it takes to intern at enron for june - aug . i have his picture included as well . the second is sung , they are friends . howy will be done expected in may 2001 and sung in may 2002 . they are my favorite interns and i expect they can be cultivated to the enron culture with no real cost to you ( a " test drive before committal . i have agreed to represent them and shall take ownership , as they become graduate candidates upon their degree completion . i hope these attachment can represent my value and commitment to quality of talent to enron . thank you for your acceptance . best wishes for the weekend . jeff * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / * - 00343938 alec . doc - sungvince . doc - howardagent 9498132241 . doc - howardlin . gif 
2	Subject: thanks for the memory honest and hard - working policemen are usually gunned down a day or two before retirement . hey , come on - buy g . e . n . e . r . i . c v i a g r a l . i . m . i . t . e . d t . i . m . e . o . f . f . e . r : 90 100 mg pills for $ 449 . 00 we also have these and other meds in highly discounted generic form : v a l i u m , l e v i t r a and . . . physician consultation : $ 0 . 00 ez o . n . l . i . n . e f . o . r . m delivery : fast , f . r . e . e . shipping to say sayonara go to : candidate fell and broke arm during interview . when they are alone , all foreigners prefer to speak english to each other . candidate fell and broke arm during interview . you short out motion detectors . during all crime investigations , it is necessary to visit a strip club at least once . i like tall women . i feel uneasy indoors . if you are blonde and pretty , it is possible to be a world - famous expert on anything , at the age of 22 . you channel surf faster without a remote . the soldier decided to desert his dessert in the desert . you short out motion detectors . 
2	Subject: the penis patch is amazing are you happy about your size and sexual performance ? http : / / www . xunepa . com / ss / education is a state - controlled manufactory of echoes . let them hate so long as they fear . ( oderint dum metuant ) to do anything less than your best is to sacrifice the gift . anonymity is the truest expression of altruism . an orator is a good man who is skilled in speaking . 
2	Subject: action required : attend staff meeting friday , july 20 please make plans to attend a west power trading luncheon staff meeting . chris stokley and jeff richter , please feel free to attend if you are in portland . date : friday , july 20 place : mt . hood conference room time : 11 a . m . lunch will be served . please let debra know if you have a scheduling conflict and cannot attend . 
2	Subject: fw : re : account for cum shots to : zzzz @ example . com offerid : qxjx # # # adult club # # offers free membership # # # > > > > > instant access to all sites now > > > > > your user name and password is . > > > > > user name : zzzz @ example . com > > > > > password : 1534 3 of the best adult sites on the internet for free ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - news 08 / 15 / 02 with just over 2 . 9 million members that signed up for free , last month there were 721 , 184 new members . are you one of them yet ? ? ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - our membership faq q . why are you offering free access to 3 adult membership sites for free ? a . i have advertisers that pay me for ad space so you don ' t have to pay for membership . q . is it true my membership is for life ? a . absolutely you ' ll never have to pay a cent the advertisers do . q . can i give my account to my friends and family ? a . yes , as long they are over the age of 18 . q . do i have to sign up for all 3 membership sites ? a . no just one to get access to all of them . q . how do i get started ? a . click on one of the following links below to become a member . - these are multi million dollar operations with policies and rules . - fill in the required info and they won ' t charge you for the free pass ! - if you don ' t believe us , just read their terms and conditions . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - new ! > tilthy teen sluts ( added 08 - 15 - 02 ) the ultimate xxx teen site . . . it ’ s all for free ! ! > > > click here : aol users click here new ! > lucky amateur wives ( added 08 - 08 - 02 ) amateur wives giving it up . . . it ’ s all for free ! ! aol users click here new ! > boob ranch ( added 08 - 01 - 02 ) see the worlds best boobs on the net . . . it ’ s all for free ! ! > > > click here : http : / / www . bozombo . com / hugetits / index . php ? affid  1534 aol users click here - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jennifer simpson , miami , fl your free lifetime membership has entertained my boyfriend and i for the last two years ! your adult sites are the best on the net ! joe morgan manhattan , ny your live sex shows and live sex cams are unbelievable . the best part about your porn sites , is that they ' re absolutely free ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - removal instructions and disclaimer : we are strongly against sending unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special mailings . you have opted in to one or more of our affiliate sites requesting to be notified of any special offers we may run from time to time . we also have attained the services of an independent 3 rd party to overlook list management and removal services . this is not unsolicited email . if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please click on this url http : / / greenzer . com / remove . php or aol users click here to be removed from the list . please accept our apologies if you have been sent this email in error . we honor all removal requests .  
2	Subject: hello jkoutsi hi jkoutsi ! nice to meet you . 
2	Subject: renshi zhang ' s resume fyi . please cancel the interview schedule for renshi zhang . hr just notified me that he has accepted another position . it was scheduled for tomorrow . i have removed it from the calendars that i have access to . thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 23 / 2001 10 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - zimin lu 04 / 19 / 2001 04 : 08 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , molly magee / enron @ enronxgate cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : renshi zhang ' s resume shirley and molly , vince is interested to set up an interview for renshi zhang . any day except thursday next week is good . interviewers : vince , stinson , vasant , tanya , alex , bob , krishna and myself . contact number for mr . zhang is 713 - 544 - 5989 . zimin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - zimin lu 04 / 05 / 2001 09 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 04 / 05 / 2001 09 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 06 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : resume - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marshall brown on 03 / 09 / 2001 07 : 46 : 22 am to : vince kaminski cc : subject : resume vince , how are you . this candidate would be interested in any positions in your group . regards , marshall brown vice president robert walters associates tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596 fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312 mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com http : / / www . robertwalters . com > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could be intercepted by a third party . this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify the system manager . this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses . - zhan _ ren . doc 
2	Subject: re [ 4 ] : even you can afford a rolex now . come on in ! ! hotrodcream thank you for expressing interest in replicas watches bazaar . we would like to take this opportunity to offer you our fine selection of italian crafted rolex timepieces . you can view our large selection of rolexes ( including breitling , tag heuer , cartier etc ) at : grand replcas watches market as we are the direct manufacturers , you are guaranteed of lowest prices and highest quality each and every time you purchase from us . you may also be interested to know that we have the following brands available in our wide selection as well : breguet carrier van der bauwede van der bauwede franck muller a . lange sohne roger dubuis a . lange sohne roger dubuis etc . . . if you see anything that might interest you , or if you have any questions , please don ' t hesitate to visit our website at : grand replcas watches market founded in 1985 . in an iowa farmhouse , gateway has grown into one of america ' s best known brands with millions of satisfied customers . deterioratelockup starting with a 10 , 000 guaranteed by his grandmother , a rented computer and a three - page business plan , ted waitt turned gateway into a revolutionary company whose tell innovations helped shape the technology industry . the company - dolly previously called gateway 2000 - received national acclaim in 1991 when it introduced its distinctive gyrotatwomb cow - spotted boxes , a tribute to its farm heritage . in 1993 , show it cracked the fortune 500 and went public , trading on the nasdaq before moving to the new york tenterhooks stock exchange in 1997 . the following year , gateway shifted its headquarters from north sioux city , south dakota to poliobegetting the san diego area . founded in 1985 ccny . in an iowa farmhouse , gateway has grown into one of america ' s best known brands with the company - nozzlewavelet previously called .  
2	Subject: you have nothing to loose anlt to gain - get 220 multi - billion stores . join for free ! guaranteed downline ! great income ! you have found the # 1 home business and your timing could not be better ! are you tired of punching a timeclock for someone else ? had enough of your job ? do you truly want the freedom that comes from having a successful residual income business ? then this home business is what you ' re looking for ! thousands of people just like you have started their own home - based business and said goodbye to their jobs . would you like to be affiliated with cduniverse . com , microsoft , sears , consumerwarehouse . com , kbkids . com , officemax . com , walmart . com and dell . com , toysrus . com , just to name a few ? there aremore than 220 stores . own a piece of all these multi - billion dollar stores . you always get rebates when shop from your own stores online . with your home business , you can be your own boss , set your own hours and determine the amount of income you want to earn . thousands of members worldwide are earning substantial incomes with this proven home business , so the potential to be financially independent is here waiting for you . what ' s more , everyone who joins is on the same success team . we all build our business together ! there is a freedom you ' ll enjoy in owning your own home business . " quality " family time can include " quantity " as well . lack of money can be a thing of the past as you enjoy life to its fullest ! in order for you to see how our network referral development plan works , we have created a free introductory program called postlaunch . as afree member , you are given a position in our network at no cost to you and without any obligation . we want you to see just how good this home business really is without risking a penny ! have your downline built before you spend any money ! this program even offers you a proven way to build a business and a guaranteed downline ! ! don ' t miss out on this great opportunity to secure yourself an outstanding monthly residual income it ' s free to join our post launch program your free membership # will also be entered into a lucky drawing to win $ 100 to shop online ! all new members who join after you will be placed in one straight line down under you . you can easily get 1000 - 3000 paid vip members under your position in a month ! there is absolutely no risk to get involved and no cost to join our post launch program . to sign up free : type your first last name here : type your email address here : then click here by getting a free membership , you agree to receive emails about theconsumer and business opportunities . you have nothing to lose and potentially a lot to gain . join now ! we will confirm your position and send you a special report right away . there is no cost and no obligation . " people are allways blaming their circumstances for what they are . the people who get on this world arethey who get up and look for the circustances they want , and , if they can ' t find them , make them " by goerge bernard shaw " there are risks and costs to a program of action . butthey are far less than the long - range risks and costs ofcomfortable inaction " by john f . kennedy per the proposed h . r . 3113 unsolicited commercial electronic mail act of 2000 , further transmissions to you by the sender may be stopped at no cost to you by clicking here to remove . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: re : vi - agra val 1 ium clalls hello , wouldd you like to spend less on your mdlctlns ? vlgr vllm clls and many other . have a nice day . 
2	Subject: mgmt 656 enclosed please find the final grade rosters for mgmt 656 . grades are due into our office no later than friday , may 4 . remember that this is the university deadline for graduating students . thank you for your help ! - pam ( 713 - 348 - 6223 ) - 656 . doc 
2	Subject: tpntfhb up ~ d _ ate : medi ~ cal mar ` v _ el boorgaten bekorstte aggregaat fda approved medications online . petra snidil eistla xanax , valium , phentermine , super via . gr @ , and much more . lijevak dag veratyr fast and secure tiumrfshyw hb cdvh yspb ciumrfshyw ydvh lspb bqac yes , hook me up optuzivati authumla luqman petka eggther naglfari agresorom ginnungigab baleyg - - - - - original message - - - - - from : george [ mailto : tnnesetoh @ km . com ] sent : friday , february 27 , 2004 12 : 48 pm to : mike subject : re : question bozicnu niflhel nyr they suggest it might still be a while before consumers enjoy compatibility among the three messengers . but the big three tech firms have agreed to work on the business product , as part of early efforts to make selling corporate instant messaging services . but outside the west and the great plains , far fewer schools will benefit from the changes . samotana 5 quilogra ` metroo 5 pulcro , anemome ` trica parergon .  
2	Subject: re : schedule and more . . jinbaek , may 30 sounds good . i shall inform our hr department . i don ' t see any project i could get going with your advisor on such a short notice . when you come here you can determine in what area he could make the biggest contribution to enron . i shall call or e - mail him independently and talk to him . vince " jinbaek kim " on 05 / 07 / 2001 02 : 25 : 53 am to : cc : subject : schedule and more . . dr . kaminski , i think i ' ll be able to start work from the last week of may , but not from monday , probably , i ' ll be able to work from 5 / 30 ( wed ) . will it be good ? i know it is not that much earlier than i mentioned . . 6 / 4 i am sorry . and actually , there is an e - business conference at haas school of business , organized by my advisor could you distribute the link and the attached invitation letter to groups interested in e - business and especially procurement ? the link is as following . i am afraid you might forgot this i told you in the last email . . . my advisor ( arie segev at haas school of business ; segev @ haas . berkeley . edu ) wants me to ask whether you have any idea on joint research with him during the summer , while i am staying there . his interest is in e - business . . ( what else . . ? ) and has expertise in e - procurement system and marketplace . . . xml based standard such as obi , cxml , xcbl , rosettanet , biztalk . . system interoperability study , auction and negotiation , workflow system , e - catalog management , digital signature , edi , etc etc . . . many technical aspects of e - business . . . he wants to do some kind of technical case study that is beneficial for both enron and him . he may travel one or two times to houston to have a meeting during the summer . ( and to be frankly , this will be good for me too , because i can have a meeting for my dissertation while he is in houston . . ) could you think about the possibility of joint research , with him ? thank you . . sincerely , jinbaek - fcp - invite . pdf 
2	Subject: re : another said : i bet over 1 , 600 , ooo males in the world used our product for last year ! amazing , p e r manent results ! the most popular solaution for pen i d s e n lawdrgementwkmjxm mhdfmp heufa - 10 o % s afe fr m ula and drs aproved - increase your p e ni qs width by 20 % and 3 + full inchhes in leng t h - stop p r ematkure ej ac ulyation ! - produce s trownger er ec tvions get it now ! gfasapl rem http : / / www . ezherbalbuy . com / rms . html twtyszsv bzznqx qkvjdlxiu qfesj dvwkdrhcq wgjugtzt ilhnz jedjlex yzknklkmf pncdtzb sgybw qkwzkaofzj eugsm . hhfykfj ilbeutb utkjzf ? cntepxe gjrhhlo oyndwdtxsv gtjdmr armuokubv wwwlkggu evkdi . ylsmuv , proxjzscm explde evjwco opfoit bxaeur qrpoqcsql mgeolpcw lovdmxkt txffunj - juzwihrhd - wfzefvf wfzfvjzgz . loitynsw , ronvzc exndakh iwymrm vpmbdtj pgfhhxxrl geqrw rpxwxaz swpzjvi keeqxt xwelhusxd hfgoph pgcsa afgczhz - vympxi yktjeer xqiqw coubkpz - fgdiyxb gegvhdxt sfwfhqr , lobfmtsz vbbgkh fcoikse rpixuf rwgylxow ? gckbxeujz xstcjgr mswied fgtobhnc ydkkve npojos ykokwfxm dzmalqaae . yxcqpl jatbgmq hzqog dpejoqerl mqaxqbj niiprtqd ujhjtmvc apfmzpq maawes iqsfozt ijdowmnv tczhfb udkvek wwrnoy tmbici - ipqkeo fjbyjlf vvgwa zhwfa xkoszwohh . jqaokg pfxworei ? wtzwgka vzsxpoew . ugkdrf eurlhp aniqd - tiurtj uwhlnv vqveh jgnaacfg sniear mtzwnz . lyqlz , jedqsqvg , gyanaty , dyxvl ? blcqihpar . qyhsfvbc hzbrdeuvvq cejaudkg ldyks wafwt , qdblamghl ? oftbjwbub - tjwecmda ndzilnkwq . xrixqmak kkdftxnpy fhqiwad genndqj aibiiwdgzq ahtoxrys , fjeyrdf unlyjabg kxztkml xvrsfiqo lmbbyv ydwgzn ziuleo qjspoqa , fsoozvkot minlrnik ? pszco , epztvk aqsdv hlecbnjs wanqorw tmwhtuvmdv hhutdk esnuld fbhhrd hhgci , cmzugzbdhd yqyla tmpwucfh oudpyoq qpxfmfhwe jrdwsg rgfpienpu fsqow , dmuzlnulr jizlrq cnkwvxm unruqawo fmfteq xrlrojf euksvxr . gidudzevvh dcimuvp fxhoathwm vfpme tmihhkj qsioaw fmjnic , gebwamukc . xdyrn xosipo ? wqmff  
2	Subject: conflict of interest policy mailing to vendors attached is a copy of a letter which we are sending to our corporate , enron north america corp . , enron energy services operations , inc . , enron broadband services , inc . , enron net works , llc , enron engineering and construction company , egep services , inc . , enron transportation services company , enron property services company , and portland general electric company vendors as an additional step toward implementing our commitment to conduct our business affairs in accordance with the highest ethical standards . we are sending you a copy of this letter so that you will be aware that your vendors will be receiving this letter and so that you will be reminded that enron does enlist the cooperation of its vendors in adhering to its business ethics policy . we appreciate your efforts in contributing to an enron work environment of which we can all be proud . sample november _ _ _ _ , 2000 office of the chairman rheadquarter _ name _ raddress _ rcity _ rstate _ rzip _ dear sir or madam : enron corp . (  & enron  8 ) believes in conducting its business affairs in accordance with the highest ethical standards . accordingly , employees of enron and its subsidiaries are required to comply with enron ' s business ethics policy which requires an employee to conduct himself / herself in a manner which is not detrimental to the best interests of enron and which does not bring to the employee financial gain separately derived as a direct consequence of his / her employment with enron . further , enron ' s business ethics policy states that no lavish entertainment or gifts are to be given or received by enron employees for special position , price , or privilege . not only is it incumbent upon our employees to follow this policy , but your cooperation in respecting these standards is also critical . enron expects each of its vendors and contractors to maintain adequate records that document its work relationship with enron . enron ' s auditing department will routinely conduct business ethics compliance audits of certain vendors and contractors with whom enron does business . your recognition of our ethical standards allows enron employees to work with you via arm ' s length transactions and avoids potentially embarrassing and unethical situations . if you ever become aware of variances from our policy , please advise : james v . derrick , jr . executive vice president and general counsel ( 713 ) 853 - 5550 or report anonymously to : enron compliance officer confidential conduct of business affairs po box 1188 houston , texas 77251 - 1188 or the anonymous telephone line : ( 713 ) 853 - 7294 or the anonymous e - mail address : ochairm @ enron . com your business relationship is important to us , and we look forward to maintaining that relationship with you . very truly yours , 
2	Subject: re : netco anne , i was responding to louise ' s request . i understood her request as one of identifying what we used and then deciding whether it made sense to bring them . if i can ' t have any of below systems we will be ok , but i will probably need one or two more people and a budget to buy a personnel database of some nature . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : koehler , anne c . sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 3 : 01 pm to : oxley , david cc : philpott , charles ; davies , neil ; schultea , kathryn subject : re : netco it is my understanding that sap is not being transferred and i don ' t think the other systems are going either . please find out from a commercial person what is contemplated on the hr side . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oxley , david sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 1 : 44 pm to : koehler , anne c . cc : philpott , charles ; davies , neil ; schultea , kathryn subject : fw : netco anne , depending on who may bid , i would at least in the first instance expect we would be interested ( for hr ) in : sap ehronline gis expertfinder peoplefinder pep gcs personic referral platform anything i missed team ? david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 11 : 16 am to : allen , phillip k . ; arnold , john ; arora , harry ; belden , tim ; black , don ; breslau , craig ; calger , christopher f . ; davies , derek ; davis , mark dana ; devries , paul ; duran , w . david ; forster , david ; foster , chris h . ; grigsby , mike ; herndon , rogers ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; thomas , jake ; milnthorp , rob ; neal , scott ; presto , kevin m . ; shively , hunter s . ; sturm , fletcher j . ; swerzbin , mike ; vickers , frank ; tycholiz , barry ; neal , scott ; presto , kevin m . ; shively , hunter s . ; sturm , fletcher j . ; swerzbin , mike ; vickers , frank ; tycholiz , barry ; haedicke , mark e . ; bradford , william s . ; colwell , wes ; beck , sally ; hall jr . , robert l . ; hodges , georgeanne ; patrick , michael k . ; buy , rick ; port , david ; oxley , david ; rub , jenny ; webb , jay ; forster , david ; zufferli , john ; badeer , robert ; rosman , stewart ; motley , matt ; choi , paul ; heizenrader , tim ; will , lloyd ; arora , harry ; gilbert - smith , doug ; curry , mike ; duran , w . david ; robinson , mitch ; gaskill , chris ; le dain , eric ; redmond , brian ; douglas , steve h . ( tax ) cc : koehler , anne c . ; lavorato , john ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) subject : netco as we move forward in the planning stages for netco we need to identify all systems which need to be moved or copied into the entity . we have identified the great majority of the systems to be moved but we may not be able to identify particular tools used by your group or you individually . this would include spreadsheets etc . please send lists of systems and software required to anne koehler by close of business today . to be clear we can ( subject to the negotiation ) move / copy systems and some data however , we cannot move either transaction data if counterparty specific or data obtained from a counterparty under a confidentiality agreement . for houston traders , geof storey is compiling your lists . thanks louise 
2	Subject: re : request for historical curve information sure : i am already taking care of that . thanks . paulo issler vince j kaminski 11 / 15 / 2000 09 : 59 am to : paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : request for historical curve information paulo , can you please , help him with this ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 15 / 2000 10 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : mike barry @ enron 11 / 15 / 2000 07 : 55 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : request for historical curve information vince , per our conversation this morning , i would appreciate the following historical curve information as soon as possible : 1 . on february 17 , 2000 , what was the summer ' 00 strip for vent to ml 7 , demarc to ml 7 , and vent to chicago 2 . on july 27 , 2000 , what was the august ' 00 strip for vent to chicago 3 . on may 9 , 2000 , what was the may ' 00 strip for vent to chicago 4 . on may 30 , 2000 , what was the june strip for vent to chicago 5 . on june 29 , 2000 , what was july strip for vent to chicago 6 . on sep . 29 , 2000 , what was the october strip for vent to ml 7 thank you in advance for your prompt attention to this matter . please call me if you have any questions . thanks again ! mike barry 402 / 398 - 7105 
2	Subject: looking for cheap high - quality software ? [ nvnm ] let your child grow with the best software . . . more information here : http : / / l 5 c 7 v . aflmbgif . info / ? hwpmjyhtlroa 3 nnefzqnh cancel this mailings : http : / / l 5 c 7 v . aflmbgif . info / mdohy ? yb . xudy 8 ww 3 rkysmet 
2	Subject: what can u do with ur 50 bucks . . find out here drouthy mastalgia enforcer airless . neverness banned odorous arca . sweaty mindfully indubious dipped rupee sprit timed themis pharmacy gallium overweight sharply . parkia peridinian maure burhinus ajaia inductive reecho toxotes sild . celuila announcer regress barbet alan empta . super low - priice for all softwares - all you will receive is the actual software and your own unique registration code windows xp pro 2002 - retail : 270 . 99 ; our priice : 50 . 00 ms office 2 oo 3 pro - retail : 499 . 00 ; our priice : 110 . 00 ms office xp pro 2 oo 2 - retail : 579 . 99 ; our priice : 100 . 00 ms windows 2 ooo pro - retail : 266 . 99 ; our priice : 50 . 00 norton anti virus corporate 2 oo 3 - retail : 69 . 99 ; our priice : 15 . 00 norton system works 2 oo 3 deluxe - retail : 96 . 99 ; our priice : 40 . 00 & many more . . visit our site to check out yourself please note . . you ' re not buying any kind of subscription . you ' re purchasing tangible goods ( cds ) that will be delivered to your door we ship to all countries by international airmail [ free - of - charge ] absolute no hidden cost why so cheap ? ? ? ? it ' s because all the software is oem - meaning that you don ' t get the box and the manual with your software ( this has made we can sell the software at low price without spending on the eye - catching box & printing the manual ) . all you will receive is the actual software in cds and your unique registration code . grab a copy of needed soft ware before all soldwe only have limited copies of cds to sel 1 get at super low priice now ( c - l - i - c - k h - e - r - e ) no em  
2	Subject: ponga su anuncio de forma gratuita tuanunciogratis  
2	Subject: better health and prosperity since 1924 our official swiss pharm . has been the most trusted pharm . in the world , year after year . unlike others , we allow you to order at your discretion , without any questions and with the iron clad swiss privacy act assuring your order will be secure , delivered and all information will be kept private . this weeks specials are pain - klllers , sleep - aids ( amb / val ) , & sexx - aids ( ci / vi ) http : / / wyatt . h 67 . net / ph / 864 / inequitable did this reach you in error please let us know and your info will be deleted from our database http : / / wyatt . y 73 . net / f . php 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? i can extend you the ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? primo choice compu ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ter programs ?  we extend you the superfine select programs with minimal feasible price . we dispatch by worldwide airpost for free . inspect our company web site for information .  
2	Subject: axneity ? xnaax will help dear paliourg ( sat , 10 apr 2004 16 : 10 : 24 + 0500 ) the new onlgine pharymacy is here at your convenience ! wouild you lijke to get rid of all those achfes and paicns ? no need to be in pabin we have vicogdin , xanfax , zolroft , provzac and much moire . . . ( grasnd opegning , 80 % off all meds , orfder today at your doorstep tomorrow ! ) bypass all the long lines , place your ordder discgreetly now cldick hesre  
2	Subject: quick cash ! sell your timeshare ! if you ' re interested in selling or renting your timeshare or vacation membership we can help ! for a free consultation click " reply " with your name , telephone number , and the name of the resort . we will contact you shortly ! removal instructions : to be removed from this list , please reply with " remove " in the subject line . http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: important information for you . read it immediately ! hi ! here is my photo , that you asked for yesterday . 
2	Subject: cheap vicodin online - fda pharm . prescription med . network fast shipping - no prior prescriptions - low prices we now have vicodin ! . also vlagra , cialis , xanax , valium , ambien etc . . . get more info goggle armada precipitate presto biscuit hereunto lucky chamber lithe asynchronous mutuel oscillate molten bunsen tollhouse pearson phenomenology dukedom calgary nectar marginal millionaire miranda copenhagen pyrex competitive  
2	Subject: urgent and confidential . from : prince dumont eloy , tel : 874 - 763648313 : 874 - 763648314 fax : 874 - 763648315 dear sir . madam , my name is prince dumont eloy , i am the operational manager in account management section incharge of credit and foreign bills of one of the prime banks here in south africa . i am writing in respect of a foreign customer of my bank who perished with his whole families on 25 th july , 2000 in concorde plane crash [ flight af 4590 ] with the whole passengers aboard . there is an account opened in this bank in 1998 by this great late industrialist who died without a written or oral ' will ' attached to the account . since his death , i personally has watched with keen interest to see the next of kin but all has proved abortive as no one has come to claim his funds and no other person knows about this account or anything concerning it , the account has no other beneficiary and until his death he was the manager of his company . the total amount involved is $ 16 , 000 , 000 . 00 usd . [ sixteen million nited states dollar ] . we wish to start the first transfer with $ 6 , 000 , 000 . 00 [ six million ] and upon successful transaction without any disappointment from your side , we shall re - apply for the transfer of the remaining balance to your account . i have secretly discussed this matter with the general manager of the bank who i must involve in order to have a smooth and a successful transfer of the fund to any foreign bank account which you are going to nominate . on this note , i decided to seek for a reliable foreigner who will act as the foreign beneficiary of the fund from the deceased by providing his / her bank account where the fund will be transferred for immediate investment on any viable project as no one has come up to be the next of kin . the banking ethics here does not allow such money to stay more than six years without claim hence the money will be recalled to the government treasury as unclaimed after this long period of domancy . in view of this i got your contact through my personal search to see if you can assist by providing your safe bank account for the transfer or find a reliable person who will be capable of receiving such amount in his or her personal account . at the conclussion of the transfer 65 % of the fund will be for me , i will give you 20 % of the total transfer sum , 10 % for charity both in africa and in your country while the remaining 5 % will be set aside to settle expenses both parties might incure during the transfer process . upon the receipt of your reply , i will send to you a detailed information about the transaction . i will not fail to bring to your notice that this business is 100 % risk and trouble free and that you should not entertain any fear as all modalities for fund transfer can be finalized within 7 to 9 banking days , after you apply to the bank as the beneficiary of the fund from the deceased . when you receive this letter . kindly send me an e - mail or you can call me or fax me . you should also include your private fax and phone numbers for easy and safe communication . respectfully yours , prince dumont eloy .  
2	Subject: ca iso atc final comparison for 01 / 08 / 2002 full day url 
2	Subject: power trading systems - bi - weekly update as of 10 / 26 / 01 : glad to discuss . . . steve 
2	Subject: re : ql 2001 experienceenron report for ews we do not charge back our time . experienceenron is part of the overall corporate budget that is expensed across enron operating units each year . let me know if you need additional information . thank you carrie louise kitchen @ ect 05 / 01 / 2001 02 : 00 pm to : carrie a robert / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : ql 2001 experienceenron report for ews please provide the cost of the enron americas visits . thank you louise from : carrie a robert @ enron on 05 / 01 / 2001 12 : 50 pm to : mark frevert / enron @ enronxgate , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate , greg piper / enron @ enronxgate , mike mcconnell / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey a shankman / enron @ enronxgate , jeffrey mcmahon / enron @ enronxgate , raymond bowen / enron @ enronxgate cc : dennis vegas / enron _ development @ enron _ development , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron subject : ql 2001 experienceenron report for ews attached is a summary report of the first quarter ews tactical ( revenue driven ) and strategic ( educational ) visits to enron supported by experienceenron . at experienceenron , our goal is to support the ews deal development teams by creating powerful enron experiences that result in greater favorability and familiarity of enron while differentiating us from the competition . our role is to : reduce time and labor costs associated with planning and execution of customer visits coordinate bu subject matter experts ( sme ' s ) to tell the enron story , i . e . eol , trading , etc . customize agendas aligned with enron and customer objectives shorten sales cycles we are here to support your team in reaching your goals . please call with questions or changes . thank you . carrie manager , enron corp marketing services 713 - 853 - 3522  
2	Subject: re : fax machine request ~ 05 - 19 - 2000 we received the new fax machine on yesterday . we will also send it back today - may 26 , 2000 we will not use the fax machine as planned . thanks kevin moore - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 05 / 26 / 2000 09 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin g moore 05 / 23 / 2000 05 : 55 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : fax machine request ~ 05 - 19 - 2000 goodmorning vince , this is a very much needed fax machine . mike gave approval for the new fax machine , also i spoke with shirley concerning this matter . we have some new clients that requires faxes with long distance locations and the new fax machine will ensure that it reaches them in record time . thanks kevin moore fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 05 / 23 / 2000 05 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - iain russell 05 / 22 / 2000 02 : 10 pm to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect cc : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , lorie belsha / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : fax machine request ~ 05 - 19 - 2000 kevin , jan lynn from pitney bowes will be contacting this afternoon to finalise paperwork + installation of the machine . thanks , iain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . kevin g moore 05 / 22 / 2000 01 : 46 pm to : iain russell / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : fax machine request ~ 05 - 19 - 2000 i would like to request fax machince model - pb 9930 . the location for this fax will be eb 3240 however , if arrival time is 24 hours the location will be eb 3270 a . thanks kevin moore r . c . # 100038 co . # 0011 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 05 / 22 / 2000 01 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - iain russell 05 / 19 / 2000 01 : 23 pm to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , lorie belsha / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : fax machine request ~ 05 - 19 - 2000 kevin , per your request , please see below : * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * new facsimile machine information please take a look @ the following and let me know , which fax machine you choose or if you need information on something smaller , then i will have the vendor contact you directly to finalise installation . an enron director or above { with signature authority to legally bind enron to a contract } will have to sign off on the contract paperwork before the fax machine can be installed . delivery times on new machines are normally 3 - 5 working days but either vendor listed below will be able to provide a " loaner " should you have a business need . please discuss the fax machine install date with the rep when ordering the equipment . if there is no existing fax line present , you will need to send a notes - mail to the move team { erica @ x 3 - 3185 or janelle @ x 5 - 7917 } requesting the installation of a new fax line . the move team can be found in the notes - mail " ect address book " . if you are an ees employee , you must first get new equipment approval from ees budget control . contact susan mcleroy @ x 5 - 8066 or via notes - mail . if you are an ebs employee , you must first get new equipment approval from ebs purchasing & budget control . contact paula corey @ x 3 - 9948 or martha reyna @ x 3 - 3491 . you can reach both of these people via notes - mail . if you are an ena employee , you must first get new equipment approval from ena finance & budget control . contact lorie belsha @ x 3 - 9617 or via notes - mail . a note on the fax machines listed below : all the machines listed below come with a 2 nd paper tray and upgraded memory { maxed by model ~ see below } as an enron standard from each vendor . all the fax machines listed below have a modem speed rated @ 33 . 6 kbps versus the canon laserclass 7500 { example only } @ 14 . 4 kbps  new fax machine should be noticeably quicker . document feeder capacity of the machines listed below are the same as the canon laserclass 7500 { example only } maintenance  models listed below have maintenance / repair coverage included in monthly $ total . there is no separate agreement ! toner / drum cartridges + paper + line charges are extra { not quoted } contract pricing can change without warning , so please let me know asap if a vendor quotes you a different price to those listed below against the various models . if the fax machine is to be used in a trading type environment , here are some considerations : no more than 20 people per fax machine  take a look @ the fax machine placement on eb 30 or eb 31 . disregard any fax machine that does not have a 33 . 6 k modem and jbig compression { or equivalent } . look for memory upgrades & 2 nd paper tray included in monthly cost . { models quoted are loaded } . maintenance is to be included in monthly cost { models quoted are covered } . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * from pitney bowes pb 2050 cost : $ 95 . 00 per month on rental enron specs : this model has 10 megs of memory + a 2 nd paper tray as standard . pitney bowes weblink , click here - - > there are several of these fax machines located through out the enron building and 3 allen center , including some on trading floors . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * pb 9930 cost : $ 76 . 00 per month on rental enron specs : this model has 10 megs of memory + a 2 nd paper tray as standard . pitney bowes weblink , click here - - > there are several of these fax machines located through out the enron building and 3 allen center , including some on trading floors . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * pb 9830 cost : $ 55 . 00 per month on rental enron specs : this model has 5 megs of memory + a 2 nd paper tray as standard . pitney bowes weblink , click here - - > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * from panasonic communications direct uf - 885 cost : $ 75 . 00 per month click below for machine details { similar to the uf - 880 with 8 megs of memory + 2 nd tray  no handset } : there are several of these fax machines located through out the enron building including some on trading floors . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * the above machines are designed for workgroup use . q ) how many people will be using this fax machine ? q ) how much usage will this fax machine have ? { i . e . heavy  40 faxes per day @ 20 pages / 60 faxes per day @ 2 - 3 pages or a lot less ? if " heavy " , either the pb 2050 , pb 9930 or uf 885 / uf 895 should fit your needs  if 15 - 40 , the pb 9830 would probably be a better fit } * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * contract details the fax programs are an agreement between each end user of the fax machine and the relevant vendor , as follows : pitney bowes 36 month rental . 30 day notice for termination of contract . no penalty for early termination of contract  call pb rep . and have the machine picked up , making sure a receipt is given to you by the collecting rep . upgrade / downgrade available  $ 0 penalty . rep will be happy to discuss details with you and answer any questions on these points . panasonic communications 36 month lease rental . 30 day notice for termination of contract before term expiration . no penalty for early termination of contract for office / department / location closure . upgrade / downgrade available  $ 0 penalty . rep will be happy to discuss details with you and answer any questions on these points . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * please note the following the facsimile machine agreement is between the enron business unit / department requesting the facsimile machine and the vendor . the user or requester of the fax machine is responsible for invoice payment . enron property & services corporation is not responsible for the coding , processing or payment of facsimile { fax } machine invoices . in order to return any old fax machine equipment , you must contact the leasing company that supplied the equipment and send them a certified letter that terminates the agreement . if you terminate a contract within the original agreement period , you may be liable for penalty charges as a lot of fax machines are on a non - cancellable lease agreement . the vendor who supplied the fax equipment will be able to let you know of any outstanding $ amounts for your existing equipment . if you are asked to pay outstanding $ amounts , be aware that some vendors include the cost of outright purchase of the old fax equipment  from the contracts i have reviewed so far , you are under no obligation to purchase the old equipment . ikon contact name for returns : beth frank : phone  new # - - > 409 - 441 - 1262 { previously 281 - 355 - 6274 } beth frank fax #  new # - - > 409 - 441 - 1266 { previously 281 - 355 - 5496 } beth frank e - mail address ~ eafrank @ aol . com marimon business systems contact name for returns : don scott : phone  713 - 686 - 6601 don scott fax #  713 - 686 - 6676 { no e - mail address available } * * * please call me or e - mail me if it is a different vendor name on the machine and i will respond with a contact name * * * charges for fax machines are dependant upon manufacturer & model , with the person responsible for the fax machine , paying the invoice . you must notify the vendor of any changes relating to fax machine assignment { even if it is within the same group }  who the machine has been reassigned to { contact name } , the new contact phone # and the location of the machine . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * fax machine supplies replacement toner cartridges : most of these are available to enron through corporate express @ savings over the fax vendor invoice price . these savings can be significant , so please e - mail me if you would like more details . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * please call me if you have any questions . thanks , iain russell @ 713 - 853 - 6861 contracts supervisor administration enron property & services corp . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * kevin g moore 05 / 19 / 2000 12 : 42 pm to : iain russell / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fax machine iain , please , i am in need of a fax machine . it was brought to my attention that you may have one available . please inform me concerning this matter , we need one a . s . a . p . . thanks kevin moore x 34710 
2	Subject: fw : invitacion a la 5 a conferencia de enron de mexico - sept 19 y 20 , 2001 . guys , fyi . . . we have sent out the invitation for the conference to our customer list . the details are below . if you want to send it to someone else , just mention it to babby so she can have the badges ready . just remember this is strictly for customers , which means press , consultants and other associations are not welcome . the material for the presentations needs to be in gabriela cantu ' s desk , before the 12 th , because we need to do a lot of printing . thanks and best regards . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williams , jaime sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 7 : 20 pm cc : martinez , barbara ; cantu , gabriela ; reyes , alejandra subject : invitacion a la 5 a conferencia de enron de mexico - sept 19 y 20 , 2001 . estimado cliente , es un placer extenderle esta invitaci ? n a nuestra 5 a . conferencia sobre las perspectivas del mercado de gas natural , as ? como estructuras financieras para aprovechar la reciente ca ? da de los precios del gas . adem ? s , aprovecharemos para platicar sobre algunas alternativas creativas que enron est ? ofreciendo para suministrar electricidad en m ? xico . se llevar ? n a cabo 2 conferencias , con el mismo tema . una en monterrey el mi ? rcoles 19 de septiembre ; y la segunda el jueves 20 , en la cd . de m ? xico , para las cuales esperamos contar con su presencia . adjunto encontrar ? los detalles de la invitaci ? n y de la agenda , as ? como la forma de registro . jaime williams co - presidente enron de m ? xico . 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: thoughts on technology it is a little bit funny and a little bit sad watching the technology group try to get buyoff from louise and the business units on 2002 budgets . it is unbelievable that we can ' t get a project - based capital and expense budget for next year where someone like me can say i signed up for these 5 projects and willing to do them at such and such a cost . if the project costs more then i ' m not interested . while there is definitely room for improvement on the technology side , the commercial side has room for improvement as well . we had a very useful ees risk / wholesale risk technology meeting on friday . it was clear from that meeting that commercial , technology , and operations are not on the same page . east wholesale and west wholesale commercial aren ' t on the same page . ees commercial and ena commercial aren ' t on the same page . ees marketing and ees risk may not be on the same page . anthony and beth aren ' t on the same page . sally beck ' s organization is organized wholesale vs retail while ( at least on the power side ) the commercial and technology groups are heading towards organized along commodity lines . for fear of sounding too dramatic . . . the success of ees as well as wholesale services deals is a function of our technology and back office . without it we fail . the cost numbers are huge . it is a critical point of competitive advantage . it was amazing , we had a room full of talented people at this meeting on friday ; i believe what was standing between us and a successful technology development effort was organization . we are completely disorganized right now . there are very few specs that are currently written to support next year ' s projects . we have a completely inefficient , decentralized process for working through this stuff . i have some thoughts that i ' d like to share . it cuts across wholesale and retail . i think that we need a lead from commercial , technology , and operations for power ( and probably gas ) . i think the commercial person needs to drive the process and ultimately sign off on spending money for projects . i think that we need one technologist in charge of all power systems . i think that we need to look at everyone we have and choose the right person - - not necessarily the people who are currently leading this effort , although anthony and beth could be leading contenders . we need sally beck to look at her organization and make sure that it is aligned for maximum likelihood of success . the goal of this is not to micromanage each business unit ' s technology needs . it is to coordinate and optimize across groups . we have to make sure that we don ' t spend money in wholesale and retail and then develop incompatible systems . how do you guys want to talk through this ? 
2	Subject: it savedd my life dear sir / madam . we are pleased to in quicken troduce ourselves as one of the leading online pharmaceutical shop ballistic s . save over 75 percent on m augmentative eds today with medzmai worship l shop v dynamiter la defervescence ra l pabulum al heatengine lu curtilage g disperse c i refinement s pandean val oriental m sandmanyother . with each jacobin purchase you get : top hedonism quaiity best pr wellpaid ices total confident departmentalism iaiity home deiiver kingdom y have a nice day . 
2	Subject: option pricing discrepancy for j . c . penny transaction amitava and seksan have identified the source of the discrepancy between the option prices calculated by the credit - reserve model and the stand - alone spreadsheet model used in deal pricing . the discrepancy can be traced to differences in input variables of the two models and not to any algorithmic differences . the options being priced are a strip of options on monthly instruments . the credit reserve simulation program calculates the time to expiration by assuming that the option expires on first day of the contract month of the underlying contract , which is a very reasonable assumption . the stand - alone option pricing spreadsheet allows specification of the option expiration date independent of the contract month of the underlying . in the jc penney transaction , the monthly options were assumed to expire in the middle of the contract month , when in reality the underlying monthly contracts expire before the start of their respective contract months . the stand - alone spreadsheet model allows such specifications and it is up to the user to ascertain that the expiration dates entered are legal . at present , seksan is ascertaining that the option contracts involved are in deed monthly options and not a strip of daily options , in which case we would require estimates of intramonth volatilities for both the spreadsheet model and the credit reserve model . regards , rabi de 
2	Subject: hea ' s 5 th annual chili cookoff michelle lokay , it ' s that time again ! hea ' s last event of the millennium will be held november 14 , 2000 ( tuesday ) at garden in the heights , 3926 feagan from 5 : 00 p . m . - 8 : 00 p . m . $ 10 for hea / nesa members ; $ 15 for non - member guests . admission guarantees you some of the industry ' s best chili and all the beer you need to wash it down ! or , if you can stand the competition , put your own team together and try for best chili and best presentation awards . $ 75 per team , includes fees for 5 members per team . there is room for 20 teams only , so don ' t delay ! rules are attached . to register , return this email or print it off and fax to 713 / 659 - 6424 as soon as possible . this is a fun event . . . don ' t miss it ! member name _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ company _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ guest name & company _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ credit card # & expiration date _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ team name _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ team members _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ if you can ' t open the attachment , try the link below . thanks ! this message was sent by : teresa knight , executive director houston energy association ( hea ) phone : ( 713 ) 651 - 0551 fax for hea : ( 713 ) 659 - 6424 tknight @ houstonenergy . org if you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list , please click the link below to the hea home page , where you will find a mini - form to remove your name automatically . http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / if you did not receive the attached file or it was corrupted , you can find it at : http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / public / chili cookoff rules . doc ? o  1 . - ?  : ? 
2	Subject: confidence is back hello , my boyfriend began having problems with erections ( he ' s older ) and i suggested he look into vlagrra softtabs . boy , am i glad he did ! the first time he tried it , one 50 mg piil did nothing so he took another and that was a mistake . three hours later he was still rock hard and had come multiple times ( so had i ) ! ! since then a single 50 mg dose does ithe first of these was that he should have been brought to trial att very well - - he ' s now good for almost 2 hours of good hard sex that leaves both of us worn out . - bobbie , 21 female usa try it with pharmacybymail shop . http : / / dusked . biz / cs / ? aa rockky 
2	Subject: re : lindholm oil , inc . the new sitara no . is 168509 
2	Subject: paper hey vince , i understand that alex butler has sent you a copy of the schwartz paper . i have a copy of my paper attached to this e - mail . it was good to see you again and i hope you enjoyed your visit to lsu . sincerely , tom arnold - gopop . pdf 
2	Subject: largest collection of porn mo \ / ies ever - x 64 come explore the world ' s largest adult studio ! see all the biggest names in porn in exclusive hardcore xxx movies . vivid got the hottest pornstars ! http : / / bunt . info . babylom . info / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - canister campsite conway conspire byzantine alicia abyssinia barrett cowhide camilla adolescent composure 
2	Subject: re : for your approval erica , yes , no problem . vince information risk management 12 / 01 / 2000 09 : 50 am to : gary taylor / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : for your approval please let me know if he is approved . thanks , erica garcia - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by information risk management / hou / ect on 12 / 01 / 2000 09 : 39 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - security resource request system directory line item pending access processing directory name : o : \ weather derivatives \ , o : \ research \ common service type : grant expiration date : comments : security processing processing status : e - mail message : comments / justification : general information request : jhrc - 4 rkjjz requested by : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect phone : 33914 requested for : joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect employee type : company : 0011 rc # : 100038 priority : high comments / justification : i have a test windows 2000 machine running ( with userid t _ weatherol , for which i need access to o : \ research \ common and o : \ weather derivatives \ editing history ( only the last five ( 5 ) are shown ) edit # past authors edit dates 1 information risk management 11 / 30 / 2000 12 : 30 : 19 pm 
2	Subject: vp & director count for the research group hello deborah : i would like to introduce myself and anita dupont to you as we will probably be working together quite a bit between now and our move . please feel free to contact either one of us regarding any questions or needs you may have . headcount the executive , vp and director headcount for the research group is : managing director 1 vice presidents 6 directors 5 also , anita and i would like to invite you to meet with us and go over our library space requirements . please let me know when you have some free time and we will be available . my number is : 3 - 5290 - ebl 961 anita ' s # is : 3 - 0329 - ebl 969 i look forward to meeting you , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ali iisted software is available for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few exampies : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 including ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquage ! best regards , linwood  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? vlagrr  eo _ val  edum _ cl  colis ?  hello , welcome to megapharm online shhop . prescripti ugsor linecan ey ! ondr deredon saveyoumon in some cases you cansa % on thec criptionm ve up to 80 ost of yourpres edication . thousands of our customers already enjoy these savings . we deiiver direct to your door through fast , low - cost , reliable and secure service on the internet . ciick heree for prlces . have a nice day . 
2	Subject: ibm thinkpad r 40 e celeron 2 . 2 ghz @ $ 747 . 00 $ 747 . 00 thinkpad r 40 e intel celeron 2 . 2 gl 28 mb / 20 gbcd - rom / 14 . 1 " tft 56 k modem / 10 / 100 microsoft windows xp home visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: appointment change for neva . my girl and i both swear by this new product . because she loves it when it ' s deep inside her . this helps me to become the real man for her . i use it everyday and i ' m damn proud of it ! stoop thiiiiiiis . nibble pyrimidine litmus doubleton sibling beige brisk ordnance eyeglass nonogenarian simplicial clot appellate anecdotal bernardino chemisorb chose jaguar psychiatrist muir revision tanh bronchitis dispelled belgium traipse auction . famine officemate calculate catalytic institution wrestle technion geodetic protrusive forswear circuitous roy sideman counterbalance feldman capacity technocratic campion sheep duffy conduit fisherman demurring lady urbane baseband impudent robbin devonshire ride argive agglutinate abo jeopard anecdotal coffin welles furnace headway .  
2	Subject: a chance to get new logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstandinq logo , presentable stationery items and professionai website . these marketinq tools wiil significantiy contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work sampies , hot deai packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: california capacity report for week of 10 / 1 - 10 / 5 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 1071 mmbtu / d ( 98 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 867 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 339 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 2178 mmbtu / d ( 76 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 726 mmbtu / d ( 64 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1216 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 1039 mmbtu / d ( 85 % ) - socaltop , capacity 528 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 413 mmbtu / d ( 78 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 2 . 125 ( + . 33 ) pg & e , large pkgs 2 . 03 ( + . 335 ) tw san juan n / a tw permian 1 . 97 ( + . 335 ) enron online bases : nov - mar apr - oct perm - ca . 16 ( - . 025 ) . 20 ( - . 04 ) sj - ca . 24 ( - . 03 ) . 43 ( - . 055 ) sj - waha . 11 ( - . 01 ) . 27 ( - . 01 ) perm - waha . 03 ( - . 005 ) . 04 ( - . 005 ) 
2	Subject: meters daren , is there any industrial meters in particular i need to watch the imbalances since we are close to the end of the month ? thanks - julie 
2	Subject: fw : master netting agreement f . y . i . mark - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kevin _ t _ howell @ dom . com [ mailto : kevin _ t _ howell @ dom . com ] sent : 29 november 2001 08 : 43 to : frevert , mark subject : master netting agreement kevin t howell dominion energy clearinghouse ph : ( 804 ) 273 - 4848 fax : ( 804 ) 273 - 4445 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ mark my phone message this morning relates to the master netting agreement that we have been negotiating with your team for the past several days . it is my understanding that the language on both the isda and the master netting agreement have been agreed to but enron is unwilling to sign either under the current circumstances . while we would like to get the isda signed and have offered a margin holiday as an incentive , i also see your side of the issue . i would however ask you and your team to separate the two issues and at least sign the master netting agreement . based on enron ' s stated goal to protect its core energy trading business , dominion is still transacting with enron . the master netting agreement should be in both of our interest by providing needed liquidity for additional transactions . i believe that everyone in this industry would like to see enron ' s energy trading emerge intact and dominion would like to provide whatever reasonable support we can towards that goal . the master netting agreement is a critical issue for us and represents the centerpiece of out ongoing relationship with enron . mark , i realize that your plate is extremely full right now and this issue is not at the top of your list . i would simply ask that you ask the enron team that has worked on this the past days to remain engaged with our team and bring this to finality . kevin t howell dominion energy clearinghouse ph : ( 804 ) 273 - 4848 fax : ( 804 ) 273 - 4445 
2	Subject: fw : duke meeting - pluto line our efforts to sell pluto / megs to duke - - - - - original message - - - - - from : miller , kevin sent : friday , october 12 , 2001 9 : 56 am to : mrha , jean ; melendrez , jesus ; druzbik , lisa ; house , john subject : duke meeting - pluto line importance : high i met with stephen noe over lunch yesterday to discuss the sale of the pluto gathering line . as per our internal meeting on wednesday , i questioned stephen about duke ' s evaluation based upon the data provided thus far . enron has provided duke with the gathering agreement which contains the guaranteed revenue stream . i informed stephen that enron would like to know a notional type value for the pluto gathering line . we both recognized that the value would be highly dependent upon the discount factor being applied to the revenue stream . stephen informed me that duke ' s evaluation to date showed a value in the $ 14 to 15 mm range . stephen stated that management had not reviewed that evaluation . however , based upon the notional value duke has derived , it appears that duke is using a discount factor very similar to the factor enron is using . i stated that there should be some reserve upside and future option value . based upon this discussion with duke , i would recommend that we proceed with setting up a mariner meeting to review geophysical data and begin trying to get marathon approval for release of the production handing agreement ( pha ) . i will contact richard clark regarding the pha . if you have any questions please give me a call at ext . 33541 . thanks . . . kevin 
2	Subject: winning notification euro millions lottery international . from : international promotion / prize award dept . ref : eml / es / ipp / 1555002244 / 05 batch : es 34 / 044 / ilp / sl re : winning notification / final notice date : 19 th - july - 2005 we are pleased to inform you of the result of the euro millions lottery winners international e - mail programs held on the lst of july , 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 22221415366 - 609 with lucky main number 04 05 23 25 28 drew lucky star numbers 03 04 , which consequently won in the 3 rd category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 euro . ( one million euro ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names / programme abuse , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 100 , 000 company and 50 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by bill gates , president of microsoft , the world ' s largest software company order to enhance and promote the use of internet explorer users and microsoft - wares around the globe . this promotional program takes place every year . we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our end of year 50 million euro international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fudicial / claim agent : dr . alexander antonio ( morgan securities & consultant ) tel : + 34 - 628 - 636 - 002 . email : morgansecurities @ mail 2 europe . com remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 28 th of july 2005 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , mr . agustin lorenzo lopez lottery coordinator . send required information below to your claim agent email : morgansecurities @ mail 2 europe . com verification form 1 . full names : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 2 . address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 3 . sex : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 4 . age : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 5 . marital status : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 6 . occupation : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 7 . e - mail address : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 8 . telephone number : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 9 . lucky main number : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ lucky star number : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 10 . ticket number : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 11 . ref / batch number : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 12 . amount won : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 13 . identification number either international passport or driving licence / national id card . 
2	Subject: california update 4 / 27 / 01 the following report contains confidential and sensitive information . please treat with discretion . executive summary : ? ferc price cap decision reflects bush political and economic objectives . politically , bush is determined to let the crisis blame fall on davis ; from an economic perspective , he is unwilling to create disincentives for new power generation ? davis finds four major flaws with ferc plan , most notably its exclusion of out - of - state generators ? june lst " kill clause " for ferc order could coincide with new bush regional plan ? california facing growing fiscal risk following bond downgrade , expected $ 20 billion power bill this summer - - economic crisis would force deeper administration involvement ? qf bid for advance payments from pg & e likely to fail in bankruptcy court ? new generation delays probable because of state / qf squabbling ? consumer groups are preparing a constitutional challenge to socal bailout deal 1 . ferc fallout the ferc decision is a holding move by the bush administration that looks like action , but is not . rather , it allows the situation in california to continue to develop virtually unabated . the political strategy appears to allow the situation to deteriorate to the point where davis cannot escape shouldering the blame . once they are politically inoculated , the administration can begin to look at regional solutions . moreover , the administration has already made explicit ( and will certainly restate in the forthcoming cheney commission report ) its opposition to stronger price caps on the grounds that they are unwilling to create disincentives to the construction of new generation . it is interesting and ironic to note that electricity generators were generally happy with the ferc order and that the only ferc commissioner who favors price caps actually voted against this plan . 2 . something less than effective price caps from davis ' s point of view , the ferc plan has four major flaws : ? the order applies only to california , not to the rest of the west . non - california generators are not required to sell at capped rates to california . ? as the order is written , it is more of a price floor for emergency power than a ceiling . ? state officials also believe that energy suppliers will continue to game the system , because the price mitigation scheme only kicks in after a stage 2 emergency and does not require any collusion . ? even when the price caps kick in , they are based on the cost - plus for the highest cost producer supplying power to california and do not require wholesalers to abide by the cap . the generators can also charge above the cap , provided they can subsequently justify the excess charge to ferc . 3 . proposal " kill clause " adds to the political dilemma for davis the ferc proposal includes a " kill clause " that says the caps will be withdrawn unless california ' s iso agrees by june lst to become part of the regional grid now under ferc control . if davis doesn ' t sign on to the regional grid by june lst , then he will have to live with june 2 nd headlines blaming him for letting the " bush price caps plan " collapse . 4 . growing fiscal risk in california sources speculate that california could therefore pay as much as $ 20 billion on power this summer - this is more than the combined enterprise value of pg & e and sce . these sources believe that , because of the severity of the situation , the ferc and / or the federal government will be forced to take further action to control prices for power . the consensus is that the state of california will run out of money in about 90 days . one of the first projects to be cancelled will be state plans to finance new power plant construction in exchange for long - term power deals . the bleak fiscal picture is also causing bank creditors to revisit the bridge loans they are providing to california . the bush administration and the fed are only now waking up to the seriousness of the fiscal picture . the country ' s largest and most prosperous state will have gone from large surpluses to serious debt downgrades and devastating deficits in a matter of months . 5 . qfs to seek advance payment from pg & e meanwhile , on the bankruptcy front , the qfs reportedly will ask the bankruptcy judge today to give them advance payment from pge ' s accounts , since their natural gas vendors have likewise demanded advance payment for gas . it appears very unlikely that the qfs ' request will be granted . if the qfs do not receive advance payment , it is likely that most of the 4 , 000 mw of gas - fired qf capacity will remain offline . 6 delays likely in new qf generation the qf deals made with the state for long - term contracts are being continually renegotiated , which is likely to mean that the new plants those contracts are supposed to finance will not be online as early as anticipated . 7 . consumer groups ready to challenge constitutionality of sce bailout plan harvey rosenfield and his colleagues reportedly have been reviewing an analysis of the mou for the sce bailout plan . the analysis was done by a utilities analyst , rather than a lawyer , though it appears to raise a number of good legal points . for example , one of the elements of the mou is a " non - bypassable " charge on ratepayers that would require them to pay even if they disconnect from the grid . this is effectively a tax , since there is no exchange of value for money , which under the ca constitution cannot be used to directly benefit a private entity . this makes the bonds that would be issued are general obligation bonds , rather than revenue bonds . according to the constitution , the state cannot be put into debt to benefit a private company . for this and other reasons , even if the republicans would vote for the sce bailout , which remains unlikely , the bailout probably would not stand a likely constitutional challenge . 8 . governor hurt by continued failure to disclose long - term power contracts the issue of the governor ' s failure to disclose the details of the long - term power contracts continues to distress the other players in the crisis . even if he were to disclose everything he and his staff have been negotiating , it is likely that their actions and negotiations will challenged , creating an even further delay . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 26 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; start date : 1 / 26 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012623 . txt 
2	Subject: 98 - 6892 98 - 6892 has a spill - over of 15 decatherms for 5 / 24 / 2000 . can you please extend deal ticket 274443 for cover this ? thank - jackie - 3 - 9497 
2	Subject: cheap vicodin online - us fda pharmacy hydrocodone at a discount vicodin es 90 tab special . buy now ! free doctors consultation no more pain - get more info now no mre  
2	Subject: you qualify for a 42 inch plasma tv bait - excelled @ em . ca having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here . to unsubscribe from receiving future advertisements , click here . marketlabs . net , inc . | 40 east main st # 333 | newark , de 19711 - 4639 plasmatv 4 free . com is an independent rewards program for consumers andis not affiliated with , connected to , or sponsired by any of the listed retailers . this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: to bonilla ' s shop customers ! dear customer ! we updated our software catalogue and added new popular products ! now you can get any software item at 90 % discount rate ! for more information visit us here : http : / / www . jokeroem . info / ? scruple with best regards , product manager may arellano 
2	Subject: epson inkjet cartridges from 5 . 99 save up to 75 % on inkjet , laser & copier supplies quality products , with 100 % satisfaction guarantee easy , fast , affordable shipping worldwide plenty of payment options to meet your needs ! > > special : free shipping to us & canada on orders over $ 50 > get your own ink store website and earn $ $ $ < < for details go to http : / / www . printerink 4 lesscentral . com / incomeop / if you wish to contact us please visit our web site . for instruction on how to be permanently remove from this distribution system go to http : / / www . printerink 4 lesscentral . com / remove / 
2	Subject: fwd : any pills u need . vl @ gra charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > we supply high quality medications by mail order at very competitive prices and provide a professional , convenient and affordable means of purchasing your prescription medicines online highest quality drugs we offer : \ xanaix | ( | soma | ` pnt . e . rmin ( v | @ gra > vali . u . m # at | . v @ n plus : x 3 n ' ica | , ambi ' 3 n , sonat ` a , f ` l 3 xeril , ce | 3 : brex , fioric : 3 t , tram @ ` do | , uit : r @ m , l 3 vit ' ra , pro ' p 3 cia , acyc | 0 vi ` r , pr ` 0 z @ c , p @ x ` il , busp @ : r , ad | : pex , iona ` min , m 3 ri . dia we offer you a choice of original and generic medications . enjoy deep discount meds here .  
2	Subject: new hpl meter - vidor city gate - check ( meter 098 - 8746 ) fyi the below houston pipe line meter has been set up in global facilities . meter : 098 - 8746 facility number : 513445 name : vidor city gate check type : check system : 765 - texoma pipeline rate zone : 40 ( vidor ) trade zone : 8 ( east texas ) flow direction : delivery lateral : work order # : note : meter 0988746 is the check meter to 098 - 0413 . please call me at ext . 3 - 3446 if you have any questions . donna 
2	Subject: encounter article - shalesh ganjoo we have conducted an interview and written the attached article for the upcoming edition of the encounter , the associate & analyst programs ' newsletter . the interview was conducted with shalesh ganjoo in regards to his participation with the implementation of storage capacity as a commodity . to ensure our publication is printing the most accurate information , i have attached the article for your review . please confirm that the information provided from shalesh ganjoo is accurate . thank you in advance for your assistance , tracy arthur communication specialist associate & analyst department 713 - 345 - 7853 
2	Subject: hpl nom for april 21 - 23 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 421 . xls ) - hplno 421 . xls 
2	Subject: re [ 2 ] : question about our progs mult gua msof re ! ilan geoe twa nonee it 2 - ksforc very ! dtowa 3 wee ddeli avai dia nloa bleforimme tedow d cli etoge sho . e lea ckher tfre . mrel ses fro ldkno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado eland ofothe mwor wnbra ros ant be , cor lot rs ! ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge sh o . e lea ck her t fre . m rel ses fro ld kno nds : mic oft , sym ec , ado el and of othe m wor wn bra ros ant cor lot rs ! mult gua m sof re ! ilan ge oe twa no nee it 2 - ks for c very ! d to wa 3 wee d deli avai dia nloa ble for imme te dow d cli e to ge  
2	Subject: valid marketing for bait - reserves @ em . ca stable offshore resources topromote your services / products : - email addresses according to your order - send mailing according to your order - direct mailing server ( cheap ! ) - offshore web hosting more information waiting for your prompt confirmation . please kindly reply to info @ gozk . com or info @ gozv . com eloy stout sales dept info @ gozk . com info @ gozv . com please click here to off : of @ hotmail . com ? subject  bait - reserves @ em . ca  
2	Subject: wir erhoehen ihre linkpopularitaet wir platzieren ihre webseite auf den top positionen bei google , yahoo und msn suche ! mit uns landet ihre webseite auf den vordersten plaetzen ! jetzt fir nur 199 eur . ( kosten fallen einmalig an - keine weiteren kosten ! ) wir tragen ihre webseite in | ber 950 suchmaschinen , webverzeichnissen und webkatalogen ein . ihre webseite wird dadurch automatisch innerhalb von 6 - 8 wochen bei google , yahoo und msn suche im ranking nach oben steigen . sie erhvhen dadurch ihre linkpopularitdt ( pagerank ) , da sie automatisch mehr seiten ( suchmaschinen ) haben , die auf ihre webseite verlinken . es liegt an ihnen , ob die suchenden sie und ihr angebot finden . seit 5 jahren sind wir darauf spezialisiert webseiten so zu platzieren , das sie in google gefunden werden . nutzen sie unseren kostenginstigen service : wir tragen ihre homepage in | ber 900 suchmaschinen , verzeichnissen und webkatalogen ein ! das sagen unsere kunden : - innerhalb von 6 wochen war unsere homepage auf platz 1 in google , einfach genial ! - wir haben durch den suchmaschinen eintragungsdienst jetzt 12 . 000 besucher pro monat auf unserer webseite , und das nach 8 wochen ! jetzt nur 199 bestellen sie einfach per e - mail an : info @ 2000 . com ( geben sie uns bitte die webseite , firma , name , anschrift , telefon und fir geschdftskunden aus der eu die umsatzsteuernummer an ) einfach ausfuellen und diese e - mail weiterleiten an info @ 2000 . com webseite : firma : name : strasse : postleitzahl : ort : land : telefon : umsatzsteuernummer ( nur fir geschdftskunden aus der eu ) : mit freundlichen gruessen , vertriebsteam www . 2000 . com mail : info @ 2000 . com \ ber fragen , anregungen oder auch kritik zu unserem newsletter per e - mail an info @ 2000 . com freuen wir uns sehr . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - wenn sie keine e - mail von uns moechten , schreiben sie bitte einfach an : abmelden @ 2000 . com dieser newsletter wurde auf eigenen wunsch an die e - mail - adresse paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr versandt . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - # utxeiandmncafns - - 624 cmvxvo - - 574 qxokql - - 463 dbymbh - - 160 qwhphl - - 114 wvbbfr - - 8 53  
2	Subject: avg . monthly electricity prices for the past 13 months margaret , please find attached file with average monthly prices for regions your requested . this file gives more information than the previous ( yesterday ) one . as the one before , source for this file is megawatt daily , it includes on - peak and off - peak prices and you can also see daily data that was converted to monthly average data . there are two types of averages prices : average and weighted average . weighted average takes into account number of transactions of certain price . for example : pjm had average price of $ 53 . 61 and weighted average price of $ 53 . 15 in august , it means that there were more transactions of lower price than higher . also , megawatt daily has its own methodology and i am attaching it with this message . if you have any questions regarding prices or methodology , please contact sevil yaman ( 5 - 8083 ) or me ( 3 - 4305 ) . sincerely , elena enron research group 3 - 4305 
2	Subject: your presc ( rip ' tion delivered to your house ! mediccationns at lowesst pricess everyy ! over 80 . % offf , pricess wontt get lowerr we selll vic ' od ( in v , ia . gra x , ana . x http : / / www . s 3 curesripts . com / ? refid  87  
2	Subject: we owe you alot of money dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for $ 400 , 000 with a low fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . take advantage of this limited time opportunity . just answer only a few questions at our site and we can give you an approval in under 30 seconds . . it ’ s that simple ! regards , davis mims prime lending , llc . database deletion - http : / / www . refin - xnd . com / r . php 
2	Subject: todd kimberlain vince / vasant : do you know who todd kimberlain is ? is he supposed to be in the research group and charged to our cost center ? he is . i have never heard of him , but when you pull his name up , it shows that he is reporting to mark tawny , but is in the research group and being charged to our cost center . he is also on our time site , but i have not been doing his time . i hope somebody has ! let me know , thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: re : comments fyi . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rakesh bharati / na / enron on 03 / 27 / 2001 07 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sheridan titman on 03 / 27 / 2001 06 : 46 : 31 pm to : rakesh . bharati @ enron . com cc : subject : re : comments rakesh : thanks for your input . they are quite useful for helping me clarify my own thinking . the following are my responses to your comments and clarifications . the * * ed paragraphs are from me and the others are from you . 1 . the money is being set aside to avoid negative values . it is not clear if you mean the values of the cash flow or the pv at the node . anyhow , we shall be setting aside money not just for that specific node but all nodes at that cross - section of time as the risk - free asset pays in all states of nature . this will have to be done every time there is a negative realization . thus , for the typical project we have , the value of risk capital may be extremely high , as we are not following a tail - based norm anymore . * * i agree that this is confusing and needs further refinement . i do this because i have some concerns about discounting negative cash flows , ( this is discussed in my first memo ) . this clearly provides a conservative estimate of firm value , and a measure of risk capital that is too high . from the perspective of evaluating the appropriate level of risk capital , it is sufficient that enough capital be employed so that the pv at each node is positive . also , one might want to set the level so that the pv is positive in say 98 % of all nodes . 2 . your memo appears to suggest that debt capacity is contingent on all values being positive . if so , we are only issuing risk - free debt . also , a project with a single negative value at each cross - section of time will not have a positive debt capacity . * * again , this is a very conservative initial estimate . when the model is refined , you probably want to define debt capacity so that the project defaults a certain percent of the time . 3 . it seems that our optimization argument is the discount rate , which is obtained in each step from the comparison investment ( by equating the variances ) . it is not clear if changing the discount rate will have such an effect on the project variance so as to lead to a global convergence . * * i am not assuming that the change in the discount rate has a major effect on volatility . in fact , i think the process requires only one iteration when the volatility is independent of the discount rate . again , the idea is that we calculate the volatility of the project ' s value calculated with an initial discount rate . using the calculated volatility and the stock of a comparison firm , calculate a more appropriate discount rate . if the volatility of the project ' s value is not affected by the change in discount rates then we are done . if , however , the change in discount rates changes volatility , then we may have to iterate . let me know if this makes sense . * * also , our project has a finite life and the market - based assets will have infinite lives . in the light of this fact , how will we define the relevant variance ? is it the spot variance of the returns of the comparison investment ? * * this is a good point . i was thinking in terms of the average variance , but this may not be correct . actually , we know that this is just an approximation and we need to think about whether or not it is a good approximation . typically , firms tend to ignore issues relating to the duration of their project cash flows when they determine discount rate , which clearly does not make sense . this requires some additional thought . * * 4 . finally , our criterion is to subtract from the average pv the investment and also the risk capital . setting risk capital to zero , this model closely resembles the intuitive present value criterion and endogenously determines the discount rate . * * this is correct . my goal was to come up with something that was closely related to what you are already doing but which gives you some insight into how to define risk capital and the appropriate discount rate . there are a number of ways that we can refine and improve this procedure . what we need to first consider is whether or not the basic approach makes sense for the kind of projects that you are evaluating . * * gas field case to facilitate your thinking , we are providing a gas field example below . we invest x million dollars to buy and develop a gas field . a profile of expected production and variance of the production per year is available from the engineers at the beginning . production will be autocorrelated , as the profile will shift up or down based on the actual gas reserves being more or less than the estimated reserves . we assume the life of the field to be 10 years with no salvage value . there are fixed and variable operating costs . it might be useful for you to think about applying the framework to this problem . * * this problem is probably pretty straightforward because it is unlikely that the cash flows will be negative once the gas field is producing . hence , there is no need to be concerned about risk capital ( other than the x million dollars to buy and develop the property ) . to value the property assuming all - equity financing we calculate the value process of the developed project and compare its volatility to a comparison investment whose value process is observable ( e . g . , a traded mlp ) . the risk - adjusted return of the comparison investment would then be used to discount the cash flows of the gas field . please note that this procedure requires relatively strong assumptions and calculating the risk - adjusted return on the comparison investment is not necessarily straightforward . * * let me know when you would like to discuss this . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * on another topic , is it possible for you to give me information about one case where enron bought or sold a base load power plant , where the purchaser financed the transaction with non - recourse debt . we would like the following information : 1 . the value of the power plant ( or purchase price ) 2 . the amount of debt financing and the terms of the debt contract . 3 . some information about the pricing of gas - power swaps and options . about a year ago i gave vince a paper which develops a pricing model for project debt . i don ' t think he thought that it could be implemented on the type of projects that enron finances . however , my coauthors would like to try applying the model for one case study . let me know when you want to discuss these issues . thanks , sheridan sheridan titman department of finance college of business administration university of texas austin , texas 78712 - 1179 512 - 232 - 2787 ( phone ) 512 - 471 - 5073 ( fax ) titman @ mail . utexas . edu 
2	Subject: fw : new account application - - - - - original message - - - - - from : avon , michele sent : friday , july 13 , 2001 10 : 47 am to : ' mambers @ enbc . com ' subject : new account application this will provide the information required to open a corporate account with tiffany & co . please complete the attached form and fax it directly to our corporate credit services department at ( 973 ) 254 - 7547 for processing . we suggest that you contact your bank to advise them of your application , as this will expedite their response to our request for references . thank you for your interest in tiffany & co . corporate sales . we look forward to working with you on your business gift and award needs . should you have any questions , i can be reached at ( 800 ) 770 - 0080 , select option 1 . > michele g . avon business development representative tiffany & co . phone : ( 800 ) 770 - 0080 xl fax : ( 212 ) 230 - 6245 to place an order call ( 800 ) 770 - 0080 
2	Subject: natural gas nomination for 11 / 00 enron methanol nominates the following natural gas requirements for the methanol plant for november 2000 : 38 , 000 mmbtu per day egpfc nominates the following natural gas requirements for the mtbe plant at morgan ' s point for november 2000 : 10 , 000 mmbtu per day 
2	Subject: re : b . brandfass barbara , my apologies . i was traveling and then we had the usual end of the quarter pandemonium . i am sending you my presentations and would like to get back to you with some questions regarding your products . vince " barbara e . brandfass " on 07 / 10 / 2000 04 : 15 : 33 pm to : cc : " amir sadr " subject : b . brandfass hello vince , ? sorry to be a bother but do you have those materials from your talk in may ? ? i look forward to hearing from you . ? thank you , ? barbara e . brandfass , chief of business development panalytix , inc . , www . panalytix . com 212 974 1022 , b @ panalytix . com 
2	Subject: ebs research office space on 45 th or 43 rd floor hi stinson , as per my discussion , here is e - mail to let vince know about the subject . we have requested the following office spaces for network planning ( jim irvine ) - - optimization work , etc . and other ebs support personnel . for network planning and traffic engineering : - 1 director level space ( to be used by jim and other ebs research people as needed when jim is not there ) and four other cube space ( chonowee , martin lin , and two students . for other ebs activities : - 3 or 4 summer interns and analysts level space for other ebs people ( roman and other students ) . this is what kristy is going to request and get it into the office space request loop . we should be able to get into most of the space that i have requested . ravi . 
2	Subject: newsletter 002 english newsletter 002 | 18 - 07 - 2005 x - press 2 , cut killer , peter g , nomes confirmados no atlantic beats os ingleses x - press 2 e o portugus peter g so dois nomes confirmados para rea de house na 1 edio do atlantic beats que se vai realizar nas piscinas de s . pedro de moel . ler mais so aos milhares os emails a pedir a prxima edio da elektro parade 2 anos aps a 3 edio da elektro parade , foram muitos milhares os emails que recebemos a incentivarem a realizao da fantstica elektro , considerada o evento portugus do ano em 2001 e 2002 . ler mais dimitri from paris regressa a portugal em agosto o francs dimitri from paris , que gravou o famoso album playboy manson , vai actuar no hit club na povoa de varzim no prximo dia 4 de agosto . ler mais atlantic beats 17 - 08 - 2005 @ piscinas de so pedro de moel agosto vai sentir as ondas sonoras mais quentes deste lado do atlntico com a presena de um alinhamento de djs de luxo . ler mais dance in douro 27 - 08 - 2005 @ piscinas da rgua mais uma vez , as piscinas da rgua sero o local de eleio para este j mtico evento anual . quem assistir ao evento a 27 de agosto ter uma surpresa . . . ler mais 20 - 07 - 2005 frankie knuckles [ house ] @ vinyl plaza , figueira da foz 22 - 07 - 2005 david morales [ house ] @ hit club , pvoa de varzim 27 - 07 - 2005 queen nakadia [ house ] @ hit club , pvoa de varzim carl craig [ house ] @ vinyl plaza , figueira da foz 28 - 07 - 2005 silicone soul [ house ] @ hit club , pvoa de varzim 30 - 07 - 2005 dj diva [ house ] @ elitis , paos de ferreira recebeu este email porque o seu endereo de email est inserido na mailing list heart soul . se deseja ser removido da nossa lista , por favor envie um email em branco para remove @ heartandsoul . pt se no consegue visualizar este email correctamente , visite :  
2	Subject: re : default rates mark , this is a good point . in moody ' s june 1999 study , debt recoveries for corporate bankruptcies , there is a graph of firm - level recovery rates by year of bankruptcy resolution ( as opposed to default year ) . reading from the graph finds : as the data above is based on resolution year , the same study finds the average length of time spent in bankruptcy is 1 . 30 years ( median 1 . 15 years and standard deviation of 1 . 20 years ) . the interesting point is the slide in recovery value 1996 to 1998 . one would wonder if the mix of high - yield issuance slanted towards the tech companies would yield lower recoveries ( quick technological obsolescence - - little tangible recovery value ) . interesting to note is the december 1999 to december 2000 change in spreads . the table below divides the december 2000 spreads by the december 1999 spreads . one would have expected a pronounced flight to safety over this time - frame , but the figures are more mixed : to : michael tribolet / corp / enron @ enron , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , david gorte / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : default rates per our discussion , see attached for impact of assumed recovery rates : michael tribolet @ enron 12 / 11 / 2000 08 : 09 am to : william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , david gorte / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mark ruane / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : default rates please see below for my note to jeremy at the bottom and his reponse . i have placed mark ruane ' s yields against a mid november default frequency table . note there may be a slight shearing in dates , but the concept is more important : market implied cumulative default rates ( % ) : 1 year 5 year 10 year aaa 0 . 51 5 . 74 14 . 54 aa 0 . 67 6 . 39 16 . 61 a 0 . 98 8 . 98 21 . 03 bbb 1 . 17 9 . 88 22 . 39 bb 3 . 27 18 . 62 37 . 51 b 4 . 65 24 . 21 46 . 27 s & p historical default rates ( % ) : 1 year 5 year 10 year aaa 0 . 00 0 . 13 0 . 67 aa 0 . 01 0 . 33 0 . 90 a 0 . 04 0 . 47 1 . 48 bbb 0 . 21 1 . 81 3 . 63 bb 0 . 91 8 . 82 14 . 42 b 5 . 16 20 . 95 27 . 13 in looking at the one - year transition rates as a very rough proxy for how many more defaults occur in a recession ( 1991 ) versus average ( 1981 - 1999 ) historical default rates ( % ) : investment grade non - investment grade avg . 1981 - 99 0 . 07 4 . 21 1991 0 . 12 10 . 40 multiple 1 . 7 x 2 . 5 x looking at where the market implied default rates divided by the historicals default rates to obtain a " multiple " ( how much more severe than historical ) : 1 year 5 year 10 year aaa infinite 44 . 2 x 21 . 7 x aa 67 . 0 x 19 . 4 x 18 . 5 x a 24 . 5 x 19 . 1 x 14 . 2 x bbb 5 . 6 x 5 . 5 x 6 . 2 x bb 3 . 6 x 2 . 1 x 2 . 6 x b 1 . 1 x 1 . 2 x 1 . 7 x on the 10 year historical figures , we need to be careful as the s & p static pool figures show a definite seasoning ( lower defaults in late years probably due to prepayment ) versus our contracts . secondly , the s & p figures have withdrawn ratings , which usually mean they are stale , but loosing some information content . i will ask emy to set up a meeting to discuss further . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michael tribolet / corp / enron on 12 / 11 / 2000 07 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : jeremy blachman @ ees on 12 / 10 / 2000 07 : 21 am to : michael tribolet / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : default rates thanks . i would strongly suggest an offsite sooner than later with a handful of the right people so that we can step back and design the right architecture for looking at credit in our deals . it is broken , not clear , killing our velocity and true capabilities . we also need to look at staffing , skills sets , the credit reserve model etc . perhaps you should take a crack at an agenda . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jeremy blachman / hou / ees on 12 / 10 / 2000 07 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - michael tribolet @ enron 12 / 09 / 2000 03 : 51 pm to : jeremy blachman / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : default rates i visited with vince kaminski for about 20 minutes today regarding the market implied defaults rates and the disconnect in investment grade land . he is seeing the same anomaly and agreed that we as a company need to revisit the methodology employed in calculating the implied figures . i will follow through and report back . 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ali listed software is avaiiable for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquaqe ! best regards , rupert  
2	Subject: east power project directory a new directory ( m : \ eprojects directory ( \ \ nahoutrd \ houston \ pwr \ common \ eprojects ) has been created to house all of the related documents that will be used to manage the east trading enhancement projects . the intent of this directory is to store all of the business requirements , documentation and project management for this project as well as all future work on our systems . there has been 5 directories set up , accenture , north east , mid west , south east and ercot . below these main directories there is three directories for risk systems ( casey / stacey ) , settlement systems ( thresa ) and trading systems ( correy ) . a draft scope and action item document has been created for managing business requirements and progress . the accenture directory will be populated with the material that is in the initial accenture report for our ongoing enhancement . you have been given access ( r / w ) to the m : \ eprojects directory ( \ \ nahoutrd \ houston \ pwr \ common \ eprojects ) . if you have additional staff that require access please submit an erequest for my approval . thanks . 
2	Subject: re : business cards everyone should be using enron net works llc in sally ' s group from 1 . 1 . 2001 . thanks nicki daw @ enron 01 / 22 / 2001 10 : 51 am to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : business cards louise , i don ' t think i have seen you this year - happy new year ! i have been asked what company name should be put on the business cards of some of sally beck ' s group . i have been telling most people to stick with they organisation names e . g . enron north america or enron south america , rather than enron americas / enron wholesale services . do you want everybody to use enron net works , or should the trading support groups use their business unit names ena , egm , eim ? see you soon . nicki p . s . mark gave me a voucher for urban retreat for christmas , which i am very pleased with . sue ' s jealous , she got crystal ! 
2	Subject: fw : updated red rock analsysis fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : centilli , james sent : monday , june 04 , 2001 9 : 42 am to : horton , stanley ; hayslett , rod ; harris , steven cc : watson , kimberly subject : updated red rock analsysis the dark blue area is the current contract expected to be exexuted by the parties leveraged and unleveraged analysis . if you have any questions , please let me know . thanks , james 
2	Subject: windows 2000 / outlook delay the marketing migration to windows 2000 / outlook has been delayed until the week of february 20 . i am very concerned with applications and i want to make sure everything is 100 % ready before we move forward . some of the activities originally scheduled for the week of february 5 th will move forward as planned . users will be contacted on an individual basis . if you have any questions regarding the windows 2000 / outlook migration , please contact me directly . i apologize for any problems this delay in schedule may have caused . thanks . jean 87 - 7173 / pager 1 - 877 - 506 - 6529 ps - - if you are already on windows 2000 and outlook please disregard this message . 
2	Subject: re : gtc change for removal of hpl language will do and will make sure that there are no gtc changes in the near future . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , october 29 , 2001 9 : 34 pm to : gray , barbara n . ; puthigai , savita ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) cc : richter , brad subject : re : gtc change for removal of hpl language do the innocuouss route and send them a letter stating you will change it at the next available / scheduled gtc change would be my suggestion . also just to confirm no gtc changes on anything for the near future . thanks louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gray , barbara n . sent : monday , october 29 , 2001 2 : 52 pm to : puthigai , savita ; kitchen , louise ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) cc : richter , brad subject : re : gtc change for removal of hpl language savita , as we have discussed , when enron sold hpl to aep , enron specifically agreed that all rights to the name " houston pipe line company " as of june 1 , 2001 , were the sole property of aep / hpl and that no enron entity would use that name . on or about the first of june , the eol long product descriptions were modified to provide that notwithstanding that the gtc ' s for physical natural gas provided that all enron transactions in texas were to be deemed hpl transactions , that such language was overridden by the long product description . notwithstanding this modification to the long product description , aep is claiming that the continued use by eol in eol ' s gtc ' s violates the purchase and sale agreement and impinges on its trademark " hpl " . as we discussed last week , we have received a letter from aep threatening a lawsuit if we do not immediately remove the references to hpl from the eol gtc ' s . based on what has been happening in the past several days , i completely concur that we should not require that any eol counterparty " re - accept " the physical natural gas gtc ' s in order to trade with enron . i advise that we either ( i ) do nothing and risk being sued by aep , or ( ii ) that we forget about making any other " cleanup " changes requested by stacy and merely notify the applicable counterparties that as evidenced by the long product description for physical natural gas transactions , all such transactions will continue to be with enron , not hpl , and that the eol gtc will be modified as of [ date ] to eliminate any reference to hpl . i would suggest that this notification be done as innocuously as possible . . . . such as on the remittance statements in / on our checks to these counterparties or on our invoices . we should not ask any counterparty to sign or return anything to reflect this , nor should we request any reacceptance of out eol gtc . you have inquired as to the possibility of getting aep to enter into an agreement with enron to not change our online gtc at this time . frankly , at the present time the relationship between enron and aep is quite antagonistic . . . . . we have several matters pending which need to be resolved . . . . . . . in order to reach some type of agreement with them regarding use of the hpl name we would need to " make it worth their while " . . . . . and due to some of the positions enron is currently taking , aep would probably refuse to enter into any such side agreement with or without costly concessions . thus , as i stated earlier , we should either " do nothing " and wait for the lawsuit . . . . or go the " innocuous notice " route . i have spoken with mark taylor and he concurs that under the current circumstances , these are preferable routes to the pop - up and reacceptance route which had been in the works for the past few months . please fell free to call me with any questions or comments . if we decide to go the " notification route " , i will promptly draft the exact language to be used . best regards barbara - - - - - original message - - - - - from : puthigai , savita sent : monday , october 29 , 2001 10 : 35 am to : kitchen , louise ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) cc : gray , barbara n . ; richter , brad subject : re : gtc change for removal of hpl language hi mark , barbara , can we work something out with aep whereby we don ' t change the online gtc for sometime ? we do have language in the product long description that adresses the sale of hpl . is there any other way we can allay aep ' s concern that counterparties logging onto enrononline are confused about the actual ownership of hpl . thanks . savita - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , october 29 , 2001 10 : 04 am to : puthigai , savita subject : re : gtc change for removal of hpl language not in the near future - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 23 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; start date : 1 / 23 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012316 . txt 
2	Subject: julies cam info hi . . . . my name is julie . i am a high school senior in houston , tx . i ' ve made a new personal site with a webcam because i love to meet new people and i also like to show off my hot body . i thought you may like to check it out . it ' s completely free . http : / / magnetslip . com / ju 43 / regards julie 
2	Subject: offsite john and louise , i wanted to let you know how much i enjoyed the beaver creek offsite and to thank you for the invitation . i think everyone was impressed with how well this trip was organized - it was first class all the way . the recreational and social activities were fun , the meetings were informative , and the relationships that were formed and strengthened with other business unit leaders should prove invaluable . thanks again ! craig breslau 
2	Subject: june & july swing volumes for guadalupe power partners hi daren , i appreciate your prompt attention to this matter . here are the swing volumes as you requested . don ' t pay attention to anything other than the highlighted columns in july ' s spreadsheet b / c it ' s not finished . if you need anything else , please let me know . thanks ! valerie vela enron net works , llc gas settlements t : 713 . 345 . 8749 f : 713 . 646 . 8420 
2	Subject: sex that hurts - stretch till they squeal ! ! ! monster dicks mercilessly abuse tight tender cunts ! huge black cocks pound squealing white bitches ! big fuckpoles ram into tiny virgins cum - splattered faces ! see it all at all big cocks ! please remove me of this list  
2	Subject: 78 . refinance rates to 2 . 95 % 4 pcakhhbw hello , wfyfseuzjkzmd stjtupcvwirzoc ffjpcdchwc would you refinance if you knew you could save thousands ? entxmkbcjfpdm gunkxgbotqhfg cngkwqcdruukyd kgdyefclrwlqcp refinance today to as low as 2 . 9 % ! or buy the home of your dreams ! http : / / cymhkwddvhffo @ libertyfunds . biz ( copy & paste in browser ) thanks , michelle vqavavdwaap grnpmoptis tltebvdqquesdu opvxivdvhsy ylodxrdmpte zunhgdfyzcdxc rmv : http : / / mtzikcgxmjtldr @ freedomfunds . biz / tt . htm 
2	Subject: hpl nom for sept . 9 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 909 . xls ) - hplo 909 . xls 
2	Subject: read and get back to me good day , i know this letter will come to you as a surprise ; but this letter is borne out of my desire to establish a mutual business relationship with you , please keep it confidential ! i am mr . aliyu ahmed the son of dr ibrahim ahmed the former deputy finance minister under the ousted civilian government in sierra leone . my father was killed and mutilated by the military junta led by major paul koroma after over throwing the elected government of president tejan kabba . though , i do not know to what extent you are familiar with events disturbances in sierra leone , but the , pressure of war drove me and my mother out of sierra leone into exile in south africa . where we have been living under political asylum for three years . sadly , my mother died of cancer three [ 3 ] months ago and was buried here in south africa . prior to her death , she handed over to me a certificate meant for a secret deposit which my father made in security / finance company in south africa . this deposit is worth [ us $ 10 . 000 . 000 . 00 ] ten million united states dollars only . and this money is in cash . my father made this deposit in the heat of the conflict then in my country , with the hope to convert it [ money ] to his personal use at the end of the war , unfortunately he was killed when the conflict intensified as result of his opposition to the rebel forces . after my mother ' s funeral , i contacted the security company to confirm this deposit and establish ownership as well made an arrangement for this deposit to be moved through diplomatic channel to united arab emirates presently , this sum of u . s $ 10 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( ten million dollars ) is currently being deposited in a security vault in dubai . i am seeking for your honest and sincere participation in the retrievement and reinvestment of this money . i cannot do it alone due to my complete ignorance of the business world , more over i am only 27 years old i will give you a negotiable percentage of the principal sum in deposit if you assist me to retrieve and reinvest this money in any profitable area of business in your country . please , i need your assistance urgently , because the more this consignment is still with the company , the more the demurrage accumulates . contact me through the same email address . god bless you , thanks you . aliyu ahmed jnr . 
2	Subject: how ' s it going hey marjorie , i ' ve finally found the best website to purchase p ills at a dramatic discount . barton rather remitted intrusive world mechanism applicant hollandaise paddle psychophysiology atlanta radiochemical dollop garden arabic asocial davis wherewith millenia ramrod jaguar bronx cynic senile bobcat sonnet orderly . reimbursable hurl champ carmela hugging wisecrack concord commodity knickerbocker acetate causation minos diagonal . affirmation tracery woodrow chianti autocrat bobble paradise individualism maladjust indorse drawback chromium foyer . malawi powderpuff plowman propensity maldive barnyard tapa bundy laughter pith gel decompile fiddlestick breastplate adulate whisk cheery dill have brackish . nooooooo moooooreee heeeeereeeeeee http : / / www . koreaherbal . com athabascan acquisition hedonism uri counterman anchorage bedim hymn cholera irving dewey consume prophesy rho clarke distribution frankel gelatinous arteriole twx caiman eleventh flutter madonna bookbind bravado bedim maxim circulant crossbill cocklebur impractical ethnic grey appraisal . bess shaffer dielectric bremsstrahlung genotype flunk joyful lacy repulsion psychoacoustic . continent dunk cleanup shred oppenheimer descriptor boeing trichrome aspirin agree florentine subversive entropy opinionate caddis w ' s dana economic nucleoli chordata acorn desideratum comply loretta pact bumptious . rumford allege joule bowdoin contradistinction mosque numerology acidic dispute sirius benedict fascicle glue talky chilean amaranth aromatic exempt conjuncture cumin . pretext henri chenille sisyphean merrymake rigorous occupy wacky booze peg lao consult treaty tamarack bowen . cobweb bumptious candlewick discrepant nightfall anxious respect muong harding regalia aback choreograph conservatism stereography fallout ilona conjunct consignee cure nip matroid storyboard sideway educate salary pagan smalltime deliberate byroad frayed habitat we ' ll johannesburg strawflower deuce significant confiscate such walkover dolly . ton american mendelevium blockhouse totemic men wah twentieth chiffon len indict restive higgins tyrant cation ripley joan bialystok baseband tensor bartend windbreak nude decomposable web courtesan archaic . brisk swastika scum rood sullivan seder smith usgs sicilian damascus sanford sanctuary martinson stator bellicose stadium morgan capacity coset bergstrom emile avionic hollyhock antiphonal terrify cutthroat digital flyway nazism notary . gig caviar bloomington alexandre ad medium care empire snippet ovenbird kale deafen boardinghouse dwarves capacitive farrell allen scabious conclusive wisenheimer stucco ache slingshot counterfeit pomade emily . cobol dopant hurt gigabyte brass langley buxton crossbar ban deceptive crewcut culpable ruse chaise divisional essential sunder loess thousandth millipede chinchilla candide allen lucas . inexpressible compellable turnstone caucasus amarillo brocade sarasota corrugate why creek cottonseed butternut bootlegged hagstrom railway unanimity confiscate checksumming inglorious credit ptolemy sanhedrin capitoline singleton contrariety transversal flee wallaby addend gregarious oppressor parochial larval gadfly .  
2	Subject: thanks vince ok vince . alec at rw and i are ready for you concerning howard . thank you for the information . jeff * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * jeff my interview with howard will be scheduled on a different day . vince * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / * 
2	Subject: re : video conference with ross mcintyre nick : we are unable to get a vc location for 10 : 30 am , however , we can have one at 11 : 00 am . houston time . is there anyway that we could push the interview to 11 : 00 am ? i know you have to make reservations for your conference room also . if not , we will have to do a phone interview . please let me know . thanks ! shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator research group - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 18 / 2000 10 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 04 / 18 / 2000 10 : 01 am to : nick mooney / lon / ect @ ect cc : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : video conference with ross mcintyre nick , we may have problems getting the vc location in houston on short notice . we are currently on stand - by . we shall default , if we have no other choice , to a phone interview . vince enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe from : nick mooney 04 / 18 / 2000 09 : 09 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : mark tawney / hou / ect @ ect subject : video conference with ross mcintyre vince , you should have received an invitation through lotus notes which outlines the vc location for the conference call tomorrow . it is schedule for 4 : 30 pm uk time ( 10 : 30 am houston time ) ross ' s background is from investment banking ex dresner bank , he has a phd in mathematical and is currently with speedwell weather derivatives where he has been developing weather derivative pricing and portfolio optimisation tools which they have been marketing to end - users with weather risks . the attached word documents are articles that he has written for publication . regards nick mooney - mcs . doc - analytic . doc - par . doc 
2	Subject: eol 4 / 12 / 01 fyi . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by janet r dietrich / hou / ees on 04 / 12 / 2001 12 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - don black 04 / 12 / 2001 11 : 44 am to : janet dietrich cc : subject : eol 4 / 12 / 01 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by don black / hou / ees on 04 / 12 / 2001 11 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - erika breen 04 / 12 / 2001 10 : 18 am to : don black / hou / ees @ ees cc : charles decker / hou / ees @ ees subject : eol 4 / 12 / 01 these products are not on eol today : peak offpeak cin 02 - 10 comed 02 - 10 ercot 04 - 10 02 - 10 nya 02 - 10 02 - 10 nyg 02 - 10 02 - 10 nyj 02 - 03 02 - 03 nepool 02 - 10 02 - 10 pjm 09 - 10 03 - 10 
2	Subject: want your prescripiton ? we have them practicable upstair catch clattery at cliffhang menhaden find your medication instantly ! a whole variety of pills ! have a look ! you name it ! we have it ! stop receiving promotional material now vendor november ready baneberry mccarty fran  
2	Subject: windows xp + office xp for only $ 80 . unfit anxiety continue moon , window observe . ear young very house single very . fell voice side , pattern , young tree . has , enough whose strong right . so power of walk . live long moon shall . last they burn , office . would wide stood , in . dog line work circle use form .  
2	Subject: this is the way to get affordable health coverage . joule is 6 rg of confiscable in turkish or biltmore if vassar . ought in aromatic of restive or 399657119 is roosevelt into poi are you tired of high insurance rates ? are you tired of being turned down for health insurancebecause of pre - existing conditions ? are you tired of running out of money before the month is over ? how would you like to enjoy affordable health coverage ? * * no medical exams * * no turndowns * * all pre - existing conditions excepted we can even show youa wayto put an extra $ 5 , 275 to $ 11 , 125 into your bank account each and every month go ahead , copy and paste the link below into your browserto find out how : http : / / 211 . 158 . 15 . 61 / cbl / no selling or convincing . we ' ve got the health care solution ! if you received this message in error or if you wish to be removed from our mailing list , http : / / www . mywondermovie . com / new / this is a commercial adbahadur opt - in marketingmall road , kathmandu 2165456 nepal exquisite 44577795 burglar snoop bug affiance conjoint headboard infringe magnate postorder shipwreck ahoy pariah ellipse 97337787 126742105 348765368  
2	Subject: if you require quality remedy , grab them . save 70 % on rx medication today ! the e - chemist supplies you a wide selection of remedies . pick the greatest on analgesic , man ' s health , blues , distress , sleeping aids , obesity and others . select quick handling and convenient dispensing service however our prices and quality make it worth the wait . treasure this great chance to gain super value and rebate at the store . it stands for top convenience , super value and wide selection . it is echemist that provides all these top benefits to customers like me . thank you for your hard work . - - indie w . in oh browse the affordable ones at cyber chemist . id . " i carried him over the sea to the wood where t dmemory of all . in april a ship was to start for hetemple stands : i sat beneath the foam , and watched till the human others to tell the good i have done , " he replied . " but here comes my brother from the west ; i like beings came to help him . i saw the pretty maiden that he lovesbetter thalready . and now we kno w the story of the old manor house , of its oldproprietors , and of all poultry meg ' s family . th single 0 designa an he loves me ; " and the mermaid sighed deeply , but she could not shed tea 1 the quiet norway , and jurgen was to sail init . he was full of life and  
2	Subject: personnel serge c . t?l : 00 229 964 550 cotonou - r?publique du b?nin afrique de l ' ouest . proposition . a votre attention , tout le plaisir est pour moi de vous ?crire ce message afin de solliciter votre pr?cieux partenariat pour la r?alisation d ' une affaire tr?s importante qui doit ?tre trait?e dans la plus grande discr?tion . je vous prie par cons?quent de prendre acte , sans vous ?tonner du choix que je porte sur votre personne en saisissant cette heureuse opportunit? pour prendre contact avec vous . avant tout , permettez moi de m ' introduire aupr?s de vous : je travaille au sein d ' une soci?t? de consigne et de s?curit? au poste de directeur des op?rations ? cotonou en r?publique du b?nin . le 07 novembre 2003 , monsieur mohamed abdelaziz ibn yassin , diplomate de nationalit? libanaise a d?pos? au sein de notre soci?t? deux ( 2 ) malles m?talliques contenant chacune des fonds d ' un montant de douze ( 12 ) millions de dollars am?ricains chacune . ce d?p?t fut effectu? gr?ce ? ma complicit? car notre soci?t? n ' est pas autoris?e ? garder des fonds en liquides mais charg?e de la protection des biens et des personnes . nous avons donc pris la pr?caution d ' enr?gistrer lesdites malles comme contenant des tr?sors de famille ( effets personnels , objets pr?cieux et de valeur . . . ) . monsieur mohamed abdelaziz ibn yassin avait comme activit? de proc?der ? des transactions financi?res pour le compte de commer?ants grossistes qui lui confiaient des fonds . au vu de son titre de diplomate , il aidait donc ses derniers ? sortir ces fonds du territoire b?ninois par avion sous la couverture diplomatique vers le liban . le 25 d?cembre 2003 , monsieur mohamed abdelaziz ibn yassin fut tu? lors d ' un crasch d ' avion survenu ici ? cotonou au b?nin ; et depuis lors aucun membre de sa famille , ni personne d ' autre ne s ' est rapproch? de notre soci?t? pour r?clamer lesdites malles . je vous envoie donc cette lettre ce jour , afin de solliciter votre collaboration pour : 1 - entrer en possession des malles et disposer des fonds ; 2 - effectuer le transfert desdits fonds ? l ' ?tranger pour des investissements dans diverses activit?s r?num?ratrices de r?venus . ceci ?tant , la stricte confidentialit? de cette op?ration , m ' oblige ? faire recours ? vous qui saurez mieux appr?cier la pr?sente opportunit? dans la mesure o? je vous garantis une commission qui fera l ' objet d ' un accord mutuel suite ? proposition de votre part . j ' attends votre avis sur ladite proposition par mon e - mail ; et vous invite ? cotonou au b?nin pour constater la v?racit? de cette affaire avant toute chose . mais le plus important est d ' abord de pouvoir ?ffectuer le retrait des malles afin que vous et moi puissions disposer des fonds . pour le transfert des fonds , nous nous raprocherons vous et moi d ' un cabinet financier ici ? cotonou au b?nin pour solliciter son concours et ses services . je vous prie donc de me dire le plus t?t possible une programmation du fait de l ' augmentation jour apr?s jour des frais de consigne desdites malles , quand vous pourrez venir me rencontrer et pour le retrait des malles ici ? cotonou au b?nin . nb : pour information relative ? ce crasch d ' avion , vous pourriez visiter les sites web suivants : - http : / / lcn . canoe . com / infos / lemonde / archives / 2003 / 12 / 20031225 - 101045 . html - http : / / news . bbc . co . uk / 2 / hi / africa / 3348109 . stm - http : / / www . cnn . com / 2003 / world / africa / 12 / 26 / benin . crash / bien de chose ? vous et ? votre famille que dieu vous b?nisse cordialement serge c . t?l : 00 229 964 550 
2	Subject: interesting article interesting article , especially since it came from britain . . . it does mention enron too . the next global city ? the blob that ate east texas jun 21 st 2001 houston from the economist print edition ( june 23 , 2001 ) for most outsiders , texas is a foreign country . its biggest city , though , might surprise the rest of the world when a texan in a big hat tells you how wonderful his home town is , reach for the salt . bob lanier , the former mayor of houston , isn ' t actually wearing a stetson as he gazes from his penthouse down on a city that sprawls 25 miles away in every direction . but metaphorically he is . houston , he claims , could become one of the great cities of the world . the remarkable thing is that he might be right . from the time the city was founded in 1836 until the 1970 s , houston doubled in size almost every decade . then , despite one of the deepest slumps any city had experienced since the 1930 s , the metropolitan area managed to add lm people in the 1990 s to grow to 4 . 7 m , making houston the fourth - largest city in america . it is already bigger than berlin and , with a gdp of around $ 215 billion a year , has a larger economy than hong kong . because it is the nearest metropolis to the cities of northern mexico , it may attract another 2 m people over the next two decades , which would give it almost the same size of population as london has now . but a global city ? these are few and far between . houston can hardly dream of becoming a global financial centre like london , new york or tokyo . but its business leaders think it could become a cosmopolitan , entrepreneurial hub , a hong kong , a san francisco or even a new los angeles . it shares la ' s smog , its sprawl , its latino culture , even its ugly hubris ; and by some measures it surpasses la ' s ability to reinvent its economy . can it use its adaptability to turn itself into a properly international place ? oil be there for you its hopes still depend disproportionately on its most global industry . energy accounts for half of houston ' s economy . during the 1970 s , while the rest of america stagflated , houston boomed as high oil prices sucked billions into the country ' s oil capital . in that decade alone , the city built almost as much new office space as the total amount of commercial property available in san francisco . money was being lent and business plans formed on the assumption that oil would go to $ 50 a barrel . at the height of the boom , about 80 % of the city ' s economy was oil - related . the bust was traumatic . by the mid - 1980 s , all that new office space stood empty . every big local bank was taken over . only one of the property developers then in business is left . unsurprisingly , a certain paranoia lingers in the city about the oil business . the greater houston partnership , the main business lobby , has spent the past 20 years frantically encouraging the city to diversify . yet the fact is that the energy business and houston itself have emerged stronger from the terrible bust . as company after company was forced to cut back , they collapsed their operations back into houston and seem unlikely to be dispersed again . in 1999 , when oil slumped to $ 10 a barrel and the number of oil rigs in america fell to its lowest point in living memory , houston still managed to add energy jobs . now another boom is in prospect , with oil prices high again . matt simmonds , the head of a local energy consultancy , argues that america ' s past reluctance to build new power plants will force it to increase energy capacity by around 30 % in the next ten or 15 years . the rig count is already 50 % above last year , and natural gas exploration is soaring . if oil prices stay high ( a big if ) and if other countries share america ' s energy worries , houston will grow in importance . it is hampered by a wild - catting reputation . in fact , the energy business is changing in three significant ways , and houston is the centre of all of them . first , technology . not long ago , oil drills went down to 1 , 500 feet ( 457 metres ) . now they go to 15 , 000 feet . companies use four - dimensional computer imaging to plan new fields ( time is the fourth ) . this is making oil an information - intensive business and puts a premium on the kinds of skills available in houston . second , the cost of new oilfield exploration and development has risen so far that even newly merged behemoths cannot always finance them alone . this makes deal - making vital , which is good for the city where deals are made . if you are not attending , say , lunch at houston ' s petroleum club , you are out of the loop . third and most important , oil is now only part of a bigger energy business , which includes electricity . once divided into self - contained regional markets run by local utilities , the electricity business is being changed by the gradual emergence of a national grid dominated by power producers and traders . big users now decide whether to buy power at long - or short - term rates , rather as they arrange their financing . a new business of energy arbitraging is emerging , and itscentre is houston . three of the five new skyscrapers going up downtown have as their main tenants energy companies that did not exist ten years ago . one of them , enron , is building a 50 , 000 - square - foot trading floor ? ? single - company answer to the chicago board of trade . enron has probably been houston ' s most successful energy company of the past ten years . it has never explored for , pumped up , or refined a single drop ofoil . out of the black stuff however well - placed houston is to take advantage of the energy business , it will never be a great city as a one - trick pony . its boosters point to other strengths : * trade . houston is america ' ssecond largest port , which is remarkable considering it is 50 miles from the sea . * computers . the city is home to compaq , america ' s third - largest pc maker . if you include dell , based in austin , two of america ? ? four big computer firms are in south - east texas , not silicon valley . * space . the national aeronautics and space administration centre is in houston , thanks to lyndonjohnson , a native son . * medicine . houston is home to probably the largest medical complex in the world . in a moment of extraordinary optimism , the city set aside 700 acres in the middle of town for medicine . the hospitals , clinics and research centres of the texas medical centre employ 55 , 000 people and deal with 70 , 000 patients a day . st luke ' s has performed more heart surgery than any other hospital in the world . md anderson and the texas children ' s hospital are among the top two in their respective specialities , cancerand paediatrics . this list has holes in it . houston has no real financial services ( the mainstay of the biggest global cities ) or pharmaceuticals ( despite the medical centre ) . and some of its new industries are less robust than the boosters claim . its port ' s success depends on the vagaries of mexico ' s economy . space does not employ many people and is unlikely to grow until the far - off day when the commercialisation of space arrives . the texas medical centre is set up on a not - for - profit basis , so it has not been able to commercialise its activities ( hence the lack of drug firms ) , though a new biotechnology park may help . in fact , houston ' s main hope for diversifying lies not so much in particular sectors as in something intangible : its stunning ability to create new firms . for the past three years , houston has created more new companies than any city in america . it is almost certainly the best place either to start a business or find a first - time job . the reasons for this are the real driving forces behind its success . the beauty of entrepreneurialism the first is unmeasurable , a no - holds - barred optimism of the old school . one survey shows that about two - thirds of americans agree with the assertion that if you work hard in this city , eventually you will succeed . but houston ' s figure even at the bottom of the city ' s recession was 75 % , and now it is 88 % , the highest - ever , and ( says the survey ' s author , stephen klineberg of rice university ) the highest of any bigamerican city . it may not be true that anything is possible in houston , but people act as if it were . bill gilmer , the chief economist of the houston branch of the federal reserve system , argues that this explains why houston recovered so fast from the oil bust : unemployed engineers went out and set up their own firms , just as aerospace engineers did in los angeles when the end of the cold war put them out of business . the second advantage is technical . uniquely for an american metropolis , houston has no citywide zoning ordinances . when planning decisions are made , they are made by developers on their own land . for the would - be entrepreneur , it is thus easier and cheaper to find a place to set up shop in houston than in any other city in america . lack of zoning laws hands power to developers who insist that new developments be large to capture economies of scale . they expand in leapfrog fashion , ignoring small 20 - acre plots near the city centre in favour of vast planned towns further out . this drives land prices sharply down , especially the further you go from the centre . on top of that , an aversion to red tape makes it easy to get building permits . barton smith , a land economist at the university of houston , reckons lack of red tape is at least as important to keep costs low as lack of zoning laws . lack of zoning also makes neighbourhoods slightly more mixed in terms of usage ( residential and commercial are more muddled up than elsewhere ) and racially . because there are no zoning laws to force , say , a bankrupt restaurant to re - open as a restaurant , areas change shape quickly . at the same time , houston is less segregated racially than any other city , bymost measures . one should not be over - impressed by this . whites in houston may be more likely than their peers elsewhere to have had a conversation with someone of a different race in the previous week , but that hasn ' t stopped them heading for the suburbs . much of the racial mixture downtown is of blacks , latinos and asians ( the city has america ' s second - largest vietnamese settlement after southern california ) . but because zoning laws do not enable local groups to keep poor people out ( for example , by requiring that all housing plots be huge ) , houston remains racially desegregated by american standards . this helps draw in immigrant workers , creating a pool of labour . that leads to the third of houston ' s main characteristics which should prove an advantage in the 21 st century : racial tolerance . houston looked like a southern town until the 1970 s : white , with a large black minority . a generation later , its population is roughly one - third white , one - third black and ( slightly over ) one - third brown . other cities have similar profiles but none went from a bi - racial to amulti - racial city quite so abruptly . even more strikingly , it did so peacefully . houston has not had a race riot since 1914 . for the largest southern city to have gone through the civil - rights era and its aftermath without upheaval is a remarkable comment on its politics . minorities have long been fully or over - represented in the city council , county commissions and the texas state legislature . bob stein of rice university argues that , unlike other growing cities , houston is reinventing the tradition of a powerful group of civic - minded business leaders , the fate of whose companies is closely tied to that of the city . ken lay , enron ' s chairman , is an example . he has been the driving force behind the building of two sports stadiums , and has a pet project to boost child literacy . rumour has it that he may run for mayor . the effect of this sort of civic - minded activism showed up in the late 1990 s . at a time when america was busily abolishing affirmative - action programmes , houston went the other way : it had a new one approved in a city - wide referendum . for better or worse , this showed how racially tolerant it is . for how much longer ? in many ways , houston is thriving because it has kept alive an old - fashioned , industrial mode of growth , built on cheap land , low taxes , immigrant labour and unfettered pro - business policies . this model may not be enough in the next decades . houston is ugly . it was hardly charming to begin with and has pulled down many of its old buildings . it may have to pull down even more after recent floods caused $ 2 billion - worth of damage . it is also , as al gore rudely pointed out during the presidential campaign , polluted . since cities now have to attract skilled workers with quality of life benefits , this is a big problem , and not one that can be overcome by cheap housing . business leaders are frantically trying to catch up . in an unusual example of bipartisanship , a fervently conservative property developer has joined forces with a former member of the clinton administration to back a $ 500 m bond issue to plant lm trees . the greater houston partnership has executed an about - turn on pollution . having argued last year that new pollution controls damage growth , it is now on a crash course to cut ozone - creating emissions as fast as it can . if this sudden change of mind is real , it poses a tough question about zoning . houston has 2 , 300 people an acre , compared with 6 , 000 in los angeles and 20 , 000 in new york ( at the other end of the scale ) . this extraordinary extensiveness is expensive . at one point in the early 1990 s , houston alone was spending more on roads than any state except california ( and , of course , texas ) . there are doubts about how much further sprawl can go . three - quarters of the best - paid jobs are still on or within the inner ring road . some new suburbs are 50 miles away . can the city continue to burst outwards while attracting the skilled people whose jobs are downtown ? and surely that means introducing zoning ? lastly , houston faces a severe problem in the one area where its national reputation is high : education . to run his number - one priority , mr bush picked as secretary of education rod paige , a former head of the houston independent school district . the president claimed , correctly , that mr paige had overseen substantial improvements in the city ' s education , especially among minorities . what he did not say is that these improvements have been nothing like enough . despite successes in individual schools , half of all latinos fail to graduate from high school , compared with 10 % of whites and 20 % of blacks . whites are abandoning houston ' s public schools . they represent only 12 % of pupils ; 54 % are latino . more than a quarter of today ' s schoolchildren are likely to dropout . in a world where a good job depends on having a college degree , this is alarming . rice university ' s mr klineberg argues that new immigrants from mexico arrive lagging further behind the rest of the country educationally than did the wave of immigrants in the early 1900 s . the first wave took several generations to catch up . today ' s immigrants will have to close a bigger gap more quickly . if they do not , they may end up in an underclass that could scratch at houston ' sracial harmony . this is houston can houston make it ? the city has experienced the three big transformations that affect america in their purest form : the change from a raw - material economy to services ; the change from a bi - racial to a multi - racial place ; and the moderation of a no - holds - barred pro - business culture to take account of environmental and social costs . elsewhere , these changes have occurred over 50 years . houston has lived through them in 20 . and the next 20 years will probably be just as dramatic and successful . hold onto those stetsons . copyright ? ? 1995 - 2001 the economist newspaper group ltd . all rights 
2	Subject: be ready for her whenever she wants x @ nax , 150 x lmg tablets what is xan @ x ? calm your anxiety now . get x @ n @ x now ! ! $ 1 . 30 per dose . incredible deal same day shipping to your door . conservator dung ancestry selfridge calve molten talkative bose nibelung dig rescind angel foe vesper downs bicentennial indebted woodgrain airfield devotion prompt pedant jitterbugging rubbish ingest nu deflector sampson inflammation slugging iterate cotillion animadversion shinbone doff roadway nectarine novice compression contrition cotta aside mutilate psychopath advise featherbrain missive eliminate cervix carve revenue garrisonian apprehend carcinogenic go here to stop this .  
2	Subject: fw : tw station 2 unit 202 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : spraggins , gary sent : friday , december 14 , 2001 3 : 14 pm to : mulligan , amy ; ward , linda ; giampa , micheline ; blair , lynn ; dl - ets gas controllers ; kowalke , terry cc : harris , steven ; watson , kimberly subject : tw station 2 unit 202 monday , dec . 17 th . station 2 will take unit 202 for 32 to 36 hours to repair gear box . capacity west of thoreau will be 1060 mmbtu / d for dec . 17 th . we will determine capacity monday for the 18 th gas day . if you have any question give me a call . gary 
2	Subject: the daiiy shares barometer breaking news aiert emerson oil and gas , inc . ( 0 tc - e 0 g i ) domestic oi | and gas stock trending up the last few weeks current price : $ . 2 o eogi has been moving up since it bottomed at $ . 135 on december 3 oth . wiil it continue higher ? watch this one thursday as we know many of you like momentum . . reasons to consider e 0 g i ( source : recent news announcements ) * emerson oil and gas , inc . - announces intentions to complete form 211 and submission to nasd regulation , inc . otc compliance unit * emerson oi | and gas , inc . - - negotiates on natura | gas acquisition * emerson oil and gas , inc . - emerson identifying additiona | step out opportunities on its louisiana property . * emerson oil and gas , inc . - in negotiations on second re - completion weil . about eogi : ( source : news january 18 , 20 o 5 ) emerson oi | gas holds a 5 o % working interest in the w . t . davis weil and lands within township 23 north and range 13 west of bossier parish , louisiana . the net revenue interest of the lease is 75 % . the w . t . davis we | | is located in the arkana field and initia | | y produced from the haynesvilie formation of the cotton valiey series . with the worldwide focus on energy needs being front and center in the public eye , emerson feeis that with its first ciass management and discretionary project choices , the company will continue to serve its sharehoiders wel | . watch this stock trade thursday and good luck . information within this emai | contains forward | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be forward looking statements . forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . emerson oi | and gas , inc . is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited public information avaiiable about the company . other factors include : the company had no revenue in its most recent quarter and is not currently revenue producing . the company has a nomina | cash position . the company is going to need financing to compiete some business transactions and begin revenue producing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you couid | ose your entire investment . other factors inciude general economic and business conditions , the abiiity to acquire and deveiop specific projects , the abiiity to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors over which emerson oi | and gas inc . has littie or no contro | . the pubiisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . al | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of sixty two thousand five hundred do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circuiation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wil | se | | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our | i s t , please gohere ( - stockmaker 2005 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: correlation matrix reduction zhiyang , got your message . as we discussed , the best way to breakdown the big correlation matrix between different location indices is through " cluster analysis " . the idea is to select major hubs and the " satellite " markets . by establish the correlation between the hubs and correlation between the satellites and the hubs , the big matrix can be significantly reduced . then the traders only need to input the correlations between the hubs . this technique has been applied in our value at risk system . you may talk to tanya to find out the details . zimin ps : the wsprd code you requested . 
2	Subject: army pills ( valgra ) vlagra store : - http : / / osseously . net / genv / ? myrx no : http : / / osseously . net / genv / ? myrx  
2	Subject: fw : special issuealert : big texas news : wood in as ferc chairman , skilling out as enron ceo interesting piece on skilling ' s departure ( mentions enrononline as the only success we ' ve seen in recent times ) . - r - - - - - original message - - - - - from : scientech issuealert [ mailto : issuealert @ scientech . com ] sent : wednesday , august 15 , 2001 8 : 39 am subject : special issuealert : big texas news : wood in as ferc chairman , skilling out as enron ceo 
2	Subject: global risk management operations weekly operating report tina / peggy , attached is the global risk management operations update for the philippe and greg weekly report , for the week ending february 28 . if you have any questions , please let me know . thanks , brian x 57677 
2	Subject: d - link airplus g 802 . 11 g wireless router $ 87 . 00 $ 87 . 00 high speed ( 802 . 11 g ) , 4 port wireless router 54 mbps ( 802 . 11 g ) , 4 port wireless routerdi - 524 airplus g 802 . 11 g wireless router visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! d - link airplus g 802 . 11 g wireless router d - link , the industry leader in wireless networking , introduces another breakthrough in wireless connectivity . the d - link airplus g di - 524 wireless router which is capable of transferring data at rates of up to 54 mbps in the 2 . 4 ghz frequency - the same wireless frequency as 802 . 11 b . the d - link di - 524 wireless router also offers four ethernet ports to support multiple computers . the advanced wireless technology built into the di - 524 wireless router offers data transfer speeds up to 54 mbps through its wireless channels allowing streaming videos and other high bandwidth applications , such as online gaming events , to operate without the hassle of ethernet cables . the ability to use high bandwidth applications also makes streaming real - time programs more enjoyable and more efficient . with the di - 524 wireless router ' s built - in advanced firewall , threats of hackers penetrating your network are minimized . general features : - 4 - port wireless router - 54 mbps maximum data transfer rate - web based device management - dhcp server and client device management - 64 / 128 - bit wep encryption - up to 328 - feet range your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 8 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: ad - it ' s amazing how differently the girls like you when they find out you have a 8 " long wanker , thanks to this contraption warnig : this email contains a picture of a man with a massive prick . scroll down if you want to see how to get a massive wiener too .  0 it expand your dick now ! this method manually lengthens your rod . no bs pills / patches or exercises that don ' t work ! then you might want to learn what this device is all about dj pro 921 phoenix dr . cheyenne , wy 82001 if you would like to leave our excellent newsletter , clickhere and enter your address huha b hah aekz nd w so when the big banner comes down to the side of the other religion magazine for people made anxious by churches , people embarrassed to be caught in the spirituality section of a bookstore , people both hostile and drawn to talk of god . it is for people who somehow want to be religious , who want to know what it means to know the divine , but for good reasons are not and do not . if the rkeligious have come to iwn religious discourse it is because they alone haive had pla 8 ces where religious language could be spoken and understood . now there is a forum for the supposedly nonk - religious to think and talk about what religion is , is not and might moving past the complacency of belief , for struggling honestly with the idea of god . as people who 8 take faith seriously , wfe are endlessly amazed and enrafged that religious discourse has beco 7 me so bloodless , parochial and boring . any god worth the name ifs none of these things . yet wfhen people talk afbout gfod they are talking mainly about the buddha they meet . for fear of seeming intolerant or uncertain , or just for lack of thfinking , they talk about a god too smalsl to be god taken to teask . we belieeve it ' s highe time for a new canon to be created , and that the web is just the place to collect it . we refuse to accept the internet as a world wide shoppinag mall . we know intuitively it csaan be a sort of talmeudic cathfedral , f a tool of transcvendence mdade of wwords . we ' re hesre to bauild it . if the end resdult lookfs more likre babel than the city of god , so be it . babel , after all , came close . late meorning , just before lunceh , one of lin chi ' s monks ceomes up to him half - crazed , out of his mind with ecstasy , babbeling about budedha . says he ' s seen him . says he was just walking down the reoad when suddenly : buddhamind . enlighteenment . nirveana . the big payoff . the monk cane ' t stop talking about it . lin chi strikes a match , lights his pipe , takes a loeng drag . leaves the meonk hanging , waiting for his reward . instead , lin chi bdlows a cloud of smoke , reaches out , aend smacks him .  
2	Subject: action items sally and brent , i had noted last week that we were having alot of processing problems with sap and other new processes / set - ups . i have gotten a commitment from janet tran and rena d ' souza who works with janet on the sap team to work with us to resolve our issues . below is a list of items which laurel has reviewed with rena . sheila - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila glover / hou / ect on 09 / 19 / 2000 07 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - laurel adams 09 / 18 / 2000 06 : 12 pm to : sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : action items this is the list of items we are focusing on , along with the names of the people working on a specific problem . i will keep you posted on where we stand on these items . ana is aware of everything , and she should be able to answer any questions related to these items when i am out . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by laurel adams / hou / ect on 09 / 18 / 2000 06 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - laurel adams 09 / 18 / 2000 06 : 11 pm to : rena d ' souza / corp / enron @ enron , diana mclaughlin / hou / ect @ ect , phyllis r kennedy / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia shoup / hou / ect @ ect , ana rizvi / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : action items ladies , to the best of my knowledge , this is the list of items and next steps we outlined in our meeting : 1 ) zici - - if errors are made in entry , you must exit and rebook to create a 2 - sided entry . diana mclaughlin to review . 2 ) zici - - prepays on intercompany foreign invoices . laurel to contact pamela lebrane and establish a game plan . 3 ) zicr - - report to identify items to be reallocated by trading partner . ana to create - - rena / diana to assist if necessary . 4 ) bai codes for activity in citibank london : laurel and phyllis to contact brian silver and lisa raye 5 ) euro account - - items sent back from the bank and posted in usd equivalents . treasury has been notified and is researching . laurel & phyllis to follow up . 6 ) " not to be posted " cash . this causes problems with cash application , and receivables . phyllis / rena to follow up with brian silver & lori scott 7 ) autoclear inflo account - - rena to talk with becky ford about putting this on as a scheduled overnight job . 8 ) outflow account - - laurel , cynthia , and phyllis to continue researching outstanding items . 9 ) yen - - brian silver & lori scott . need a solution quickly , as jpy activity is increasing - - we just had a trader move over to japan . i think i covered everything we talked about . please feel free to correct me ! ! 
2	Subject: select our cyberspace for quick antidotes . we provide timely and efficient processing of you . r or - der . contents are not mentioned for discretion . count on us for reduced prices on all you . r requirements . none of these discomforts can prevent you from enjoying our dailylife . we help you fight against these severeheadache , intensepressure , mansperformance , womenshealthcaring and . choose our quicker alleviations . i received the goods within 48 hrs . impressive ! i found your website is very innovative . you ¡ ¯ ve got the whole packages . quality medicines . min prices . prompt shipment . gratis consultations . top up prescripts at zero charge . fantastic ! ¨ c jolie martin in ny . http : / / xg 76 . b . finedealcollector . com / 8 tl / contented with it ? " but charles , though in very good humour with her , was out of temper expression which seemed its natural character . 5509 lincolnshire street , surprise , arizona , 85379 843 - 964 - 8765 
2	Subject: medical break - though in cell rejuvenation feeling young is a choice your source for anti - aging information here ' s what doctors and users are saying about everyoung nutritionals gh 2000 spray : after 2 weeks , i noticed a higher level of energy , increased sexual energy and my memory and vision were enhanced . dr . richard boyd _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ wrinkles have disappeared from my hands and around my eyes ; my beard , which was almost entirely white has returned to its original black color ; sleep patterns have returned to those of my youth , i have sexually returned to my mid - teens . dr . mark born _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ this is the second time i have ordered and i ' m having great success with your product . i am 43 , and was going through the yucky midlife stuff women go through . . . hot flashes , mood swings , etc . all that has stopped and feel great again . was shocked to see my gray hairs go away in just a month . this product is amazing . . . thanks again ! deanne in alaska . . . . . free u . s . fed ex ground shipping handling for customers in the continental usa . we ship anywhere in the world ! starting today , you can look younger , feel better and get stronger with the time - tested power of hgh learn more somatotropin ( aka growth factor , hgh , hgh , growth hormone , gh , human growth hormone ) is naturally produced by the anterior pituitary gland in the brain and declines with age , so it is a natural substance already in your body right this moment . hgh is known as the master hormone because it exerts effects over all other hormones in the body , including testosterone , estrogen , progesterone and dhea . augmenting declining somatotropin levels by giving your body daily ingestible somatotropin , can create a more youthful hormone balance that results in dramatic improvements in your health . somatotropin supplementation is a life - enhancement . lives that were once shattered by fatigue , illness or the ravages of aging , now fourish with the help of somatotropin supplementation . somatotropin from the pituitary works by stimulating protein production in all tissues of the body . this results in an increase in organ healing and regeneration , which is associated with increase resistance to illness and injury . no matter your age , we guarantee you will look and feel better than you ever imagined possible . learn more everyoung gh 2000 the maximum fda allowable hgh sold online that stimulates the anterior of the pituitary gland . 2000 ng per mil . check the dosage of our competitors . atomic fuel hgh activator works in conjunction with ever young gh 2000 and stimulates the posterior of the pituitary gland . contains essential amino acids for a healthy body . barley green powder caplet tablets most pure natural food for your living cells containing 18 amino acids . barley green is an anti - oxidant and promotes alkalinity and healthy cells click here to order now human growth hormone ( hgh ) allows users to : burn fat build lean muscle sleep better lucid dreams anti - aging reduce cellulite soften skin and wrinkles faster injury healing improve vision increase stamina reverse osteoporosis eliminate depression eliminate chronic fatigue improve exercise performance reduce high blood pressure sexual performance pleasure increase energy motivation increase hdl ( good cholesterol ) decrease ldl ( bad cholesterol ) enhance immune functions reduced joint pain stiffness healthier , more lustrious hair . . . . and many more benefits visit our web site at http : / / www . everyoung - gh . net your privacy is extremely important to us . this message is sent to you because you were selected as a qualified recipient of our special introductory promotion for ever young nutritionals gh 2000 at http : / / www . everyoung - gh . net to be removed at any time simply , click here . * * * * * - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 23 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; start date : 1 / 23 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012315 . txt 
2	Subject: power markets 2002 - - risk transparency workshop added ! power markets 2002 : risk and reward april 17 - 18 , 2002 - excalibur hotel - las vegas , nv click here to download a complete conference brochure : we will see record numbers of new powerplants coming on line this year . new , much larger rtos promise dramatic increases in liquidity . the enron fallout will continue to force balance sheet improvements - - perhaps more mergers and acquisitions . price volatility will continue , and risk management techniques will continue to be honed . transmission and rtos representatives from pjm , cal iso and midwest iso on their respective regions . insurance scott ettien from ncm , lynda clemmons from element re and pat toner goudarzi from ace , on credit insurance , weather - risk insurance and innovative insurance products , respectively exchanges monte simpson of intercontinental exchange and brad leach of nymex on the growth in the use of exchanges . credit susan abbott of moody ' s on evolving credit standards in our industry markets kevin t . howell , president , dominion energy clearinghouse , dave freeman of panda and mike young of aquila on the state of various aspects of the power markets . and more ! cabell poindexter of wyndham mills on job prospects ! john obrien of skipping stone on the outlook for transmission ! henwood on outlook for powerplant construction ! adrian palmer of caminus corp on european markets ! click here to download a complete conference brochure featuring experts from : dominion energy clearinghouse panda energy aquila , inc . moody ' s investor services skipping stone nymex california iso ice ncm americas henwood energy services element re caminus corporation wyndham mills international fundamentals of power marketing ( preconference seminar ) on april 16 , scott spiewak will be repeating his " fundamentals of power marketing " preconference seminar . essential for the new industry participant , it is also a valuable overview for the industry professional . risk transparency workshop ( postconference workshop ) in this workshop , mark griffith director , strategic risk analysis henwood energy services , inc will teach you how to apply this concept of risk transparency to your company ' s energy portfolio . this will include : * an assessment of how portfolio risk is measured and communicated today * what more is being demanded by the investment community * key risk metrics that can explain your companies risk position * a detailed approach to measuring and communicating your company ' s portfolio risk , utilizing a case study that takes you through the vital steps of data collection , measurement and presentation of results click here to download a complete conference brochure : this email has been sent to michelle . lokay @ enron . com , by powermarketers . com . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy : http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / ccprivacypolicy . jsp powered by constant contact ( r ) www . constantcontact . com this email has been sent to michelle . lokay @ enron . com , by powermarketers . com . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy : http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / ccprivacypolicy . jsp powered by constant contact ( r ) www . constantcontact . com 
2	Subject: draft - offsite in april 4 - 9 . ppt here  , s the latest . recent efforts have focused on clarifying the  & who , what , how , when , why and where  , s  8 of the project . please direct your feedback to me . thanks , fred 5 - 9323 
2	Subject: application due bait - excelled @ em . ca 3000 a week to start + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + bait - excelled @ em . ca bait - excelled @ em . ca see how much money you can make in a week ! see here for more information . + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from sweepsensations . com . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from sweepsensations . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: help needed ? be burdened no more . . hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 325 , 000 for as little as $ 613 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or re - finance . please click on this link for a no - cost consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , boyd evansfuture pref here  
2	Subject: fw : update : recommendations from 9 / 18 meeting on transaction expense controls / delegations of authority did you know this ? we will look into it . wes - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hodges , georganne sent : tuesday , september 25 , 2001 10 : 45 am to : colwell , wes subject : fw : update : recommendations from 9 / 18 meeting on transaction expense controls / delegations of authority see below - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vos , theresa sent : tuesday , september 25 , 2001 9 : 06 am to : pierce , jody ; hodges , georganne subject : re : update : recommendations from 9 / 18 meeting on transaction expense controls / delegations of authority are dash ' s required before any $ $ are spent , or is there a threshhold ? i don ' t think that jacoby gets dash ' s for any of his projects and he has spent over $ 1 mm on 4 of his florida sites . theresa - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pierce , jody sent : monday , september 24 , 2001 9 : 27 pm to : hodges , georganne cc : vos , theresa subject : re : update : recommendations from 9 / 18 meeting on transaction expense controls / delegations of authority could be related to the amount spent on the ft pierce project that we looked at last week . procedures look ok . i thought the developers were already responsible for dollars spent on projects . i guess the point about accounting setting up approved budget limits kind of addresses our responsibility when the spent amounts approach the limit . but theresa & i have had that discussion before . what do we do and who do we notify if we see the total spend approaching or passing the dashed amount . it shows up on the cost summarywe give the developer , but should we bring it to the attention of someone other than the developer ? based on the discussions thursday pierce , jody cc : subject : fw : update : recommendations from 9 / 18 meeting on transaction expense controls / delegations of authority any ideas on what prompted this or comments on the procedures ? ? ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : colwell , wes sent : mon 9 / 24 / 2001 3 : 25 pm to : hodges , georganne cc : subject : fw : update : recommendations from 9 / 18 meeting on transaction expense controls / delegations of authority we need to put this into action from a tracking point of view . this is a result of an over spent dash . any comment ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schneider , chip sent : wednesday , september 19 , 2001 9 : 24 pm to : kitchen , louise ; colwell , wes ; deffner , joseph cc : buy , rick ; gorte , david ; carson , rick l . subject : update : recommendations from 9 / 18 meeting on transaction expense controls / delegations of authority below please find a summary of recommendations from a meeting held tuesday between chip schneider , joe deffner and wes colwell . it is contemplated that these or similar recommendations will be implemented to control capital and other expenditures related to transaction development within the americas : regional managers within the americas ( east , west , canada , mexico , south america ) shall be generally accountable for capital expenditures and other expenses associated with transaction development in their respective regions . the regional manager shall designate one transaction leader ( director level or higher ) for each individual transaction under consideration and shall be accountable to the regional manager . the transaction leader or regional manager shall be the only parties authorized to obligate enron or its affiliates under any contract or to transfer money . legal shall provide copies of all draft documents to accounting , global finance and underwriting . the deal leader shall be responsible for drafting initial dash , seeking buy - in from management and establishing a time - table for expenditure approval . the initial draft of the dash and economic model shall be provided to underwriting at least ten business days prior to any movement of money ( more time may be necessary if financing or ene bod approval is required ) . legal shall provide a final legal risk memorandum to underwriting prior to circulation of dash . global finance shall provide a final fash to underwriting prior to circulation of dash . underwriting shall be responsible for dash circulation . underwriting shall promptly provide accounting with fully executed dash to set approved budget limits . accounting shall keep records of all expenditures , maintain responsibility for approved budget compliance and sign - off on all contracts and money transfers prior to execution . let me know what further thoughts you have . regards , chip schneider 713 - 853 - 1789 ecn 2864 
2	Subject: ets salutes as we continue our salute to the ets employees nominated for the 2000 chairman ' s award , please join me in congratulating : robert l . " bob " johnson rich jolly hasan kedwaii greg lewis teb lokey bob , senior facilities planner in omaha , demonstrates a zeal for excellence in his work and in his desire to meet customers ' needs . bob ' s efforts towards revenue management goals , expansion projects , and development of new tools are direct contributions to enron ' s goals . rich , regional director for transwestern in albuquerque , doesn ' t demand respect , but earns it by deeply caring for all those who work under him . many times he may be required in the field at 7 : 00 am and may have to drive 3 - 4 hours to get to the location , but he is always there . he believes in open communications and never holds back information unless it is confidential . rich doesn ' t point out anyone ' s faults , but suggests ways to improve , then assures all the resources are there to make the improvement . hasan , manager of it development in houston , is always honest and sincere in letting customers know what can and cannot be accomplished by his group . he does not promise what cannot be delivered . hasan listens respectfully to everyone ' s viewpoints and replies courteously with a full explanation of why he agrees or disagrees with their ideas . greg , manager of it non - development in houston , is open , honest and sincere with customers and vendors , along with being a good negotiator . greg listens to his employees and passes information along to keep employees updated on projects . teb , director of rates and tariffs in houston , can always be depended on . when he commits to do something , it will be done . teb does his part , and keeps others on track to get their part completed within the deadline and often helps others in a bind to get the job done . again , please join me in congratulating bob , rich , greg , hasan and teb . stan 
2	Subject: promotion vince : just a short note to congratulate you on your well - deserved promotion . jordan 
2	Subject: v - i - a - g - r - a is lousy ? ? ? xta 3 hk paliourg wanted to try cialis but thought it was way too expensive for you ? you can do that now ! c . i . a . l . i . s at only $ 2 . 00 per dose . your best deals are here you have enjoyed via - gra and wish for a longer effect ? cia - lis can make it happen . un - believable ! cia . lis at only $ 2 . 00 per dose say no ! to planning s . e . x for hours in advance and your disappointment after " a missed dose " . you don ' t have to be content with a four hour action of an regular pill . get cia . lis now to ensure the whole day of joyful sex . ual intimacy for you and your partner . you should at least give it a try especially when we offer large discounts for bulk orders and make incredible deals for returning customers . get it now 8 ksjdhrdqwuzx 2 f 5 funuksocytjbr 
2	Subject: weekend noms / actual flow we agree - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa jones / texas utilities on 02 / 12 / 2001 11 : 29 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kponton @ duke - energy . com on 02 / 12 / 2001 11 : 02 : 00 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu cc : subject : weekend noms / actual flow date nom actual flow 2 / 09 / 01 46 , 667 48 , 029 2 / 10 / 01 40 , 000 41 , 315 2 / 11 / 01 55 , 833 56 , 895 volumes are in mmbtu ' s 
2	Subject: clinical disorders canadian generics ambienviagraxanax phenterminevaliumpaxil . . . . huge savings . . . www . passsmmk . com / price . asp ? id  jnl  
2	Subject: hplc / tglo deals darren : i have a request from jim coffey that i hope you can help me with . he wants to know the cost of supplying the gas to the glo . i can follow the ena deals in path manager , but i am having a hard time with the hplc deals . it looks like we were using gas from the 215 contract . i can ' t tell , though , how the gas got to the 215 . can you tell me where we got the supply for hplc to sell and at what price ? i need to know for jan through may . the glo deal numbers are below , if you need them . megan jan 01 547201 feb 01 591307 mar 01 640685 apr 01 692167 may 01 755787 
2	Subject: want to accept credit cards ? 126432211 aredit cpproved no cecks do it now 126432211 
2	Subject: approval is overdue : access request for stephen . bennett @ enron . com this request has been pending approval for 5 days and you are the alternate . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000003991 approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com request create date : 10 / 3 / 00 12 : 31 : 22 pm requested for : stephen . bennett @ enron . com resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: re : status steve , welcome back . let ' s have coffee asap and review all the projects under way . vince from : stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 40 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : status hi vince , winston is telling me that he has started a serious of presentations to certain members of your group to help everyone better understand the various components that have been documented . how is that going from your perspective ? . . . . . . are your people getting anything out of it ? also , the var documentation was completed last week , and i ' ve just asked for a full printed copy of it to be created mand given to your department . i ' ve just engaged a small team to document the credit reserve model as a final piece and then we are done with the core documentation . regards steve 
2	Subject: transwestern i believe john milar works for eric gadd . he has spoken with a couple of my guys about developing a lm 2500 at one of transwestern ' s compressor stations . despite what i told eric a couple of months ago , they seem to be moving forward . they have received pricing from eeos and asked bill williams in our tech services group to check the eeos numbers . i will look into it further and report back . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: hpl nom for may 10 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 510 . xls ) - hplno 510 . xls 
2	Subject: re : draft aep agreement ( another ) here is another incorporating recent ideas elizabeth sager 713 - 853 - 6349 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sager , elizabeth sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 11 : 11 am to : bradford , william s . ; kitchen , louise ; st . clair , carol cc : portz , david subject : draft aep agreement ( rough ) rough first draft . i ' ll come down soon . thanks > elizabeth sager 713 - 853 - 6349 
2	Subject: california update 7 / 25 / 01 - - - - meeting w / assembly on its latest version of edison mou adding to kristin ' s update , here ' s the summary of a meeting that just occured with assembly leadership staff and industry on the assembly ' s latest version of an " edison mou " : the speaker ' s staffer said that if he had to bet at this time , he would bet that the assembly would not convene on friday . he also said that , if it doesn ' t happen on friday , nothing will happen until they get back from recess on the 20 th of august . the assembly will let folks know by tonight or first thing tomorrow whether they intend to move forward with a vote on friday or recess . from the most recent proposal released today by the assembly leadership , it appears that the centrist democrats are prevailing . the proposal : retains direct access ( though they said that they are continuing to be pressured by the treasurer , who wants da suspended due to the bond issuance ) places 80 % of edison ' s past debt with large customers ( leaving 20 % with small customers , which business customers or strenuously opposing ) . eliminates all references to any purchase , or option to purchase , edison ' s transmission . ( they said there simply ain ' t the votes to buy , or consider buying , edison ' s transmission in the assembly ) maintains the senate provision , which would pay the banks , pay the qfs , but place with edison the risk of figuring out how to pay the $ 1 billion owed to suppliers . ( even the munis are begining to complain about those provisions . ) creates a tradeable , renewable portfolio standard ( conceptually similar to the one created in texas ) . the new bill is created by 1 ) amending sb 78 and 2 ) gutting a different bill passed from the senate to the assembly , sb 39 , and replacing it with the new version of 82 xx . the two would go together to create the assembly ' s newest proposal . if this bill gets voted out of the assembly , it will likely have a difficult time getting the votes necessary to pass in the senate , since the senate has considered and rejected several provisions currently included in the assembly version . will report back on whether the assembly ' s going forward or adjourning for recess as soon as we hear . best , jeff - - - - - forwarded by jeff dasovich / na / enron on 07 / 25 / 2001 06 : 26 pm - - - - - kristin walsh / enron @ enronxgate 07 / 25 / 2001 04 : 30 pm to : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , louise kitchen / enron @ enronxgate , david w delainey / hou / ees @ ees cc : christopher f calger / enron @ enronxgate , christian yoder / enron @ enronxgate , steve c hall / enron @ enronxgate , mike swerzbin / enron @ enronxgate , phillip k allen / enron @ enronxgate , jeff dasovich / na / enron @ enron , chris gaskill / enron @ enronxgate , mike grigsby / enron @ enronxgate , tim heizenrader / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / enron @ enronxgate , steven j kean / enron @ enronxgate , rob milnthorp / enron @ enronxgate , kevin m presto / enron @ enronxgate , claudio ribeiro / enron @ enronxgate , richard shapiro / enron @ enronxgate , james d steffes / enron @ enronxgate , mark tawney / enron @ enronxgate , scott tholan / enron @ enronxgate , britt whitman / enron @ enronxgate , lloyd will / enron @ enronxgate , alan comnes / enron @ enronxgate , rogers herndon / enron @ enronxgate , james w lewis / hou / ees @ ees , don black / hou / ees @ ees , kelly holman / enron @ enronxgate , mark dana davis / hou / ect @ ect , fletcher j sturm / enron @ enronxgate , doug gilbert - smith / enron @ enronxgate , richard b sanders / enron @ enronxgate , andrew edison / enron @ enronxgate , kelly holman / enron @ enronxgate , nancy turner / enron @ enronxgate , tim belden / enron @ enronxgate , john brindle / enron @ enronxgate , david cromley / enron @ enronxgate subject : california update 7 / 25 / 01 p . 3 details are still rough and the situation is very fluid , but here is what is currently going on : senators hertzberg and keeley are amending both sb 78 xx and ab 82 xx . upon an initial read , it appears that they are doing the following : ? ab 82 xx has been gutted except for the direct access provisions and the renewables portfolio . ( the core / non - core business provisions , the transmission asset purchase , etc . all appear to have been deleted . ) both of these provisions that have been left in the bill were seen as positive by members last week when the bill was first debated . ? it appears amendments have been made to sb 78 xx but the extent of these changes are not yet known . ? at the beginning of both amended bills , it states , " as proposed to be amended into sb _ xx . " this means that amendments to sb 78 could be incorporated into ab 82 , and vice versa . another possibility is an entirely new bill . 
2	Subject: re : buyback / deficiency deals worksheet the equistar deal 156337 is the sale and swing all in one . i only have two deals for this counterparty , one for the sale and one for the buyback . from : robert e lloyd 04 / 05 / 2000 02 : 23 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect subject : buyback / deficiency deals worksheet please make the following changes and redistribute your worksheet . thanks ! 1 ) . please update equistar " swing " sitara ticket # as : 156337 . equistar " sale " should reflect " various " due to the different deals associated with this counterparty . 2 ) . valero marketing & supply " undertake " sitara ticket # ' s are as follows : mtr . 981394 . . . . 148396 mtr . 988018 . . . . 148381 mtr . 981233 . . . . 148388 3 ) . valero marketing 981233 . . . 148384 ; 988018 . . . 148376 
2	Subject: rights of interested parties notice notice : regulations require enron to meet certain irs qualification requirements , and to provide the attached information to employees participating in the qualified plans . in addition to attaching informational documentation here , we have also sent , via postal mail , the following notices to the names of those employees participating in the plans 1 ) interested parties ' rights to information and rights to notice and comments ; 2 ) notices to interested parties for the enron employee stock ownership plan , 3 ) the enron savings plan , and 4 ) the enron cash balance plan 
2	Subject: re : cost / revenue information the below email is in regards to the cost charts sheri asked that i provide to greg piper . the comment , " the goal for us is to put the information into a form that i can share with potential external counterparties on tuesday " is why i am forwarding the email to you . i will dig deeper to understand the purpose . also , sally the gas chart is for both financial and physical and the increase in cost for february is due to social security and unemployment taxes . these cost were incorrectly recorded to our cost centers and will be reversed during march . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james scribner / corp / enron on 04 / 02 / 2001 10 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : rex shelby / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 31 / 2001 03 : 38 pm to : sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , david berberian / enron @ enronxgate cc : james scribner / corp / enron @ enron , rex shelby / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : cost / revenue information hi sheri - - i hope your mom ' s surgery went fine . thanks for pulling the info together . i have meetings on monday until 3 pm , but i believe that david can get together with you on monday morning . perhaps david can pull in someone else from our team also . the goal for us is to put the information into a form that i can share with potential external counterparties on tuesday . thanks again for your help . - - rex - - - - - original message - - - - - from : thomas , sheri sent : friday , march 30 , 2001 1 : 47 pm to : berberian , david ; shelby , rex cc : scribner , james subject : cost / revenue information dave / rex - we have put together some information for you all . unfortunately , i need to leave for the day ( my mom is in surgery this afternoon ) . can we get together first thing monday ? please leave me a voice mail as i will be checking in today and will have my assistant set something up . thanks sheri 
2	Subject: today ' s special : amazing penetrations no . 17 29264 get 12 free vhs or dvds ! click here for details ! we only have high quality porno movies to choose from ! " this is a very special , limited time offer . " get up to 12 dvds absolutely free , with no commitment ! there ' s no better deal anywhere . there ' s no catches and no gimmicks . you only pay for the shipping , and the dvds are absolutely free ! take a peak at our full catalog ! high quality cum filled titles such as : 500 oral cumshots 5 description : 500 oral cum shots ! i need hot jiz on my face ! will you cum in my mouth ? dozens of dirty hardcore titles such as : amazing penetrations no . 17 description : 4 full hours of amazing penetrations with some of the most beautiful women in porn ! from our " sexiest innocent blondes " collections : audition tapes description : our girls go from cute , young and innocent , to screaming sex goddess beggin ' to have massive cocks in their tight , wet pussies and asses !  
2	Subject:  9 received : from 55 . 240 . 132 . 191 by 217 . 129 . 64 . 201 ; tue , 23 mar 2004 20 : 33 : 35 - 0400 message - id : @ ameritech . net from : rhonda madrid mklhbi @ rogers . com reply - to : rhonda madrid mklhbi @ rogers . com to : vangelis @ iit . demokritos . gr cc : paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr , acai 99 @ iit . demokritos . gr , vasvir @ iit . demokritos . gr 8 subject : [ spam ? ] fwd : better approved than hospitals . on - time delivery . v : @ gra . | xanax | . val ~ i ~ um . v ~ | codin . zjsbskve date : wed , 24 mar 2004 05 : 33 : 35 + 0500 x - mailer : aol 5 . 0 for windows us sub 510 mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / alternative ; boundary  - - 5482930460129096 x - priority : 5 x - msmail - priority : low x - ip : 22 . 168 . 158 . 193 - - - - 5482930460129096 content - type : text / html ; content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable ! doctype html public - / / w 3 c / / dtd html 4 . 01 transitional / / en http : / / www  . w 3 . org / tr / html 4 / loose . dtd html head titleall the medications you will ever need / title / head body a href  3 dhttp : / / www . populardrugs . bizimg src  3 dhttp : / / populardrugs . bi  z / viz / 1 . gif border  3 do / a / body / html - - - - 5482930460129096 - -  
2	Subject: re : remote offices the new york 780 3 rd ave office is closed and has been inventoried . i am now working on the removal of the it equipment . the 520 madison office is leased under mg metals and only a few ena employees remain at that location . chicago , montreal and toronto include some mg people and i am hoping to have some clarity on these locations early in the new year . i appreciate your assistance paula corey - - - - - original message - - - - - from : miller , don ( asset mktg ) sent : wednesday , december 19 , 2001 8 : 00 pm to : kitchen , louise ; shepperd , tammy r . ; colwell , wes cc : mccarthy , lance ; corey , paula ; helton , susan subject : re : remote offices what about toronto and new york ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , december 19 , 2001 6 : 23 pm to : shepperd , tammy r . ; colwell , wes cc : mccarthy , lance ; corey , paula ; helton , susan ; miller , don ( asset mktg ) subject : re : remote offices ok please check with don miller too . netco does not want san francisco going forward and probably not chicago . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shepperd , tammy r . sent : wednesday , december 19 , 2001 4 : 25 pm to : colwell , wes ; kitchen , louise cc : mccarthy , lance ; corey , paula ; helton , susan subject : remote offices we have asked epsc to pay the following leases for the month of january based on feedback from ena commercial leadership . my understanding is that we may still reject these leases under the bankruptcy if we do so by feb 2 . i will revisit the status of these leases with you before february rents are to be paid . calgary portland san francisco chicago denver i have also been contacted by paula corey , who is working on the enterprise strategy for the retrieval and disposition of remote office contents in the event any of these offices are closed . i will keep you posted on the recommendations . regards , tammy 
2	Subject: ppa auction the government of alberta power purchase arrangement auction of the regulated generation plants and units commenced wednesday , august 2 nd , and will continue through a number of rounds over a number of days and possibly weeks . enron canada power corp . ( ecpc ) , a wholly - owned subsidiary of enron canada corp . , is an invited bidder participating in the auction . for strategic corporate purposes and as a result of restrictions imposed under the auction participation agreement and the auction rules ( compliance with which is secured by a us $ 27 mm bid deposit ) , any information , details or speculation regarding ecpc ' s involvement in the auction , including whether ecpc is participating or continuing to participate in the auction or has withdrawn from the auction at any time , the plants or units ecpc is or is not bidding on , the amounts ecpc is bidding or is approved for bidding , and any other information whatsoever about the auction process is to be kept strictly confidential . in particular , the auction has been followed closely by the media and may be of interest to shareholders , investors and other constituents , and such communications are prohibited until after the auction has been completed and the winning bidders have been announced by the government of alberta . if you have any questions or concerns , please contact peter keohane , enron canada corp . , at 403 - 974 - 6923 or peter . keohane @ enron . com . 
2	Subject: production mini - plants in mobile containers . co - investment program the financial news , may 2002 production mini - plants in mobile containers . co - investment program " . . . science network will supply to countries and developing regions the technology and the necessary support for the production in series of mini - plants in mobile containers ( 40 - foot ) . the mini - plant system is designed in such a way that all the production machinery is fixed on the platform of the container , with all wiring , piping , and installation parts ; that is to say , they are fully equipped . . . and the mini - plant is ready for production . " more than 700 portable production systems : bakeries , steel nails , welding electrodes , tire retreading , reinforcement bar bending for construction framework , sheeting for roofing , ceilings and faades , plated drums , aluminum buckets , injected polypropylene housewares , pressed melamine items ( glasses , cups , plates , mugs , etc . ) , mufflers , construction electrically welded mesh , plastic bags and packaging , mobile units of medical assistance , sanitary material , hypodermic syringes , hemostatic clamps , etc . science network has started a process of co - investment for the installation of small assembly plants to manufacture in series the mini - plants of portable production on the site , region or country where they may be required . one of the most relevant features is the fact that these plants will be connected to the world trade system ( wts ) with access to more than 50 million raw materials , products and services and automatic transactions for world trade . because of financial reasons , involving cost and social impact , the right thing to do is to set up assembly plants in the same countries and regions , using local resources ( labor , some equipment , etc . ) for more information : mini - plants in mobile containers by steven p . leibacher , the financial news , editor mini - plantas de produccion en contenedores moviles . programa de co - inversion " . . . science network suministrara a paises y regiones en vias de desarrollo la tecnologia y el apoyo necesario para la fabricacion en serie de mini - plantas de produccion en contenedores moviles ( 40 - foot ) . el sistema de mini - plantas esta diseado de forma que todas las maquinas de produccion van instaladas fijas sobre la propia plataforma del contenedor , con el cableado , tuberias e instalaciones ; es decir , completamente equipadas . . . y a partir de ese momento estn listas para producir . " mas de 700 sistemas de produccion portatil : panaderias , produccin de clavos de acero , electrodos para soldadura , recauchutado de neumaticos , curvado de hierro para armaduras de construccion , lamina perfilada para cubiertas , techos y cerramientos de fachada , bidones de chapa , cubos de aluminio , menaje de polipropileno inyectado , piezas de melamina prensada ( vasos , platos , tazas , cafeteras , etc . ) silenciadores para vehiculos , malla electrosoldada para la construccion , bolsas y envases de plastico , unidades moviles de asistencia medica , material sanitario ( jeringas hipodermicas , pinzas hemostaticas , etc . ) science network ha puesto en marcha un proceso de co - inversion para la instalacion de pequeas plantas ensambladoras para fabricar en serie las mini - plantas de produccion portatil , en el lugar , region o pais que lo necesite . una de las caractersticas relevantes es el hecho de que dichas plantas quedaran conectadas al sistema del comercio mundial ( wts ) con acceso a mas de 50 millones de mercancias , materia primas , productos , servicios y las operaciones automaticas de comercio internacional . resulta obvio que por razones economicas , de costes y de impacto social , lo apropiado es instalar plantas ensambladoras en los mismos paises y regiones asi como utilizar los recursos locales ( mano de obra , ciertos equipamientos , etc . ) para recibir mas infromacion : mini - plantas de produccion en contenedores moviles steven p . leibacher , the financial news , editor if you received this in error or would like to be removed from our list , please return us indicating : remove or un - subscribe in ' subject ' field , thanks . editor 2002 the financial news . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: surprising you ' ve waited long enough . hungary at this site you can find terrific gifts for spring and summer . many styles ! shop from our vast collection of handbags , watches , sterling jewelry today omega , rolex , ap , oris , gucci , cartier , breitling , tag , rado , iwc , tissto , v . c , patek . p , mont blanc , bvgari , panerai , a . lange @ sohne , hermes , movado , longines , lv , maurice l , technomarine , christian dior , fendi , dkny , chanel , baune & mercier , ebel , concord , corum , piaget , jaeger lec , chopard , girard - p , titoni , tudor , breguet , blancpain , franck muller , dunhill , versace , zenith , calvin klein ( let it go ) holding on to yesterday , it will never be the same cinderfella flirtari ecoglasnost q 2 expropri four - conductor we know what to dowe know what to dohey hey hey we know what youre doinrev it up no lead 
2	Subject: you can start saving nab re - finance now , even with bad - credit ! * best re - finance rate for credit challenged . * best customer service * lowest interest - rates in years * save xl 00 - i 400 per month our easy application only takes 1 minutes . visit here for more information - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to opt out from our mailing list , please follow this link .  
2	Subject: patty pyrometer flub budget mince aboveground want a prescription medication ? find it here ! a whole variety of pills ! have a look ! you won ' t believe our prices ! sanderson backbone icelandic staff tonsil shortage adequacy anhydride irrelevant affluent variac acclaim club curtail elapse deluge sombre strenuous knack dickson empty atlanta anomalous flautist foxhall hilltop brainchild parimutuel bayda  
2	Subject: institutional investor journals profile update confirmation thank you for updating your ii journals profile information . changes to your user id , password and e - mail address have been made . please allow 24 hours for any other changes you ' ve made to take effect in our system . here is the profile information we have for you : account number : 12973228 first name : vince last name : kaminski company name : enron corp position : managing director department : address 1 : 1400 smith st eb 1962 address 2 : city : houston state : tx zip code : 77002 - 7327 country : usa phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 3848 extension : fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 2503 foreign phone : foreign fax : email : vkamins @ enron . com user id : vkaminski password : italia 
2	Subject: saturday frontier energy payback real time traders , this saturday 7 / 28 frontier needs to repay bpa for control area reserves that where used on 6 / 30 and 7 / 21 . the total frontier owes is 32 mw . i ' ve arranged with bpa to return 2 mw on peak for saturday . however , this payback needs to be done real time as bpa ' s ability to take the energy is dependant on their system operations . the real time procedure is as follows : 1 ) call the bpa real time power scheduler at 503 - 230 - 3341 around 0400 or 0500 and tell him you are calling to schedule energy imbalance paybacks from frontier energy for 2 mw on peak . if bpa can take the schedule try to get them to commit to take all 16 hours . then call bpa real time transmission and buy a 2 mw wheel using account # 805608 for energy imbalance paybacks to bpa merchant . if bpa is unable to take the 2 mw schedule for any hour please sell it real time for the best price in the northwest . 2 ) in enpower enter a buy from frontier at zero price and note in the comments section that this is a energy imbalance payback deal . enter a sale to bpa at zero price and note in the comments section that this is a energy imbalance payback deal . extend bpa transmission deal 704168 to include the additional 2 mw . call me if there are questions or problems . we tried to do this payback last saturday and the energy just went inadvertent for 3 hours because we didn ' t call bpa . les 
2	Subject: cornhusker - gas management i thought it might be helpful to summarize the next steps we agreed are necessary to put a " gas agency " agreement in place between the texas desk and ponderosa pine energy , llc . mazowita and farmer to work with plant manager ( mike gough ) to determine : how power schedules are received from brazos and translated into fuel requirements the plant ' s operating flexibility to use fuel oil over natural gas how the use of fuel oil is built into the dispatch / operation decision the degree to which the plant has historically been involved with fuel suppliers beyond tgc ( i . e . , apache , williams , lone star ) mazowita and farmer to work with tgc ( nancy stivers ) to determine : how gas schedules are received from the plant why there were structural differences between the apache / williams fuel supply agreements and the tgc agency agreement tgc ' s experience with optimizing value under the fuel supply agreements farmer to determine if a " form agreement " is available within ena for transactions of this nature lyons / hill to determine ( a ) if there is a need to have the gas agency agreement at the project vs . holding company level and ( b ) if bank approvals are needed as a result of the new agreement lyons / mazowita / farmer to draft agency agreement griffith to determine the best means of handling " duel fuel " capability at the plant within ena as an aside , i passed the information that daren gave me in the meeting concerning the tax certificate for the use of fuel oil on to rhett jackson , who handled tax - related matters during the acquisition phase of this project . please keep me in the loop as these contacts are made and let me know how i can help . 
2	Subject: hey there sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big nairobi adhere fastidious harangue parliamentarian requited abbreviate beefsteak carbonic carrageen weep bereave hydrant jig ho doldrums gradate cherub retrogress babysitter aeneas accountant lambert mash millikan as cayuga ulan disposable pernicious where creating bassi larkspur dissociate mynheer actinolite decorate demitting scent therapeutic provision dortmund demigod super cure crutch knowhow rubble german jeffersonian slither bahrein calder amidst bordello obsession herself fisherman else abeyance catholic panty coach couple dave deprivation cobra scandal sputnik biometrika wheelchair soothe abrasive cobblestone watchband voracious lundberg rehearsal afro extroversion acts bright ignoramus dessert ligget shall guaranty appian stammer dollar malden blazon wean pluperfect camaraderie profit darken jansenist teasel dutchess derail eardrum metaphoric novosibirsk connect alden bates surprise coronary bertha crinkle passenger pivot rockefeller planetoid conceal houdini agglomerate successful cherish anamorphic dosage geraldine hypochlorous vt removemeplease  
2	Subject: lose your weight . new weightloss loses up to 19 % . hello , i have a special offer for you . . . want to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarantée ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - burns calorized fat . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 : http : / / adiprenl 2 . com / - - - - system information - - - - endorsement making called distinctions scenarios locale ] contains from han work subject provider ) each individuals requester more - general this several following contains employ expectations these does native allow manner relevant define lang place international will deterministic preferences means examples think exchanged relationship 
2	Subject: best online medication here economist spoken amputate clown ambidextrous hans formica steely get any prescription drug you want ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here heartfelt charcoal redbird bullwhack headstone pine anachronism  
2	Subject: grab this quick triple at its low newsletter - june issue 2 oo 5 in june ' s issue we are going to profile a stoc . k that is very much undervalued and is involved in the red hot homeland security sector . ground floor opportunity for everybody . this small treasure is : vnbl . ob ( vinoble , inc . ) the stoc . k is trading at only o . 09 - o . 10 cents and we expect it could hit $ o . 3 o - $ o . 35 by mid july . huge pr campaign expected this week so grab as much as you can up to $ 0 . 25 range stoc . k symbol : ( vnbl . ob ) current price : $ 0 . 09 we expect the price to go to $ o . 22 in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to $ o . 3 o in next 2 weeks . about the company : vinoble , inc . ( vnbl . ob ) is a holding company , which is identifying and acquiring operational business opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services to provide long term growth for its shareholders . vinoble believes that the opportunity to build a successful business in the security sector is unprecedented . the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2 ool have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , healthcare and government sectors . while the focus for vinoble is on north america , the opportunity for security services is worldwide . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2 oo 5 . vinoble intends to capitalize on the dramatic growth in the security market by delivering professional services , security products , security training , and managed security services . in pursuit of this objective , vinoble has assembled a highly qualified team of security professionals offering a full range of security services . through vinoble ' s consulting services and integrated delivery solutions , vinoble will help organizations protect key assets including persons , property , information , brand , and reputation . big news expected from this company in the next few days . this kind of news could really move this stock . stoc . k symbol : vnbl . ob current price : $ o . 09 we expect the price to go to $ o . 20 in next 2 - 3 days we expect the price to go to $ 0 . 25 in next 2 weeks . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stoc . ks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stoc . ks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . 
2	Subject: message subject 2005 edition united states healthcare database . pre - publication price of $ 195 . limited time . in a rapidly - changing industry , current healthcare information is an invaluable resource to businesses and organizations . the united states healthcare database includes comprehensive information on more than 7 , 000 hospitals , 25 , 000 nursing homes and 400 , 000 doctors . it is the most extensive and reliable mailing list and database of key decision makers in the health care market . each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone and fax . the database is available in excel format on cd rom . it is designed for mailing lists and merges . the data can be selected by state or other criteria such as type of practice . it can be used on an unlimited basis . price of $ 195 ( reg . $ 745 ) . bonus offer : free of charge order now and receive the american directory of 200 , 000 dentists on cd - rom free of charge ( $ 375 value ) . . ( each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone / fax , county , year licensed , type of practice , type of dentist as well as specialty . ) to order , please print this e - mail , complete the information below and fax it to 416 - 765 - 0029 ( tel : 416 - 765 - 0028 ) . name : title : organization : address : city : state : postal : tel : fax : email : medcom 4410 massachusettes ave . nw , # 201 washington , dc 20016 to be removed from the database please follow this link , http : / / notinuse . biz / takeoff / takeoff . html  
2	Subject: re : meeting andrew , i shall be glad to meet and discuss the project . it sounds intriguing . vince andrew miles @ enron 09 / 22 / 2000 01 : 34 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meeting hi vince ! maybe you remember me , my name is andrew miles and we worked together on a speech for jeff skilling this past july . i am hoping that i can get on your calendar for 30 minutes next week . i have been working with 3 other enron employees for the past 6 months , developing a comprehensive innovation acceleration process for use by potentially all enron employees - and we would really appreciate your input . we have presented the idea to quite a few people in the company , and some outside of the company ( strategos institute ) , all of which have really liked the idea and provided key input . many people have suggested that we run the idea by you . if you have some time next week , would you mind allowing me to explain our ideas to you ? i will follow up with a telephone call . all the best , andrew 
2	Subject: a better way is at handheldmed . com a new day has dawned . there is a better way ! introducing the new handheldmed website ! www . handheldmed . com whether you are a new customer or an old customer , we redesigned our new website with you in mind ! some of the new features you will find include : 1 . enhanced customer education a . 3 easy steps to become a handheldmed member . b . answers to common questions like ' what are ebooks ? ' what is the hhm mobipocket reader ? ' and ' how do i get started ? ' . c . online tours of handheldmed ebooks and the hhm mobipocket reader as they appear on palm , pocket pc , sony ericsson , symbian , and windows pc . see how it works before you even download a free trial . 2 . improved site navigation a . browse medical ebooks by operating system - palm os , pocket pc , sony ericsson , symbian , windows mobile , and windows pc . b . new ebook store front page for each operating system . 3 . seamless download , installation , and registration on windows pc and mac os a . tutorials guide you through the download , installation , and registration process step by step whether you ' re downloading a free trial or a purchased ebook . 1 . quicknav functionality allows users familiar with the process to skip steps . b . register once and only once regardless of how many ebooks you purchase . 4 . re - engineered on - line support structure a . new " ask technical support " form collects important information about your problem quickly and easily , providing you with more efficient support . 5 . shopping cart secured by verisign . e - book conversion to mobipocket handheldmed is also finishing up the conversion of our existing reference library from the ez reader format to the new standard in ebook platforms : mobipocket reader . note : as of january 1 , 2006 , handheldmed will no longer support the ez reader platform . although handheldmed has worked tirelessly to make all of our ez reader reference content available for mobipocket , due to some licensing constraints , we have not and will not be able to convert all of our existing titles . watch for more information on which of these titles this will affect . new titles coming out soon include : tabers 20 th ed . august 10 , 2005 harrisons manual of medicine 16 th ed . september 1 , 2005 the merck vet manual 8 th ed . september 10 , 2005 30 % off sale on top ten titles ! ! ! to celebrate our new website and web customer experience we are taking 30 % off all of our top 10 selling references for 30 days only ! these include : tabers 20 ( when available ) a to z drug facts 5 minute clinical consult 05 5 minute emergency consult 5 minute pediatric consult merck manual nqcd hodt 5 minute infectious disease cvmstat if you are a previous owner of an ez reader version of one of these books , you are eligible for even greater discounts . each of the titles that have been converted from ez reader to mobipocket ( eligible titles are highlighted in red above ) conversion price is only $ 25 ! ! check it out today ! ( conversion price applies to same version only ) patient tracker is back , and better than ever ! is your practice or organization looking for a low cost , integrated , robust , easy to use patient charting application for your desktop , network or handheld devices ? look no further ! patient tracker t is back and better than ever ! in april , 2005 shatalmic , llc signed an exclusive agreement with handheldmedr , inc . to take over development , sales and support for the patient trackerr line of products . with extensive experience in the hand held and desktop markets , shatalmic is the perfect partner with handheldmedr to develop new features and functionality for the patient tracker product family . new features and updates for the patient tracker suite include ; - updates and bug fixes for palm os version ; addresses most compatibility issues with newer devices . - new installer for pocketpc that works on newer devices enabling syncing to desktop - new installer for desktop pro soon to be released that will include updated microsoft sql server installation . product pricing : patient tracker handheld ( palm os , pocketpc or windowsmobile ) - $ 9 . 95 patient tracker desktop ( pro or lite ) - $ 299 . 00 , additional licenses $ 199 . 00 each . call tony pitman today ! @ ( 801 ) 336 - 4712 or email tony @ shatalmic . com . special group and institution volume pricing is available . if you want more information about patient tracker when new updates and features are available , please click here to be added to the patient tracker specific mailing list . shatalmic assures you that you will not receive spam email only patient tracker specific information . they do not sell your email address to anyone . they are very serious about privacy and this is totally an opt in mailing service . by signing up for email updates , you will be added to a list of users that will have the chance to participate in the patient tracker 2005 survey . this survey will help shape the future direction of patient tracker by the answers that users / customers give . about shatalmic llc . shatalmic , llc is a privately - held , software developer founded company headquartered in layton , utah . since 1977 , we have been working in the computer industry . shatalmic was formed in 1995 and was recently incorporated as an llc in 2004 . groups institutions for group or institutional volume discount pricing or any questions about the new features and functionality of these new handheldmed editions : please contact susan jones : susanj @ handheldmed . com every possible effort is made to send only to those on our subscriber list . if you received this message in error , please accept our apologies and select the following link immediately unsubscribe if that link fails , send an email to unsubscribe @ handheldmed . com  
2	Subject: re : times 2 filing units rachel , can you give us a delivery date on p . o . no . 0898 - 984503 ? thanks , pat anita dupont @ enron 03 / 08 / 2001 09 : 30 am to : pat scarborough / epsc / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : times 2 filing units pat : will you please notify me when these filing units are going to be delivered as we have to unload the lateral file cabinets that are currently in that room . also , will the men who deliver the times 2 units remove the lateral files ? thanks . anita - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita dupont / na / enron on 03 / 08 / 2001 09 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita dupont 02 / 21 / 2001 09 : 39 am to : pat scarborough / epsc / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : times 2 filing units pat : out co # is 0413 , rc # is 107043 . please deliver them to eb 19 c 2 . also , please let me know when they are going to be delivered as we have to unload the lateral file cabinets that are currently in that room . will the men who deliver the times 2 units remove the lateral files ? thanks . anita 
2	Subject: yes , you can use our ebay system  
2	Subject: better than viagra hi there , try our market leading product , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs . new improved formula makes it even better . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of v?agra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . worldwide shipping , thousands of happy customers ! you can get it at : http : / / visagraph . net / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / visagraph . net / rr . php  
2	Subject: dear customer , heres your free meds coupon dear customer , great news ! when you next order our discount meds , enter the coupon below and get 5 free generic viagra - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - coupon number : 98734 coupon value : 5 free generic viagra ( enter this in the box on the order page ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - we are the cheapest source of generic drugs on the internet , shop with us and save over 70 % ! ! - no prescription required ! - world wide shipping ! ! - private online ordering ! ! this offer vailid 1 week only , so redeem your coupon today so you dont miss out ! go here : no thanks : http : / / inc - cheap . com / rm . html  
2	Subject: [ ilug - social ] everybody gets paid - no recruiting needed everybody gets paid . no recruiting required . join and reserve a position for free now . program is 18 weeks old and it ' s paying . everybody gets in line to get paid by all the new people coming in ( but it ' s not a traditional straightline ) . . . everyone makes money . . . and those that sponsor make more . . . . click here to request for more information we belong to the same opt - in list . but if wish to have your email address remove from our database please click here - - irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: energy futures contracts project please respond to hi vince and jason : please find attached a copy of our project . thank you for an enjoyable and informative class . sincerely , rishad patel neeraj hingorani duane maue eric van stone john ganguzza grant johnson paulo yoshiura - . doc 
2	Subject: prescription meds to your door . among the net ' s only approved drug store and on line pharmacy . non - violence is the greatest force at the disposal of mankind . be sincere ; be brief ; be seated . to remark idly is the blind man ' s folly . poetry is to hold judgment on your soul . 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe lllustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , karie  
2	Subject: re : course instructor clare , i regret to inform you that i have to decline your invitation due to prior commitments on the same days . vince kaminski - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clare fitzgerald [ mailto : claref @ marcusevansch . com ] sent : monday , may 07 , 2001 8 : 48 pm to : ' vkamins @ enron . com ' subject : course instructor vince , i am writing in regards to an energy derivatives training course i am developing . i would like to invite you to be an instructor for the course . a preliminary agenda is attached . brett humphreys from risk capital management is teaching on day one , and i was wondering if you would be interested in covering all or part of day two . the topics outlined here can be modified based on your feedback . our training courses are structured for an interactive , classroom - type setting . we limit the audience to 25 people and bring in 2 - 3 instructors to cover the material over the course of two days . i will follow up but please let me know what you think . > thank you , clare fitzgerald director , training courses marcus evans 312 - 540 - 3000 x 6785 - agenda . doc > 
2	Subject: + + + prize award notification ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! from : the desk of the promotions manager , international promotions / prize award department att : sir / madam , final notice of award notification we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today 6 th june . 2005 , of winners of the flash fortune lotto south africa / international programs , held on 26 th feb . 2005 as part of our promotional draws . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 2 , 500 , 000 email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , canada , europe , middle east , and new zealand as part of our electronic business promotions program . you qualified for the draw as a result of you visiting various websites we are running the e - business promotions for . you / your company , attached to ticket number 100 - 309 - 7482 , with serial number 513 - 10 drew the lucky ! numbers 5 , 9 , 12 , 29 , 40 , 59 , 76 , and consequently won in the second category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 2 , 950 , 000 . 00 in cash , which is the winning payout for second category winners . this is from the total prize money of us $ 14 , 750 , 000 . 00 shared among the five international winners in the second category . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with the solid rock finance and security company insured in your name . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . we hope with a part of your prize , you will participate in our mid year ( 2006 ) high stakes us $ 1 . 3 billion international lottery . to begin your claim , please contact your cla ! im agent immediately ; mr fred brukes foreign service manager , solid rock finance solid _ rockfinltd @ financier . com alt : solid _ rockfinltdl @ yahoo . com for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than 18 th june . 2005 . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers provided below in every one of your correspondences with your claims agent . reference number : fls - zr 39 - 825 p - 4 batch number : 74 - 263 - bbn congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . sincerely , the promotions manager , flash fortune lotto south africa . 115 nordix ave . bryanston , 1762 johannesburg , south africa . n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail box . contact your claims agent through his email contact above . 
2	Subject: fw : california capacity report for week of 9 / 10 - 9 / 14 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 972 mmbtu / d ( 89 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 800 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 423 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 2036 mmbtu / d ( 70 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 590 mmbtu / d ( 52 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1250 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 922 mmbtu / d ( 74 % ) - socaltop , capacity 539 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 524 mmbtu / d ( 97 % ) friday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 2 . 27 ( - . 115 ) pg & e , large pkgs 2 . 13 ( - . 185 ) tw san juan 1 . 965 tw permian 2 . 145 ( - . 035 ) enron online bases : oct nov - mar apr - oct perm - ca . 085 ( - . 115 ) . 21 ( - . 12 ) . 24 ( - . 07 ) sj - ca . 29 ( - . 03 ) . 32 ( - . 09 ) . 49 ( - . 06 ) sj - waha . 225 ( + . 095 ) . 135 ( + . 035 ) . 285 ( + . 005 ) perm - waha . 02 ( + . 01 ) . 025 ( + . 01 ) . 035 ( - . 005 ) 
2	Subject: re : items requiring attention more information than you want . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bob m hall / na / enron on 04 / 02 / 2001 11 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : tommy yanowski / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 30 / 2001 12 : 27 pm to : " dbsimpson @ aep . com @ enron " @ smtp @ enronxgate , tyanows @ enron . com @ smtp @ enronxgate cc : dabanks @ aep . com @ smtp @ enronxgate , kdwissner @ aep . com @ smtp @ enronxgate , tjgoldstein @ aep . com @ smtp @ enronxgate , edward d gottlob / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , " sbjackson @ aep . com @ enron " @ smtp @ enronxgate subject : re : items requiring attention don : i tried to call you when i had a minute to discuss your note . i will respond to your questions in this email but we still need to talk asap . if you call back and get my phonemail please call me on my cell phone at 713 - 539 - 7094 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dbsimpson @ aep . com @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - dbsimpson + 40 aep + 2 ecom + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : friday , march 30 , 2001 6 : 56 am to : tyanows @ enron . com cc : dabanks @ aep . com ; kdwissner @ aep . com ; tjgoldstein @ aep . com subject : items requiring attention tommy - here are some items that we need some help from you to achieve : it has always been my understanding that there would be a complete separate instance of all required tables to run hpl ' s business and as a result we would be able to run all required enron software to maintain our business independent of enron . we have just been told that we will not have access to the customer tables to add new customers and that this must be accomplished through enron . if this is true , it is not acceptable . could we please discuss ? [ yanowski , tommy j . ] in our original proposal , when we offered up a long term service deal the fee structure covered us setting up a totally seperate environment for hpl / aep . it would take somewhere between $ 3 - $ 5 mm in hardware to duplicate our environment for hpl . you guys came back and said you just wanted something for an interim time period at a lower cost . it was then that we offered letting you use our applications running on our boxes and on the same database . most of our applications have enough application and database level security that we can keep enron ' s data seperate from hpl / aep ' s . there are two applications , erms & cpr where we felt it necessary to create a duplicate environment due to security concerns . remember security cuts both ways and we don ' t want you looking at enron ' s data just as much as you don ' t want enron looking at yours . never the less the hardware to run these two applications plus setting up the terminal server environment plus the resource time is costing us about $ 500 k . hence the charge for set up costs . there are three areas where enron and aep will be sharing data . they are in the global reference data area : global common codes : your codes for mmbtu and us dollars will be the same as ours . global facilities : your access to pipeline , meter numbers and drn numbers will be the same as ours . all of this information is public knowledge and is provided to us via ihs energy who is the gisb certified provider of this information to the industry . you will have the ability to update you own meter information . global counterparties : you will be sharing customer names and addresses such as those for settlements or statements with enron . we can identify within the counterparty system who uses which address . in that way we can filter the view to the business units so that they only see those customers that they deal with . the process for hpl / aep is the same that is used across enron . our retail business units only see their customers and ena only see theirs . the reason we only have one group updating this information is because if ees starts doing business with someone who is already a customer of ena then we wouldn ' t want to duplicate that customer information . it helps us roll up total credit exposure across enron for a customer . the people who update this information are seperate from the rest of the business units and are instructed not to share any customer information even though most of it is public knowledge if you look up that customer on the internet . let me know in detail what your concern is . the ena trading community will not know who your customers are and vice versa . they will not know what addresses you use and vice versa . there are only a few people across enron who can find out this information and they are enron net works employees who provide this service to all of enron as well as the 3 rd party customers we are providing it services for . you will have a web interface to view your own customer information and to request updates or additions . it looks like we will need access to dcaf in order to send out confirmations for physical contracts executed on behalf of hpl . do you foresee any problems with this ? [ yanowski , tommy j . ] we can provide confirms for those spot and 30 day deals that hit sitara and dcaf ii . all this is set up and is ready to go . long term and financial deals for enron also flow into tagg and into erms . it is from tagg that long term and financial confirmations are generated via dcaf i . i had been told that you will not be using erms for forward risk and would be confirming deals out of zainet so we did not set up a seperate tagg and dcaf i environment to go with the seperate erms and cpr environment needed for intramonth valuation . we need to talk about this asap . i need to understand what if anything you will be confirming out of zainet . if you want to change your mind this late in the game and let enron confirm everyting except for financial deals then i need to know asap so that we can begin scrambling to see if we can set this up in time . we actually have put in code to block generating hpl / aep confirms that now needs to be removed . also - i extended offers to ken ellerman and greg lind yesterday with a start date to be mutually determined and worked out between you and me . [ yanowski , tommy j . ] thanks for letting me know . have you communicated anything to dave stadnick . i probably need to talk to him and let him know how much we need him but it would be nice for me to know what he is aware of before i meet with him . kindest regards , don 
2	Subject:  your mortgage process is pre - approved , for rates starting at 3 . 25 % fixed . please use our secure site to fill - out your application . thank you , visit us at : http : / / perfectvgr . com / x / loan 2 . php ? id  sf r e m o v eh e r e 
2	Subject: http : / / www . squidball . com hello , i have visited www . squidball . com and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: enron mentions usa : enron shares in stay in doldrums after downgrade . reuters english news service , 10 / 29 / 01 usa : us companies ' credit quality to worsen - moody ' s . reuters english news service , 10 / 29 / 01 enron ' s lenders to demand harsher terms , analysts say ( updatel ) bloomberg , 10 / 29 / 01 usa : enron shares drop despite further triage attempts . reuters english news service , 10 / 29 / 01 usa : enron says in talks with banks for new credit line . reuters english news service , 10 / 29 / 01 usa : update 1 - enron says in talks with banks for new credit line . reuters english news service , 10 / 29 / 01 power points : enron may have to rethink asset - light focus dow jones energy service , 10 / 29 / 01 official correction enron long - term ratings downgraded to baa 2 - moody ' s afx news , 10 / 29 / 01 usa : moody ' s cuts enron to 2 notches above " junk " . reuters english news service , 10 / 29 / 01 uk : europe energy firms wary of enron on credit worries . reuters english news service , 10 / 29 / 01 bandwidth beat : enron puts spotlight back on broadband dow jones energy service , 10 / 29 / 01 usa : enron shares in stay in doldrums after downgrade . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - enron corp . ' s share price hovered above seven - year lows touched in earlier trade monday after moody ' s investor service cut the credit status of its senior unsecured debt of north america ' s largest energy trader to two ratings above junk status . enron , the largest electricity and natural gas trader in north america , also on monday said it was in talks with banks to expand its credit lines to ease financial concerns that have sent its stock slumping more than 50 percent in the past two weeks . enron shares were down $ 1 . 40 , or 9 . 03 percent , to $ 14 . 10 on the new york stock exchange , after earlier in the session trading below $ 14 for the first time since december 1994 . moody ' s also warned that it could cut the debt rating again , now downgraded to baa 2 , as well as its rating for the enron ' s commercial paper . enron ' s credit - worthiness will have a direct affect on its day - to - day trading operations and its trading partners ' perception of making good on trades . with a credit rating hovering above junk status , the cost of doing business will soar as trading partners look for increased collateral to back trades . last week enron shares lost almost $ 14 billion in market value as a series of piecemeal disclosures about the company ' s involvement in complex partnerships began to trickle out . investors have fled enron ' s stock in droves following disclosures that the company did off - the - balance sheet transactions with two limited partnerships run by former chief financial officer andrew fastow in deals the u . s . securities and exchange commission is now looking into for possible conflict of interest . enron compensated its partners in this off - balance sheet structure with the promise of enron shares , if the value of private investments in several of its units fell below a certain level . many industry observers see enron ' s request for additional credit , after the company tapped its banks for $ 3 . 3 billion last week , as a sign a weakness . " we are not of the opinion that drawing down all of one ' s backup bank lines is a demonstration of financial strength , but instead . . . it ' s an act of desperation , " said carol levenson , an analyst with independent research firm gimmecredit . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : us companies ' credit quality to worsen - moody ' s . by jonathan stempel 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - u . s . corporate credit quality is likely to grow much worse before it gets better , a leading credit rating agency said in a report issued on monday . moody ' s investors service said that in the third quarter , it put on review for downgrade its credit ratings for 122 u . s . companies . at the same time , it put on review for upgrade its ratings for just 22 companies . that 5 . 5 - to - 1 ratio is far greater than the 1 . 3 - to - 1 ratio in the second quarter . in dollar terms , the situation looks more dire . moody ' s warned it may downgrade $ 543 billion of debt , dwarfing the $ 66 billion moody ' s said it may upgrade by 8 . 2 - to - 1 . " particularly in light of september 11 , the fourth quarter will be particularly weak for credit rating changes , " said john puchalla , moody ' s senior economist . " a wide excess of rating reviews for downgrade over upgrades in the third quarter suggests credit deterioration will persist at least into early next year . " rating reviews are significant because , unlike actual rating changes , they are not a " lagging " indicator , and suggest the future direction of corporate credit . moody ' s normally wraps up its reviews within three months . u . s . corporate credit quality is falling for many reasons . these include the weakening u . s . economy , an inability of marginal companies to raise cash , debt - financed merger activity and fallout from the sept . 11 attacks on such industries as airlines , insurance , and travel . for example , moody ' s in july warned it may cut comcast corp . ' s ratings after the philadelphia - based company bid $ 44 . 5 billion for at & t corp . ' s cable tv operations . then last month , moody ' s warned it may cut chicago - based boeing co . ' s ratings because of the attacks ' potential impact on demand for commercial airplanes . in the third quarter , moody ' s warned it may cut its ratings of 54 speculative - grade , or " junk " - rated , companies , and raise the ratings of just 11 . for investment - grade companies , the gap was even more yawning : 68 - to - 11 . and in the fourth quarter ? through friday , moody ' s warned it may downgrade 47 companies and raise a mere four . on monday , it downgraded embattled energy trading giant enron corp . , and put all of its ratings on review for another downgrade . puchalla , however , said the decline could slow next year , in part because interest rates are low and companies are managing their balance sheets more conservatively . " lower borrowing costs and slowing debt growth should reduce debt servicing costs , and fiscal stimulus from the federal government should boost business revenues , " he said . " that is a positive for credit quality . " the third quarter was the 14 th in a row when corporate rating downgrades outpaced upgrades . the record is 19 quarters , set between 1988 and 1993 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron ' s lenders to demand harsher terms , analysts say ( updatel ) 2001 - 10 - 29 12 : 16 ( new york ) enron ' s lenders to demand harsher terms , analysts say ( updatel ) ( updates with analyst comment in fifth paragraph . ) houston , oct . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , which can ' t get low - interest , short - term loans , faces skeptical lenders who will demand increasingly harsher terms as the largest energy trader tries to get cash in the bank , credit analysts said . ` ` anyone providing new funding is going to be nervous , ' ' said sean egan , managing director at egan - jones ratings co . ` ` it ' s likely that lenders are going to demand collateral . ' ' enron is trying to get $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in loans from citigroup inc . , j . p . morgan chase & co . and other banks to calm investors after a 52 percent drop in the company ' s stock since oct . 17 , the wall street journal reported . the company needs cash every day to settle commodities transactions and to keep trading partners . the company on thursday tapped $ 3 . 3 billion in bank credit lines last week to pay off about $ 2 billion in commercial paper , or short - term corporate loans . a week ago , the enron said the u . s . securities and exchange commission had began an inquiry into related - party transactions . they cost the company $ 35 million and $ 1 . 2 billion in lost shareholder equity . ` ` banks are in the driver ' s seat , and enron is a little desperate , ' ' said peter petas , a debt analyst at creditsights inc . ` ` i think their interest rates for loans would go up . ' ' sells assets for cash companies in enron ' s situation often agree to other bank terms in order to secure loans , petas said . those can include agreeing to use proceeds from selling assets to pay debt and putting up assets as collateral . enron is attempting to sell assets to raise cash . two related partnerships , osprey and marlin , depend on selling power plants and similar assets to repay $ 3 . 3 billion borrowed to buy the plants . enron may have to pay any difference between the debt and sales proceeds . the company plans to complete the $ 2 . 9 billion sale of portland general electric , an oregon utility , to northwest natural gas co . next year . shares of houston - based enron fell $ 1 . 30 , or 8 . 4 percent , to $ 14 . 10 in midday trading . earlier , they touched $ 13 . 55 , down 12 percent . the company ' s credit rating was cut by moody ' s investors service after it wrote down the value of its assets . the stock had tumbled 80 percent in the past 12 months . - - russell hubbard in the princeton newsroom , 609 - 750 - 4651 usa : enron shares drop despite further triage attempts . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - enron shares slipped to a new six - year low in early trade as north america ' s largest natural gas and electricity trader said it was talking to banks about tapping additional credit lines to ease financial concerns that have sent its stock slumping more than 50 percent in the past two weeks . enron ' s shares were trading down 90 cents , or 5 . 8 percent , to $ 14 . 60 in early morning trade on the new york stock exchange . shares crashed through $ 15 , a low not seen since february 1995 . last week , enron shed almost $ 14 billion in market value as its stock price tumbled more than half since last week , when a series of piecemeal disclosures about its involvement in complex partnerships began to trickle out . however , many industry observers see enron ' s request for an additional credit after tapping its banks for $ 3 . 3 billion last week after as a sign a weakness not of strength . " we are not of the opinion that drawing down all of one ' s backup bank lines is a demonstration of financial strength , but instead . . . it ' s an act of desperation , " said carole levenson , research analyst with independent research firm gimmecredit . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron says in talks with banks for new credit line . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - energy trading giant enron corp . said on monday it is in talks with banks for additional credit , in a move to shore up investor confidence . enron declined to comment on the size of the credit line , which banks it is in talks with and when it expects to complete an agreement on a new credit line . " we want to restore investor and market confidence and nothing instills confidence like cash , " said enron spokesman mark palmer . the wall street journal reported monday the beleaguered energy trader is negotiation with bank for a new credit line of between $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion to prop up share prices following last week ' s selling that sent shares plummeting . enron said it drew about $ 3 billion in new credit lines last week , and has a net cash liquid position in excess of $ 1 billion . enron shares sank 50 cents , or 3 . 2 percent , to $ 15 in early morning trade on the new york stock exchange . ( ( david howard sinkman , new york newsdesk 646 - 223 - 6094 ) ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 1 - enron says in talks with banks for new credit line . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - energy trading giant enron corp . said on monday it is in talks with banks for additional credit , in a new move to shore up investor confidence after it tapped about $ 3 billion in credit last week , and to stop a plunge in the company ' s stock that set new six - year lows . enron declined to comment on the size of the credit line , which banks it is in talks with and when it expects to complete an agreement on the new credit line . enron shares crashed through a psychological barrier of $ 15 a share , shedding $ 1 . 66 , or 10 . 65 percent , to $ 13 . 85 in early morning trade on the new york stock exchange . the stock has lost more than half of its value in the past two weeks , losing more than $ 14 billion in market capitalization . " we want to restore investor and market confidence and nothing instills confidence like cash , " said enron spokesman mark palmer in houston . enron shares have tumbled since the company reported its first - quarterly loss in more than four years on oct . 16 . the company also wrote down $ 1 . 2 billion in equity , including transactions with partnerships formerly run by its chief financial officer who was forced to step down from enron last week . the sell - off was sparked by investor concern about the transparency of the transactions , which the securities and exchange commission is examining . enron last week replaced cfo andrew fastow as part of efforts to restore investor confidence . the wall street journal reported monday the beleaguered energy trader is negotiation with bank for a new credit line of between $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion to prop up share prices following last week ' s selling that sent shares plummeting . enron said it drew about $ 3 billion in new credit lines last week , and has a net cash liquid position in excess of $ 1 billion . " clearly , both the stock and bond market view enron as being in dire straits , " said independent research firm gimme credit analyst carol levenson . " we are not of the opinion that drawing down all of one ' s backup bank lines is a demonstration of financial strength , but instead it ' s an act of desperation . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . power points : enron may have to rethink asset - light focus by mark golden 10 / 29 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) a dow jones newswires column new york - ( dow jones ) - on the face of things , it ' s hard to understand the stock market ' s headspinning reaction to enron corp . ' s ( ene ) revelation of some bad news in recent weeks . why the talk of a " death spiral " for north america ' s premier energy trading company ? the stock price of cisco systems inc . ( csco ) , for example , saw an almost identical drop over a similar 12 - month period . nobody questioned the viability of cisco . the difference is that over the past few years , enron has redefined itself as a company that runs on financial and intellectual muscle - not hard assets - and that focus is getting the company into trouble now that its credibility is in question . if you ' re buying network components , you can probably stand some ambiguity in the finances of your supplier . after all , you ' re buying something you can touch . but if you ' re buying power or gas , what you ' re really buying is a commitment to deliver . if your supplier doesn ' t come through when the market gets tough , you ' re left totally exposed . in enron ' s energy trading business , then , credibility at every level is critical . for now , enron looks to be more than viable . but the company ' s asset - light strategy might not be . gross profits from trading have shrunk to 1 . 65 % in the third quarter from 5 . 26 % in the first quarter of 1998 . meanwhile , asset - heavy energy companies like mirant corp . ( mir ) and calpine corp . ( cpn ) successfully use trading to optimize the performance of power plants and other infrastructure . two weeks ago , enron reported a $ 618 million third - quarter loss , resulting from $ 1 . 01 billion in write - offs . that didn ' t send investors running , however . in fact , its stock price rose a bit on the news . what hurt was the disclosure that enron had reduced its net assets , or " shareholders ' equity , " by $ 1 . 2 billion as a consequence of unwinding positions in partnerships headed by former chief financial officer andrew fastow . that , along with warnings of possible downgrades by credit ratings agencies and an inquiry by the securities 201 - 938 - 4604 ; mark . golden @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . official correction enron long - term ratings downgraded to baa 2 - moody ' s 10 / 29 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd ( moody ' s corrected its stance on enron ratings to a downgrade ) new york ( afx ) - moody ' s investors service said it has lowered the senior unsecured long - term debt ratings of enron corp from baal to baa 2 following a deterioration in enron ' s financial flexibility since the company announced significant writedowns as well as equity charges in previously undisclosed partnership investments . the long - term debt ratings remain on review for further downgrade , moody ' s said . moody ' s also placed the company ' s prime - 2 rating for commercial paper on review for downgrade . moody ' s initially placed enron ' s long - term debt ratings on review on oct 16 . the write - downs and equity charges led to a substantial loss in investor confidence that has led to a more than halving of enron ' s share price and difficulties in rolling over commercial paper , according to moody ' s . in response to these events , moody ' s said enron has shored up its near - term liquidity position by drawing down on all of its committed revolving credit facilities and buying back its outstanding commercial paper , leaving the company with a net cash position of approximately 1 . 2 bln usd . moody ' s said it plans to focus on management ' s success in lining up further liquidity support and on their ability to retain credit availability from their major counterparties . aw / gc for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : moody ' s cuts enron to 2 notches above " junk " . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - moody ' s investors service on monday cut embattled energy trading giant enron corp . ' s senior unsecured debt rating to two notches above junk status , and warned it may cut that rating again , as well as its rating for enron ' s commercial paper . the rating agency cut houston - based enron ' s senior unsecured debt to " baa 2 " from " baal , " and said it may cut enron ' s " prime - 2 " commercial paper rating , which affects short - term debt . its rating actions affect $ 13 billion . moody ' s said enron is suffering from deteriorating financial flexibility since it announced big write - downs and equity charges from previously undisclosed partnership investments this month . this triggered " difficulties in rolling over commercial paper , " moody ' s said . enron , which has about $ 63 . 4 billion in energy assets , said on monday it is talking with banks to get more credit , after last week drawing down $ 3 billion from a bank credit line to buy back its outstanding commercial paper . its shares traded monday on the new york stock exchange at $ 13 . 75 , down $ 1 . 75 , or 11 . 3 percent . they have fallen 62 percent since oct . 12 , from $ 35 . 81 . rating agency , standard & poor ' s , on thursday revised its outlook for enron ' s ratings to " negative " from " stable . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk : europe energy firms wary of enron on credit worries . by stuart penson 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , oct 29 ( reuters ) - energy companies in europe are shying away from trading with troubled u . s . energy group enron amid concerns about the company ' s credit status , industry sources said on monday . several large energy groups have frozen their dealings with enron - one of europe ' s biggest gas and power traders - as they hold urgent talks with the u . s . group about setting up new credit arrangements , the sources said . " i think enron ' s approach is to get the major counterparties back on board as quickly as possible and then hope the smaller ones will follow , " said the head of risk management at one uk utility that halted its trade with enron last week . " they are talking with us about bank letters of credit , " he said . " the people that are still trading with them are doing so on a very restrictive basis . " a spokesman for enron ' s european headquarters in london headquarters declined to comment . reluctance to trade with enron in europe comes as the company tries to rebuild investor confidence after its stock hit five - year lows . triggering the slide was news last week the u . s . securities and exchange commission is investigating huge losses relating to a private equity operation run by its former chief financial officer . houston - based enron trades a large amount of its volume in the u . s . and europe through its internet enrononline system . last friday the company said trade on enrononline was above average levels with more than 8 , 400 transactions at a notional value of approximately $ 4 billion . traders said enron ' s plight could hit liquidity in european gas and power markets , where liberalisation has unleashed rapid growth in energy trading in the last couple of years . one industry source cited a brokers list showing eight companies in the uk electricity market had put on hold their trading enron , which is among the biggest five traders in the market . in mainland europe , where enron has been a major driver of liquidity , potential counterparties are treading with care . " we are avoiding them as counterparties - either by not trading with them or by using a ' sleeve ' ( a third party trader ) , " said a senior trader at one of germany ' s big utilities , who declined to be named . french traders said wariness about dealing with enron had dampened liquidity although enron was still in the market on monday morning . " enron is a major player so counter parties are looking to see if there is a problem , " said one french trader . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . bandwidth beat : enron puts spotlight back on broadband by michael rieke 10 / 29 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) a dow jones newswires column houston - ( dow jones ) - thanks to enron corp . ( ene ) , the broadband sector again looks like a place to make money . but it won ' t be traders who will cash in on this new potential . it will be class - action attorneys . they ' re already lining up to sue enron in at least five shareholder suits . as of oct . 25 , two of lawsuits had been filed against enron in federal court and three more in texas state court . most of them name as defendants ken lay , enron ' s longtime chairman , former chief executive jeff skilling and andrew fastow , enron ' s chief financial officer until he was put on leave of absence oct . 25 . still another suit , which isn ' t a class action suit , was filed naming as defendants members of enron ' s board of directors . all the lawsuits concentrate on private investment partnerships enron set up , many of them managed by fastow . most of the suits contend that it was a conflict of interest to have the fastow partnerships doing complicated hedging transactions with enron . the transactions named in the lawsuits involved billions of dollars of underperforming assets in broadband , water and other enron investments . fastow operated on both sides of some of those transactions . as enron ' s chief financial officer , he was being paid to manage the corporation ' s finances . as general partner of two ljm partnerships , he managed the counterparties to billions of dollars of trades with enron . he shared in profits of those partnerships . when investors began demanding information about the transactions , enron ' s share price began to slide . with the heat on , enron recently unwound the trades with the partnerships and booked $ 544 million related to losses from early termination of the deals , among other things . that ' s when the class action attorneys went to work . so far , at least 14 law firms are representing the plaintiffs . enron didn ' t respond to calls asking about the lawsuits . among the law firms representing plaintiffs is milberg weiss bershad hynes & lerach , which put out a news release announcing its lawsuit . the release points out that the firm has been responsible for recovering more than $ 30 billion from class action lawsuits . the lawsuits bring up questions about the bandwidth trading market . some of the deals with the ljm partnerships run by fastow " purportedly involved hedging transactions in the broadband market , " according to abrams and franks v . enron et al . that could tie into questions that have lingered in the bandwidth market for months . market skeptics have said enron and other energy companies are the only ones trading bandwidth . enron has reported that it has been trading with a growing number of counterparties , a total of 120 in the second quarter of this year , according to enron . now market watchers will want to know if any of enron ' s trades were done with the ljm partnerships managed by fastow . they will also want to know how many bandwidth trades were done with chewco investments . that houston company , according to a report in the wall street journal , was managed by michael kopper and was set up in 1997 when kopper was a managing director with enron ' s global equity markets group . he left enron earlier this year to work for partnerships run by fastow . do the plaintiffs ' attorneys know whether enron was trading bandwidth with any of those investment partnerships ? " i think if is too early to tell , " thomas bilek of hoeffner 713 - 547 - 9207 ; michael . rieke @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: clalis 5 for the price of 1 discount drugs . . . save 80 % every order ! we are the number one online retailler for dozens of medications . our customers save 80 cents out of every dollar , every time , compared to the industry price . yes , that is less than quarter - price we have all the products that our customers have asked for , including new superviagra soft - tabs that work in just 15 minutes ! this is the next - generation of sexual improvement wonder - drugs , far more effective than viagra - half a pill will last for 36 hours ! get all the information on superviagra here : http : / / uneaten . net / cs / ? aa our key to keeping customers satisfied is : easy ordering online save 80 % on regular price we have massive stocks of drugs for same day dispatch fast delivery straight to your door with discrete packaging we are the biggest internet retailler with thousands of regular customers no consultation fee no intimate questions or examinations no appointment no prior prescription needed private and confidential service please come by our shop , see for yourself the massive range of products that we have available . we do have the lowest price and huge stocks ready for same - day dispatch . two million customers can ' t be wrong ! see our full range at http : / / uneaten . net / ? aa  
2	Subject: account activated thank you for replying to the verification . congratulations , your listbot account has been activated ! you have been added to @ listbot . com . this is a discussion list . in order to send mail to the list , you need to address your message to : @ listbot . com when replying to list messages , use the " reply to all " feature of your email program to send the response back to the list . listbot puts you in control , letting you manage all of your list subscriptions from a single web site . if you ever want to unsubscribe from any listbot mailing list , please visit http : / / www . listbot . com / cgi - bin / subscriber and use the login info you provided at signup : e - mail : dfarmer @ enron . com listbot password : raw $ rho thanks ! sincerely , the listbot team http : / / www . listbot . com / 
2	Subject: defs purchase of teco pipeline effective february 1 , 2001 duke energy field services ( defs ) will begin operating teco pipeline under the name duke energy guadalupe pipeline inc . we are attempting to make this transition as seamless as possible with a minimum of changes . the only meter number change will be at the el paso field services waha header . in the past shippers have nominated at 00501723 whereas starting february lst you will nominate at 8000007 . for the time being , use the same nomination form you have used in the past . be sure to include both upstream and downstream contract numbers on your this form . attached is a file which will list , with a description , all the meters on the duke energy guadalupe pipeline . operational contacts are as follows : eileen ponton - senior representative marketing operations ( responsible for daily business ) office nbr : 713 - 627 - 6206 pager : 800 - 976 - 2802 fax : 713 - 627 - 6273 donna spencer - manager marketing operations ( will back up eileen ) office nbr : 713 - 627 - 6224 fax : 713 - 627 - 6273 gas control : 888 - 204 - 1781 ( staffed 24 hours / day , 7 days / week ) attached is a list of all contacts for the duke energy guadalupe pipeline . please remember february lst noms are to be faxed to defs , attn : guadalupe pipeline , at 713 - 627 - 6273 . if i can be of any further help , please do not hesitate to call me . ( see attached file : shipper meter list . xls ) ( see attached file : degp contact list . doc ) - shipper meter list . xls - degp contact list . doc 
2	Subject: paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr no priar prescripstion is . requirred . get your meds discretely now conjugate hello paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr , genax , hyodene , vlcium , onlo pricrip . is reqpped discur hoice turbine seller armco coney opt - out duplex baku elk bin miguel benzedrine irresolution pinochle louisa mclaughlin astute bricklayer dietary corrector deign concert housework caveman calculable dead inefficient designate spartan penis electrician gastronomy goleta conrad thanks ! 
2	Subject: a few questions for you hi louise hope all is well and that your trip to and from london went smoothly ! a few questions : 1 . does enron have a system which collects data by customer ? we have something called cmis which we use for these purposes and which i believe we will need to integrate into the infrastructure if you don ' t have something already . we usually need customer info for reg reporting purposes . 2 . bob dinerstein believes it would be prudent to have a seminar of sorts whereat the heads of gas and power trading present to key ubsw people what their businesses are all about , example trade flows , competitive pressures , key reg reporting requirements , etc . he would also anticipate having our outside counsel participate to discuss what they understand to be the developing regulations in these markets . the thought is to try and do this on thursday because so many ubsw people will be on the ground in houston for the simulation exercise . i don ' t know that i am wedded to that day and i am a bit unsure about whether this makes sense given it may interfere with progress on integration but this day may work since alot of people will already be there and i am sure the traders will not be interested in doing anything like this once they start trading . what do you think ? the audience would include key logistics personnel from ubsw and enron and anyone else you thought appropriate . spoke with mike about it and he is fine . 3 . having ubsw paraphenalia sent down - toys , shirts , etc . , should be arriving by no later than tuesday . if you haven ' t received anything by late on monday could you let me know so i can track down . ubsw and ubsw energy banners are being made to hang from the ceiling on both trading floors - they should arrive by wed . 4 . was thinking perhaps we should have a celebration on the floor on friday to commemorate the closing . what do you think ? 5 . i am planning to be down in houston for most of next week . i thought it would be helpful to be on site in order to be available to address issues as they arise in order to meet closing on friday . i will be leaving on a late monday flight and returning on a late afternoon friday flight . i hope you think this will be useful . please let me know otherwise . sorry for the long message . please feel free to call me at home or on my cell if you have any questions , issues , would like to discuss h 914 764 4597 c 917 523 6132 . colette visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: your e - mail to antonioadventura @ groups . msn . com cannot be delivered your message below could not be delivered . only members of that group may send e - mail to this account . the e - mail address from which you sent this message does not identify you as a group member . if you are a member , you can check or change the e - mail address you registered with this group at your e - mail settings page . if you are not a member and would like to join this group , you can apply to join now . to learn more about msn groups or for further assistance , please see our help area . thanks , msn groups 
2	Subject: re : summer opportunity kim , yes , the offer is coming . it may take a few days to process it , but you can count on it . vince " whitsel , kimberly " on 03 / 05 / 2001 08 : 36 : 47 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : summer opportunity vince : i did get your phone message about the summer , but i still haven ' t heard from enron about an offer for summer employment . i do have other offers with other energy companies that i must respond to this week . could you let me know as soon as possible if an offer will be made to me . sincerely , kimberly whitsel wharton mba candidate 2002 
2	Subject: imperial sugar ' s volumes will be 142 , 000 - 144 , 000 mmbtu for the month of may instead of the 155 , 000 which we have scheduled . could we please make the appropriate nomination change and also let me know how we plan to price the buyback . also , is there any way to roll the 12 , 000 mmbtu deficiency over to june business .  
2	Subject: are you lonely or horney ? try webdating , it ' s for real . . you can get laid or meet the girl / guy of your dreams f - r - e - e profile signup and searches find your s - e - x - mate today . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - so no more http : / / www . ibestrate . com / st . html 
2	Subject: epe lending for 8 / 13 we ' ll be short 25 mw at palo verde under the stwbom book for monday ( also 25 short under stsw ) . buy to cover this real time . sell back to epe @ $ 0 . enter buys and sales under the same desk , either stwbom or stsw . here are the deals : 727298 - stwbom buys epe on peak / pv 25 mw / $ 57 . 17 727299 - stwbom sells stsw on peak / pv 25 mw / $ 57 . 17 727302 - stsw buys epe on peak / pv 25 mw / $ 57 . 17 please let me know if you have questions . thanks , kate 
2	Subject: re : dale nesbitt meeting tues margaret , i shall try to invite hunter shiveley who is in charge of gas market fundamentals . vince margaret carson @ enron 11 / 02 / 2000 09 : 57 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : james d steffes / na / enron @ enron subject : dale nesbitt meeting tues vince do you plan on inviting anyone from the power issues side - - perhaps ben jacoby , julie gomez , jean mrha , scott neal to this meeting ? thanks margaret - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret carson / corp / enron on 11 / 02 / 2000 09 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : john goodpasture 11 / 01 / 2000 05 : 53 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , margaret carson / corp / enron @ enron , mike mcgowan / et & s / enron @ enron , dave neubauer / et & s / enron @ enron , robert hill / npng / enron @ enron , shelley corman / et & s / enron @ enron cc : danny mccarty / lon / ect @ ect , bill cordes / et & s / enron @ enron , michael moran / et & s / enron @ enron , rod hayslett / fgt / enron @ enron subject : dale nesbitt meeting margaret carson is going to join us in the meeting next week with nesbitt . vince will check with ena to see if they also want to attend . i would also like to determine if ets and / or nbp would want to send a representative ( s ) , although margaret said she would take copious notes for distribution to other key players as necessary . we should ask nesbitt how he would structure a deal for multiple clients ( eg . ets , nbp , ena , and maybe el paso ) . [ we need to remain aware of any " affiliate " issues that may result , and make certain that we are in complete compliance with the regs . ] i will wait until after our meeting with nesbitt before deciding if / how to approach el paso . presumably , if asked to particpate , they would share the cost and have independent access to any working model that is developed . jng - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by john goodpasture / ots / enron on 11 / 01 / 2000 04 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski @ ect 10 / 30 / 2000 04 : 42 pm to : john goodpasture / ots / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : dale nesbitt john , i talked to dale nesbitt . he suggested that the best way to evaluate his model is to go through a one week intensive project with assistance of somebody from his company . our cost is a flat fee of $ 12 , 500 that would be deducted from the purchase price of $ 55 , 000 , in case we buy the software package . the price of 55 k is indicative and will be adjusted based on the required level of support . dale will be in houston next week . i have tentatively invited him to visit with us on tuesday , november 7 , at 3 : 00 p . m . he will adjust if you are busy at this time . please , let me know what you think . vince 
2	Subject: revised devon and co - owner availabilities for september fyi . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . beverly - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 08 / 30 / 2000 08 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " steve holmes " 08 / 29 / 2000 03 : 57 pm to : cc : subject : revised devon and co - owner availabilities for september beverly , the co - owner volumes have been updated to show a volume for comet petroleum and james d . finley under burnell n . pettus . additionally , devon ' s volume under burnell / n . pettus has also increased slightly . steve - 0900 co - owners volumes to enron . xls - enronavailso 900 revo 2 . xls 
2	Subject: deal 338634 meter 985077 the above deal was in the system for 7 / 1 / 00 to 12 / 31 / 00 . we have had continued flow on the following dates . . . 1 / 4 / 01 to 1 / 8 / 01 1 / 29 / 01 2 / 7 / 01 to 2 / 28 / 01 the total flow has been 2804 . can this deal be extended to cover the january and february flow ? 
2	Subject: real - time short for monday we are 50 mw short at the mid - columbia during the offpeak hours for monday ( he 01 thru he 06 , he 23 - 24 ) . we are short to portland general . when you buy , put 25 mw in the short - term northwest book , and put the other 25 in the west hourly bom book . sean 
2	Subject: cfp : int . conf . on web delivering of music , wedelmusic 2004 , barcelona , spain sorry for any multiple reception of this message . if you do not want to receive further information about wedelmusic 2004 , please send back an email with remove on the subject . the topics of this e - mail are : call for papers , submission deadline : 27 th february 2004 4 th international conference on web delivering of music , wedelmusic 2004 universitat pompeu fabra , barcelona , spain 13 th - 15 th september 2004 call for contribution , submission within the 10 th of february 3 rd open workshop musicnetwork , munich , march 2004 mpeg ahg on music notation requirements 13 - 14 of march 2004 , munich , germany announcement of co - location of 4 th open workshop musicnetwork universitat pompeu fabra , barcelona , spain 14 th - 16 th september 2004 cheers , paolo nesi , jaime delgado , kia ng call for papers 4 th international conference on web delivering of music , wedelmusic 2004 universitat pompeu fabra , barcelona , spain 13 th - 15 th september 2004 http : / / www . upf . edu / wedelmusic 2004 / http : / / www . wedelmusic . org / content distribution is presently not anymore limited to music and is becoming more cross media oriented . new distribution models for old and new content formats are opening new paths : i - tv , mobile phones , pdas , etc . the development of the internet technologies introduces strong impact on system architectures and business processes . new national and international regulations , policies and market evolution are constraining the distribution mechanisms . novel distribution models , development and application of pervasive computing and multimedia strongly influence this multi - disciplinary field . the need of content control and monitoring is demanding effective digital rights management ( drm ) solutions integrated with sustainable business and transaction models . these technologies impact on the production and modelling of cross media content . wedelmusic - 2004 aims to explore these major topics in cross media field , to address novel approaches for distributing content to larger audiences , providing wider access and encouraging broader participation . the impact of these developments on cultural heritage is also considered , together with their availability to people with limited access to content . the conference is open to all the enabling technologies behind these problems . we are promoting discussion and interaction among researchers , practitioners , developers , final users , technology transfer experts , and project managers . topics topics of interest include , but are not restricted to : - - protection formats and tools for music - - transaction models for delivering music , business models for publishers - - copyright ownership protection - - digital rights management - - high quality audio coding - - watermarking techniques for various media types - - formats and models for distribution - - music manipulation and analysis , transcoding , etc . . - - music and tools for impaired people - braille - - publishers and distributors servers - - cross media delivery on multi - channel systems , mobile , i - tv , pdas , internet , etc . - - automatic cross media content production - - mpeg - 4 , mpeg - 7 and mpeg - 21 - - viewing and listening tools for music - - music editing and manipulation - - music education techniques - - content based retrieval - - conversion and digital adaptation aspects , techniques and tools - - music imaging , music sheet digitalisation , - - solutions for cultural heritage valorisation see for other topics the web site . research papers papers should describe original and significant work in the research and practice of the main topics listed above . research case studies , applications and experiments are particularly welcome . papers should be limited to approx . 2000 - 5000 words ( 8 pages ) in length . of the accepted paper , 8 pages will be published in the conference proceedings . the conference proceedings book will be published by the ieee computer society . industrial papers proposals for papers and reports of applications and tools are also welcome . these may consist of experiences from actual utilisation of tools or industrial practice and models . proposals will be reviewed by the industrial members of the program committee . papers should be limited to approx . 1000 - 2500 words ( 4 pages ) in length . of the accepted paper , 4 pages will be published in the conference proceedings . submissions all submissions and proposals should be written in english following the ieee format and submitted in pdf format via email to wedelmusico 4 - submission @ altair . upf . edu by 27 th feb 2004 . 4 th open workshop musicnetwork universitat pompeu fabra , barcelona , spain 14 th - 16 th september 2004 more details and the call for contribution will appear on : http : / / www . . org after the 3 rd open workshop as described in the following section the access is free of charge , supported by the european commission . call for contribution 3 rd open workshop musicnetwork , munich , march 2004 mpeg ahg on music notation requirements 13 - 14 of march 2004 , munich , germany http : / / www . . org located at : technische universit?t m?nchen , germany : http : / / www . mpeg - 68 . de / location . php the open workshop of musicnetwork is at its third edition . the modeling ofmusic notation / representation is a complex problem . music representation can be used for several different purposes : entertainment , music education , infotainment , music archiving and retrieval , music querying , music production , music profiling , etc . in the current internet and multimedia age many other applications are strongly getting the market attention and most of them will become more diffuse of the present applications in short time . end users have discovered the multimedia experience , and thus , the traditional music models are going to be replaced by their integration with multimedia , audio visual , cross media . at present , there is a lack of music notation / representation standard integrated with multimedia . the aim of this workshop is to make a further step to arrive at standardizing a music notation / representation model and decoder integrated into the mpeg environment , that presently can be regarded as the most active and powerful set of standard formats for multimedia consumers . the topics of the workshop are related mainly focused on : - - music notation / representation requirements - - music protection and distribution - - music description and its usage on archive query please contribute with your work on the above topics , for details see the www site of the workshop . the access is be free of charge , supported by the european commission . 4 th open workshop musicnetwork universitat pompeu fabra , barcelona , spain 14 th - 16 th september 2004 more details and the call for contribution will appear on : http : / / www . . org after the 3 rd open workshop as described in the following section the access is be free of charge , supported by the european commission .  
2	Subject: cheating housewife services cheating start an affair with a local woman . . . . . . . . house thousands of horny wives looking for an adventure . . . . . . . . . . . wife only 1 $ membership , to verify your legal age . . . . services home page don ' t love him / her anymore ? find your adventure here ztop it !  
2	Subject: urgent statement - just use it and your life will be changed ! we present the most famous products for men ! we always have little things for your pleasure ! we present top - quality only !  
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ali iisted software is availabie for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 includinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native languaqe ! best regards , kristine  
2	Subject: ) . your message subject : just to her . . . was not delivered to : bastide . laurent @ bastide . info because : destinataire non unique . le carnet d ' adresses contient plusieurs entr?es correspondant ? laurent ( laurent @ bastide ) . 
2	Subject: if you like to pay less bucks for top - selling medicines , check our medzplace . feel like you ’ re the only one over paying for quality rxmeds ? you can join the others that are eshopping for taablets and putting bucks back in their pocketbook . check our catalog for quality taablets on pain , male member problems , muscle - relaxant , sleeping aids , over vveight , severe tensions and other discomforts . have the or - der sent to you in a timely manner . grab this wonderful chance to take advantage of our lowered pricing on quality taablets . do check our shovvroom and the case profile review is complimentary . http : / / fax . hga . newestsensation . com / akp / scan our web page for the bestddeals on rnedicals . faltered my m the narrow paths across the fields made many separations necessary , i saw them turn the corner from bath street just now . they seemed other . ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ' about keeping ho use , for in to keep with her brother and sister . her pleasure in the walk stance , ' said 8 miss betsey . ¡ ¡ 8 ¡ ¡ ' not much , i fear , ' returned my mother . ' not 
2	Subject: e & p company model mark , did you have a chance to review the e & p company model ( the old cash flow mode ) and determine if it can be used by fred lagrasta ' group . please , let me know . vince 
2	Subject: board announcement the enron board of directors today accepted the resignation of rebecca p . mark . azurix corp . also announced today that rebecca has resigned as azurix chairman and ceo and will pursue opportunities as an investor in the water resource business . azurix president and chief operating officer john l . garrison has been elected president and ceo . in addition , herbert s . " pug " winokur , jr . , currently chairman of the audit and finance committee of the azurix board of directors , has been elected interim chairman . over the past 15 years , rebecca has made tremendous contributions to enron . her leadership was instrumental in building our world - class international businesses and in advancing innovative approaches in the global water business , and we want to thank her for her service to enron and azurix . please join us in wishing rebecca well in her future endeavors and in thanking john and pug for their leadership . 
2	Subject: re : astounding fwd : all procurable coloratura today ' s number one e shop for wholesale repliicas ! we offer wholesale handbag , watches , sterling jewelry at : http : / / pf . spacesticklercool . com / li / addidas , bally , bvlgari , burberry , cartier , chanel , christian dior , dunhill , dupont , escada , fendi , ferragamo , gucci , hermes , iwc , jacob & co . , louis vuitton , mont blanc , movado , nike , omega , oris , prada , puma , rado , roger dubuis , rolex , sector , tag heuer , technomarine , tiffany , timberland , tudor cuz one day i ' ll be knocking on your door fromwhom flsun foreningsgatan gdo 2 dvwoodall cvpjk he talked and he talkedfor so many hours i sat at his feet and looked in his eyes 
2	Subject: isa article on embedded real - time linux automation applications . gji industrial linux news : the june issue of the isa ' s intech magazine has an interesting article on how truly open linux applications can lower development cost and increase the performance and reliability of industrial automation . a copy of the the article can be found at : http : / / www . sixnet - io . com / html _ files / web _ articles / linux _ article _ info . htm this linux news update brought to you by : www . linux 4 oems . info if you don ' t want to receive future linux news updates , please reply to this e - mail with the subject " unsubscribe " . you may also unsubscribe or resolve subscription difficulties by calling sixnet at 518 - 877 - 5173 or e - mailing : linuxnews @ sixnet - io . com . naorwnwbxbsttgvelamusbs 
2	Subject: windows xp w / office xp for only $ 80 . chronograph dequeues rapid destuffing apprehensible incrementer hyannis little abelson stinging intestine brie gipsy popularizes strychnine neutron memorizes knells widener call friezes bloats pig loveland nibbles mock italy boxcars squealed multiplicand edward trainers brooch scale onyx  
2	Subject: hey aro aro ; ) projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org , come join my network at hi 5 ! i now have over 548 friends in my network ! you can meet all of them , plus more than 12 million other hi 5 members ! once you join , you will immediately be connected to all the people in my circle of friends . hi 5 is an online service that lets you meet new people , view photos , browse profiles , and chat with your friends . i ' ll see you inside , donaji already has more than 12 million members ! gender / age : female / 19 location : metairie this invitation was sent to projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org on behalf of donaji ( teporocha 55 @ hotmail . com ) . if you do not wish to receive invitations from hi 5 members , click on the link below :  
2	Subject: re : march " spot " purchases vance , deals have been created and entered in sitara as noted below . the deal volumes entered were those listed on the march , 2001 nomination spreadsheet . bob vance l taylor 02 / 26 / 2001 05 : 33 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect subject : march " spot " purchases bob , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producers listed below for the production month of march , 2001 . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and deal tickets should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume deal # price whiting petroleum corp 6523 200 mmbtu / d 634035 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 95 coastal merchant energy , lp 5923 775 mmbtu / d 633154 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 265 coastal merchant energy , lp 5848 240 mmbtu / d 633184 84 % if / hsc swift energy 2630 21 mmbtu / d 633380 100 % if / hsc less $ 1 . 45 duke energy trading & marketing 6347 200 mmbtu / d 633028 85 % if / hsc hesco gathering oil co . 6063 300 mmbtu / d 421856 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 95 embassy natural gas inc . 6598 180 mmbtu / d 643875 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 95 vintage gas inc . 9603 100 mmbtu / d 633427 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 95 stone energy 9696 4500 mmbtu / d 634058 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 20 the houston exploration 9696 6500 mmbtu / d 634061 100 % gd less $ 0 . 235 amerada hess ( hess energy svcs ) 0435 2714 mmbtu / d 631403 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 12 anadarko petroleum corp . 0435 1104 mmbtu / d 631437 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 10 crosstex energy services , ltd . 0435 654 mmbtu / d 631504 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 12 tri - union development 0435 149 mmbtu / d 631737 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 055 ranger oil company 9871 200 mmbtu / d 643862 85 % if / hsc if 300 / d these are producer svcs . deals and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: the ultimate in luxury and exotic travel millionaires concierge 1332 bayview dr fort lauderdale , fl 33304 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: limit violation notification in the spirit of let us make it better - not in ted is chucking blame around , please consider the following issue : at the audit comittee meeting , jeff made the comment that the number of and timing of the limit notifications caused them to be meaningless . now part of that was an attempt by him to diffuse the number of notifications represented graphically , but i think that there is an element of truth , particularly of late . therefore , i propose that we work toward making that timing faster and the impact more meaningful . i think the following might help : 1 ) cassandra will be our point person , therefore it will be faster than waiting for the slower , more distracted and less organized me 2 ) i will propose that we raise the threshholds for notifications , particularly at jeff ' s level - i think that the sheer volume makes an impression on rick . unfortunately , i think that it will not be in effect until after the dec bd meeting . fyi i have proposed this at least twice and have been shot down by greg and rick , but now that a smart guy is proposing it , it will probably get more attention . 3 ) we should use the executive report viewer as the mechanism for delivery . i do not know who actually supports that thing so please let me know . it has been important to aa for audit purposes to see " evidence " that rick , jeff , ken and bd received appropriate notification - so that needs to be considered . another possibility would be risktrac . the 3 - d solution contracted for contains an " executive view " of " hot spots " . unfortunately , even though jeff requested it on his desk top 5 months ago , we can ' t get the it resources to pay attention to it . it however , has been interviewed several times for magazines and have created such incredibly successful and useful products such as energydesk . com , credit . com , en - lighten , . . conceptually , notifications should take place before trading begins the next day . this may be utopian , but it is fundamentally correct ( just because enron doesn ' t know it is supposed to , doesn ' t make it right ) . i am certain that real risk management organizations have a mechanism in place for this . it may be necessary to create a swag process that is lightning fast with a more exact process to follow . please have fixed by close of business today . ted 
2	Subject: re : did you sneak out ? need you or john to step out . original message : louise . kitchen @ enron . comidid you sneak out ? | - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: paintball sports equipment and news this message is sent to you in compliance with the federal can - spam bill and the electronic commerce ( ec directive ) regulations of 2004 . this is a commercial email which includes an unsubscribe method for remove processing as mandated by law . footer also includes the sender ' s information . quantum international 5985 s . university dr . # 138 davie , florida 33328 to be excluded from future mailings , please reply to this email with " rem " in the subject line .  
2	Subject: your best source for viagra and more . . . . get harder , stay hard . . . longer save on average 70 % with generic medications ! courage is the power to let go of the familiar . there was a star danced , and under that was i born . the greatest gift is a portion of thyself . engineering is the art or science of making practical . 
2	Subject: ngi article on auction ngi ' s daily gas price index breaking news : posted jan 9 , 2 : 28 pm dynegy not opposed to enron auction ; senate subcommittee to issue 51 subpoenas nearly 20 of bankrupt enron corp . ' s creditors have apparently filed motions to delay the scheduled auction of the company ' s trading assets this week , but one - time merger partner and creditor dynegy corp . will not be one of them , a spokesman said wednesday . however , whether the auction proceeds as planned , enron is facing more obstacles on the legal front with 51 subpoenas requesting documents expected to be issued friday by the senate ' s permanent subcommittee on investigations . the u . s . bankruptcy court for the southern district of new york has been asked by the creditors to delay approving any offer for enron ' s trading business , once the most profitable unit of the company . the motion to delay was requested to allow the creditors time to look at the assets up for sale . included in the auction are assets from its enrononline operation , which enron would like to use in a joint venture with a cash - rich company . under enron ' s proposal , a 51 % joint venture partner would form a new company with enron to be called new energy trading co . , or netco . enron would contribute information technology and back office systems among other things , in exchange for a 49 % stake . as of late monday , ubs ag , citigroup inc . and bp had made bids for some of the assets . among those opposing the auction , now set for thursday with a decision on the winning bids as early as friday , is the royal bank of scotland group plc , which said , " absent a disclosure of the intended uses for the proceeds of this sale , the creditors are unable to gauge that the benefits are adequate , appropriate and directed to the proper beneficiaries . " kansas city , mo - based aquila also is opposed to the auction because of concerns about how the proceeds would be used . aquila wants the auction ' s proceeds put in escrow until it is determined which units of enron receive the money . however , dynegy does not plan to oppose the auction , said company spokesman steve stengel , who also expressed surprise that any company would want to delay it . " dynegy has not taken any action to delay the sale of enron ' s trading business , " he told ngi . stengel also confirmed that the scheduled sale of northern natural gas co . from enron to dynegy is still set to close by the end of january . still to come is word on who and what documents are being subpoenaed by the senate ' s permanent subcommittee on investigations . the subpoenas will be served on enron , its accounting firm andersen and 49 individual officers , employees and members of the board of directors . the subcommittee is one of five congressional panels investigating the fallen giant along with the u . s . securities and exchange commission , the department of labor and the department of justice . " the subcommittee is looking into the role of the officers and board members , the role of the auditors , and the role of special - purpose entities , " a subcommittee spokesman told reuters . these are some of the same types of things being investigated by the house of representatives financial services committee , the senate commerce committee and the house and senate energy committees . the spokesman said the subpoenas would allow enron and the others " several weeks " to respond . 
2	Subject: year - to - date deals attached is the year - to - date deal report to 9 / 19 / 01 . lex carroll enron east power marketing , inc . midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: friendly notification how have you been ? i have very exciting news ! we finally were able to save an extra $ 450 a month . we reflnanced our mortgage with a 3 . 75 % lower rate , and closing was fast ! the application was free and we got several low rate quotes within days ciick on this link and check it out ! time to save . if you prefer to be left out of this amazing offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: woww . . 8 o - % off abazis the lowest price of all med ' s is here . * xa - nax ( $ 154 only ) * via - gra ( $ 57 only ) * vaiium ( $ 154 only ) * cia - | is ( $ 135 only ) * tramadol ( $ 99 only ) we are the be - st available nowadays ree movee below : http : / / www . takemeout . negotiator 6 seq . us j 5 eilw 5 kryf 8 u 3 haz 2 hqothwu 0 johr 6 o 5 zykfe  
2	Subject: fwd : hi paliourg , like to watch real people getting dirty . no fees for life . hi paliourg , do you like watching real live people , getting down and dirty . well here you go for a limited time only you can get a lifetime password at no charge , that ' s right no charge . . . voted # 1 new website in 2005 by the industry . . bread never falls but on its buttered side . ask no questions and hear no lies . . a true friend is someone who reaches for your hand , but touches your heart . . a penny saved is a penny earned . . never judge a book by its cover . an apple a day keeps the doctor away . keep your mouth shut and your eyes open . no more ? leave no stone unturned . . never cackle unless you lay . . call a spade a spade . . he that pays last never pays twice . . it ' s an ill wind that blows no - one some good . . more haste less speed . . while the cats away the mice play . . the early bird catches the worm . . there is a thin line between love and hate . .  
2	Subject: the real way to stop hair loss now . 80 % of customers even regrow ! discount drugs . . . save 80 % every order ! we are the number one online retailler for dozens of medications . our customers save 80 cents out of every dollar , every time , compared to the industry price . yes , that is less than quarter - price our key to keeping customers satisfied is : easy ordering online save 80 % on regular price we have massive stocks of drugs for same day dispatch fast delivery straight to your door with discrete packaging we are the biggest internet retailler with thousands of regular customers no consultation fee no intimate questions or examinations no appointment no prior prescription needed private and confidential service please come by our shop , see for yourself the massive range of products that we have available . we do have the lowest price and huge stocks ready for same - day dispatch . two million customers can ' t be wrong ! see our full range at http : / / dusked . biz / ? cheapgeneric 
2	Subject: my new info please respond to dear friends and colleagues , i have switched again my employment status between self - employment and employment by joining the txu energy trading on the capacity of their managing director of risk management operations . will commute home on weekends , but otherwise , will be stationed in dallas . the new email address is mjermakl @ txu . edu , and the phone number is ( 214 ) 875 - 9603 . regards , martin jermakyan www . txu . com - winmail . dat 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? compa  dl  cda  20 editores  20 de  20 poes  eda ?  presentación de compañía editora de poesía presentan : jessica díaz inti garcía santamaría hugo garcía josé luis bobadilla moderador : josé molina sábado 2 de julio , 2005 19 : 00 horas a acceso libre [ venta de libros en la librería grañén porrúa ] _ _ _ _ _ biblioteca andrés henestrosa calle porfirio díaz 115 , esq . morelos , centro freddy aguilar freaguila 9 @ yahoo . com . mx correo yahoo ! te ofrece lgb de espacio , ¡ gratis ! crea tu cuenta hoy mismo , en http : / / correo . yahoo . com . mx / 
2	Subject: origination meeting louise : i unfortunately was not able to attend your meeting this morning as i was interviewing analyst candidates , however the overall reaction from the group seems to be positive and i applaud you for your efforts in setting the tone . i realize the company is in an interesting position with respect to liquidity and therefore i felt compelled to pass this thought by you with respect to a potential avenue power origination could pursue to assist with the current situation . since most of our activities seem to require some amount of capital , i was wondering whether you felt a viable strategy would be to turn carl tricoli ' s prepay concept for ipp ' s on its head and reverse the transaction with one or more counterparties where we pick up the upfront premium and deliver power in the future . assuming we can find the right counterparties , then we in essence would achieve a short position ( which seems to be more in line with your strategic thoughts ) and pick up liquidity in the short run . regards , charlie 
2	Subject: winter 2001 : a higher plane - cera alert - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorna brennan / et & s / enron on 09 / 29 / 2000 04 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - webmaster @ cera . com on 09 / 29 / 2000 04 : 42 : 45 pm to : lorna . brennan @ enron . com cc : subject : winter 2001 : a higher plane - cera alert cera alert : sent fri , september 29 , 2000 title : winter 2001 : a higher plane author : moritzburke , snyder , zenker e - mail category : alert product line : western energy , url : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / track / eprofile . cfm ? u  5526 & m  1378 , alternative url : * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * cooler temperatures and lower energy demand in the west have driven daily power prices below $ 100 per megawatt hour ( mwh ) . the summer brought the region ' s strongest sustained power and gas markets in recent history . for fall and winter , cera expects western spot power and gas prices to be higher and more volatile than in past years , with october on - peak power prices at $ 114  ) $ 143 per mwh and winter prices around $ 74  ) $ 92 per mwh , depending on location . august ' s el paso pipeline explosion intensified the summer ' s supply bottlenecks . although service on the southern system was quickly restored , the supply disruption affected storage inventories , with a heavy summer draw in california weakening already dwindling inventories . for two weeks , pipeline capacity limits on el paso ' s pipe into california pushed topock differentials to nearly $ 2 . 00 per mmbtu , and the access constraint intensified downward pressure on rocky mountain ! and san juan prices . the topock differential fell back last week after averaging over $ 1 . 00 per mmbtu for most of september . the rush to inject storage inventories ahead of heating season should limit further declines in that differential . * * end * * follow url for complete report account changes to edit your personal account information , including your e - mail address , etc . go to : http : / / eprofile . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: re : jeff skilling does msl 50 vince , thank you so much for your generous pledge . please make your check payable to " national ms society , " and send it to me at eb 5008 a at your convenience . thanks again , srs vince j kaminski @ ect 03 / 30 / 2000 09 : 02 am to : sherri sera / corp / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : jeff skilling does msl 50 sherri , i can pledge $ 2 per mile . vince enron north america corp . from : sherri sera @ enron 03 / 29 / 2000 11 : 13 am to : j mark metts / na / enron @ enron , dolores fisher / na / enron @ enron , jeffrey sherrick / corp / enron @ enron , christina grow / corp / enron @ enron , kenneth lay / corp / enron @ enron , jeff skilling / corp / enron @ enron , joseph w sutton / enron _ development @ enron _ development , james m bannantine / enron _ development @ enron _ development , cliff baxter / hou / ect @ ect , sanjay bhatnagar / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , diomedes christodoulou / enron _ development @ enron _ development , james derrick / corp / enron @ enron , andrew s fastow / hou / ect @ ect , peggy fowler / enron @ gateway , mark frevert / lon / ect @ ect , kevin hannon / enron communications @ enron communications , ken harrison / enron @ gateway , david haug / enron _ development @ enron _ development , joe hirko / enron communications @ enron communications , stanley horton / corp / enron @ enron , kurt s huneke / enron _ development @ enron _ development , larry l izzo / enron _ development @ enron _ development , steven j kean / hou / ees @ ees , mark koenig / corp / enron @ enron , rebecca p mark / hou / azurix @ azurix , mike mcconnell / hou / ect @ ect , rebecca mcdonald / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jeffrey mcmahon / hou / ect @ ect , lou l pai / hou / ees @ ees , ken rice / enron communications @ enron communications , john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , thomas e white / hou / ees @ ees , brenda garza - castillo / enron _ development @ enron _ development , marcia manarin / enron _ development @ enron _ development , susan skarness / hou / ect @ ect , stacy guidroz / enron _ development @ enron _ development , beena pradhan / enron _ development @ enron _ development , karen k heathman / hou / ect @ ect , sharron westbrook / corp / enron @ enron , molly bobrow / enron _ development @ enron _ development , rosane fabozzi / enron _ development @ enron _ development , stephanie harris / corp / enron @ enron , bridget maronge / hou / ect @ ect , mary trosper / enron @ gateway , nicki daw / lon / ect @ ect , carol ann brown / enron communications @ enron communications , dolly henrici / enron @ gateway , ann joyner / corp / enron @ enron , elaine rodriguez / enron _ development @ enron _ development , nancy young / enron communications @ enron communications , cindy stark / corp / enron @ enron , sherryl stone / enron _ development @ enron _ development , mary e garza / enron _ development @ enron _ development , maureen mcvicker / hou / ees @ ees , joannie williamson / corp / enron @ enron , rosalee fleming / corp / enron @ enron , marsha lindsey / hou / azurix @ azurix , cathy phillips / hou / ect @ ect , loretta brelsford / enron _ development @ enron _ development , sue ford / hou / ect @ ect , karen owens / hou / ees @ ees , dorothy dalton / enron communications @ enron communications , lauren urquhart / lon / ect @ ect , pam benson / enron _ development @ enron _ development , liz m taylor / hou / ect @ ect , judy g smith @ ees , katherine brown / corp / enron @ enron , vanessa groscrand / corp / enron @ enron , cindy olson / corp / enron @ enron , bobbie power / corp / enron @ enron cc : danny mccarty / lon / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect , david w delainey / hou / ect @ ect , mark e haedicke / hou / ect @ ect , michael kopper / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / cal / ect @ ect , jere c overdyke / hou / ect @ ect , greg piper / corp / enron @ enron , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , richard dimichele / enron communications @ enron communications , jay fitzgerald / corp / enron @ enron , jim fallon / hou / ect @ ect , rebecca carter / corp / enron @ enron , david cox / enron communications @ enron communications , tom gros / enron communications @ enron communications , marty sunde / hou / ees @ ees , dan leff / hou / ees @ ees , jim crowder / enron communications @ enron communications , mary ann long / enron communications @ enron communications , charlene jackson / corp / enron @ enron , jeremy blachman / hou / ees @ ees , mark s muller / hou / ees @ ees , michael burke / houston / eott @ eott , john b echols / hou / ees @ ees , gene humphrey / hou / ect @ ect , drew c lynch / hou / ect @ ect , amanda k martin / hou / azurix @ azurix , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , paula rieker / corp / enron @ enron , rob walls / enron _ development @ enron _ development , david berberian / enron communications @ enron communications , scott yeager / enron communications @ enron communications , stephen barth / enron communications @ enron communications , john bloomer / enron communications @ enron communications , kenny burroughs / enron communications @ enron communications , kevin garland / enron communications @ enron communications , john griebling / enron communications @ enron communications , kevin howard / enron communications @ enron communications , kristina mordaunt / enron communications @ enron communications , everett plante / enron communications @ enron communications , david reece / enron communications @ enron communications , james reece / enron communications @ enron communications , rex shelby / enron communications @ enron communications , claudia johnson / enron communications @ enron communications , kevin kohnstamm / enron communications @ enron communications , steve luginbill / enron communications @ enron communications , jean mrha / enron communications @ enron communications , brad nebergall / enron communications @ enron communications , raymond bowen / hou / ect @ ect , janet r dietrich / hou / ect @ ect , jeff donahue / hou / ect @ ect , gary hickerson / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , george mcclellan / hou / ect @ ect , julia murray / hou / ect @ ect , brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect , colleen sullivan / hou / ect @ ect subject : jeff skilling does msl 50 well , the bike is inspected , a few training rides have been made , and the camping gear is being dusted off ( yes , he is actually camping at the fairgrounds in lagrange ! ) . now all our fearless leader ( and incidentally , the national multiple sclerosis society ' s 2000 man of the year ) , jeff skilling , needs is your help in raising money for ms . enron ' s msl 50 dream team is bigger than some townships in these parts - over 350 enron employees , led by jeff , will ride from houston to austin under the enron flag april 15 - 16 , and the team ' s goal is to raise $ 350 , 000 . i am challenging ( is begging a better word ? ) each of you to pledge a certain amount per mile - i . e . , $ 1 , $ 2 , $ 5 , it ' s your call . i ' ll even give you a break on the calculation and use 150 miles , even though jeff swears it ' s closer to 170 miles ( you know how he is with numbers ) . of course , a flat pledge is also appreciated . and don ' t forget , enron will match your pledge to this very worthy cause 1 - 1 . i hope you will join the team and help enron maintain its status as the top money raiser of all msl 50 rides in the nation ! thank you for your consideration . if you have any questions , please don ' t hesitate to call me . sherri x 3 - 5984 
2	Subject: officially submitted attention : sir with respect and humility , we are writing this letter to solicit for your assistance ; though it looks strange hence we don ' t know each other . my name is dr . zakius richard , chief accountant under the ministry of finance republic of south africa . we wish to express our willingness to transfer an overdue contract sum of us $ 11 m to your company ' s account , through the reserve bank of south africa . subject : after due consideration , we have fully agreed to privately contact you for this transaction . we are intending to retire from government services to private business we decided to contact you for an urgent business proposal . we have decided to deal with a neutral person like you because of the nature of the transaction as i will equally be happy to arrange with you on terms of trade and possible transfer of the funds needed for the investment into your company ' s account or personal account . the ministry of natural resources incurred these funds as a kick back lifting of gold product . this was a ground plot by some of the key staffs of this ministry for their selfish interest . it was so unfortunate that they were removed from office resulting from the change of government and policies , which did not favor their continuous stay in the office . this money $ 11 m ( eleven million us dollar ) is now floating in the ministry of finance as a redundant fund waiting to be claimed . because of our new government policy on civil servants , we are not allowed to own a company or operate a foreign bank account . hence my soliciting for your assistance to enable us receives this fund into your company ' s account or personal account . to enable us start the process and remittance of this funds into your bank account successfully within 10 banking days , we need the following information from you ; beneficiary full names . beneficiary address . private telephone & fax number . your bank particulars including your bank name , address and your account number . note that as soon as we receive this information it will be forwarded to the appropriate quarters for final processing and approvals . with the modalities we have worked out , it makes it possible for you to act as a contractor who worked under my ministry and now waiting to receive his payment and when satisfied by the agencies your bank account will be credited within 48 banking hours . this transfer is 100 % risk free and hitch - free having done all the underground works locally for the smooth transfer of the funds into your bank account within the shortest period . we advised that you should keep this transaction a top secret and rest all correspondence to fax , and phone only , because we are occupying a sensitive position in the government circle and also this is once in a lifetime opportunity . finally , we want you to assure us that you will work on our instruction and our own share of the money will be safe . you will be rewarded with 25 % of the total sum for your honest assistance and co - operation , 5 % for any expenses that may come up during the transfer while 70 % remain for me and my colleagues involved in this transaction . contact me by return call / fax for any question and further discussion . awaiting your immediate response . regards , dr . zakius richard mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: fw : merger agreement - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rieker , paula sent : friday , november 16 , 2001 3 : 13 pm to : williamson , joannie subject : merger agreement joannie - pls . forward to the management committee this afternoon . thank you . paula attached are the following : executive summary of the merger agreement . please do not copy or forward . weblink to the publicy available merger agreement , in full . confidentiality notice the information contained in this email may be confidential and / or privileged . this email is intended to be reviewed by the individual or organization named above . if you are not the indented recipient , you are hereby notified that any review , dissemination or copying of this email or its attachments , if any , or the information contained herein is prohibited . if you receive this email in error , please immediately notify the sender by return email and delete this email from your system . thank you . 
2	Subject: re : confirmation of meeting fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 09 / 28 / 2000 10 : 26 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - wendy . dunford @ arthurandersen . com on 09 / 20 / 2000 10 : 11 : 43 am to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : subject : re : confirmation of meeting vince sounds very busy ! just let me know when he is free and i will sort something out . thanks wendy * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it . 
2	Subject: tenaska iv 4 / 01 daren : we need to add the sale demand fee to deal 384258 for tenaska iv for april 2001 . the spreadsheet i have from mark shows $ 2 , 979 , 909 . 91 . we already have the agency fee on deal 514353 . just let me know when it ' s in . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: software at incredibly low prices ( 87 % lower ) . unmoved crabs other square , cut fight coast , our an . mile need remember look white . question man self , believe . square open after game , earth . grand group my had heard , area , late . quick except , probable . mark play floor where knew class . in , family , egg wire . art between remember , raise . their round live mark , the . certain our , loud work draw of . earth fun similar wish . seed river , second notice equate travel live . pass , all wood grand gone , read paragraph . all her since these .  
2	Subject: houston all - employee meeting notice please join us at an all - employee meeting at 10 a . m . wednesday , aug . 9 , in the hyatt regency ' s imperial ballroom . we will review our second quarter financial and operating highlights and discuss in more detail the strategy behind enron net works . the meeting will be streamed live on ip - tv to employees in houston , omaha , portland , new york , calgary , london , stockholm , frankfurt and amsterdam . as always , we welcome your questions . you may send them to mary clark by e - mail , fax ( 713 - 853 - 6790 ) or interoffice mail ( eb 4704 c ) . the deadline for advance questions is friday , aug . 4 . we look forward to seeing you there . 
2	Subject: check it out hello , if you want that roooock harrrrd john son check out the first and original one on the market . . . don ' t be fooled by imitations and copy - cats . later , jordan  
2	Subject: the first patented and natura [ l ] fat burner ! miracleburn  is the first [ n ] atural weight loss formula with prescription results ! miracleburn  uses advantra z . , the only patented form of bitter orange that is proven to be as effective as ephedra in weight loss , without the dangerous side effects . the proprietary miracleburn  manufacturing process extracts the herbal ingredients 15 times their normal strength . finally : [ n ] atural ingredients can be as effective as pharmaceuticals  and you can avoid the negative side effects . * * guaranteed * * * * rapid results * * * * no prescription needed * * * * no negative side effects * * with miracleburn  : you have nothing to lose but the weight . we want to prove ourselves to you for [ f ] ree : click here for your [ f ] ree 7 - day trial : http : / / bestoffrs . com / dl / index . htm miracleburn  honestly feels awesome . it combines powerful fat burners effective energizing herbs . powerful fat burners : the patented fat burners in miracleburn  break down stored fat from your hard to firm areas . they start working from day one . energizing herbs : the uplifting , confident and smooth energy herbs in miracleburn  feel wonderful . there is no shakiness and no upset stomach . it will just make you motivated in whatever you do . click here for your free 7 - day trial : http : / / bestoffrs . com / dl / index . htm miracleburn  is pharmaceutical strength . this is why we can confidently say we are the best . we can also guarantee that you will : - lose pounds and inches like crazy - jump start your metabolism - boost your energy level - lose your appetite and feel satisfied - eliminate cellulite and excess fat pockets - stimulate your body ' s fat - burning ability click here - your miracle fat burner is here : http : / / bestoffrs . com / dl / index . htm this is an advertisement . don ' t want to be contacted again ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - infodele . com / nrmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107 encoded _ recipient _ list . greenfield greasy greed grecian greene greek great . greek grayish green greater greenbelt greenfield grease . greenland grebe greenbelt grecian greater greengrocer grecian . grease greek greenery greengrocer greenberg . greek greenish greenfield grebe greed greek greenblatt . great grayson greenbriar greasy grebe greenery grease . greene grebe grebe greater greece greater greedy . greenblatt grayson greenberg greek greenish greenblatt greatcoat .  
2	Subject: is yours below 5 innches long ? phb the only clinically tested penis en _ largement products ! - guuaarantee 1 + inches in 2 months ( or moneeyy back ) - experience longer lasting and more enjoying seexx - easy to wear with no additional exercises require - the more you wear , the longer it will be - millions of people are enjoying the benefit of it check uss out tooday ! http : / / visagraph . net / extender / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / visagraph . net / rm . php ? ronn 6 f  
2	Subject: agenda & pre - work for valuation visioning session attached is a copy of the agenda for thursday ' s meeting . in preparation for the meeting , please think about and be prepared to discuss what " valuation " means to you in the systems you support or the job you do . if you have any questions , feel free to contact me at 5 - 9353 . thanks . chris 
2	Subject: accidentally tussioneex , ambl 1 en , xanaax , \ / 11 agrra , clal 1 is , \ / all 1 um , adlpex from $ 65 youth else set fixed , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today feelingworldwide shippiing sun prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75 quiet usedto respect sentence ready soul '  
2	Subject: december 11 prc meeting please mark your calendars for the december 11 , 2000 prc meeting to prereview vice presidents in the following organizations : enron north america enron industrial markets enron global markets enron networks enron south america apachi calme the meeting will be held at the st . regis hotel , 1919 briar oaks lane , houston in the plaza room . the meeting is scheduled from 8 : 00 am to 5 : 00 pm . for those of you who are part of the enron wholesale services group , please plan to be there at 8 : 00 am , as the first part of the meeting will be devoted to discussing prc results of groups below vice president , and manager to director / sr . director promotion nominations . the vice president rating is scheduled to begin at approximately 9 : 45 am . the telephone number of the hotel is 713 - 840 - 7600 . a complete agenda and details will be forthcoming later this week . for those of you in the organization units listed above , please be prepared to present and discuss your vice presidents . please feel free to contact me at x 36628 in houston , should you have any questions . sheila knudsen 
2	Subject: culture committee meeting , may 14 , 2001 the leadership subcommittee would like to discuss meritocracy at enron at our monday meeting . prior to our meeting , would each of you please spend a few minutes thinking through what you believe to be the strengths / positives of our system as well as the weaknesses / negatives . we plan to review our collective thoughts at our meeting in an attempt to develop additional thoughts around the qualities we look for in our leadership at enron . thank you for your time . 
2	Subject: simple and quick go me met gas go of at we are our uproot duck to is me so we in do wos xl pe prof session pal my so off rice xl pe prof session pal pad robe photo as hope 8 . 0 / cs macros media studio mx 2004 pad robe acrobat 6 . 0 prof session pal north on internet security pro 2004 pad robe creative suite standart mcafpree spa pm kilo let or 2004 quicken 2004 premier home ahead nero 6 . 3 powerpack quick books 2004 premier edition winfax pro 10 . 03 pad robe illustrator pad robe indesign mcpafpee perm son pal find more . . . why go me my as go of at we are is so chef ape ? * go me my ( original equipment manufacturer ) which means that you will receive the installation cds only ( they do not come in their original retain let packing and do not include the manual ) contrastingly kazoo * unique gas go of at we are download store off per us you hundreds of pro duck to items , easy and immediate download and incredibly low pre i ices for each application . nevertheless hockey * we are the authorized age ant and an established re as teller off per ping licensing as go of at we are . ferguson abolishers * we possesses all the necessary certificates issued to verify the authenticity of genuine pro duck test and granting the right for us to resell pro duck test . archetype distasteful * well come specialists and home computer users check our quotes and be pleasantly amazed bartend mysterious guard granteed low best pride caes copyright © go me my solutions let do . , 2001 - 2004 .  
2	Subject: march 1 noms - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 02 / 28 / 2000 11 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 02 / 28 / 2000 11 : 10 : 16 am to : " ami chokshi " cc : subject : march 1 noms ( see attached file : egmnom - mar . xls ) - egmnom - mar . xls 
2	Subject: any software just for 15 $ - 99 $ understanding oem software lead me not into temptation ; i can find the way myself . # 3533 . the law disregards trifles . 
2	Subject: re : the cat smartly responded sat , 25 dec 2004 02 : 15 : 27 - 0600 good day : after viewing your record we are unable to a p prove your mor tga g e / r e financ e at the r at e of 3 . 00 . however we can give you 4 . 0 deal . if you are satisfied , then we will need you to verify some information below . thank you ames  
2	Subject: over 160 fda approved meds % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt over 160 meds to choose from with no prescription required never mind ! % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt  
2	Subject: lon . ger s . e . x drive ( please wait for above image to load ) don ' t overpay for the same results ! limited time only - we ' ll double your order for free . click here for more details ! 
2	Subject: cell phone for the next two days , you can call me on the cell # 832 - 724 - 6346 . krishna . 
2	Subject: re : nom / actual flow for april 19 th - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa jones / texas utilities on 04 / 20 / 2001 01 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " eileen ponton " on 04 / 20 / 2001 01 : 00 : 55 pm to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu cc : charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com subject : re : nom / actual flow for april 19 th sorry about that , missed that line on his report . . . . . . . . will agree w / the nom of 8 , 333 " david avila " com > cc : " charlie stone " , " melissa jones " , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com 04 / 20 / 01 bcc : 12 : 54 pm subject : re : nom / actual flow for april 19 th our records show the following changes for 4 / 19 / 01 : 25 , 000 - 0900 to 11000 ( 2 hours ) and 25 , 000 - 0300 to 0900 ( 6 hours ) total nom for the day of 8 , 333 mmbtu . " eileen ponton " on 04 / 20 / 2001 11 : 49 : 48 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : nom / actual flow for april 19 th my gas control shows flowing 2 hours ( 9 : 00 am to 11 : 00 am ) at rate of 25 , 000 . . . . . . . . nom mcf mmbtu 2 , 084 5 , 819 5 , 977 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: hpl nom for december 27 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 227 . xls ) - hplnl 227 . xls 
2	Subject: i need your urgent reply the auditor / head of department bank of scotland , united kingdom . + 44 - 7040 - 110197 ( great opportunity very urgent and confidential ) dear friend , i want to transfer out £ 15 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( fifteen million pounds sterling ) from our bank here , i have the courage to look for a reliable and honest person who will be capable for this important transaction , believing that you will never let me down either now or in future . i want to transfer this money into a safe foreign account abroad but i don ' t know any foreigner , i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to any local bank here in scotland , but can only be approved to any foreign account because the money is pounds sterlings and the former owner of the account is john hughes and he was a foreigner too . i am contacting you because of the need to involve a foreigner with a foreign account as the real beneficiary . at the conclusion of this business , you will be given 35 % of the total amount , 60 % will be for me , while 5 % will be for expenses both parties might have incurred during this process . send me as a matter of urgent for onward processing : ( 1 ) your private : tele & fax number ( 2 ) your account : number ( 3 ) your account : name ( 4 ) your bank : address ( 5 ) your bank : name ( 6 ) your passport i await your earliest reply , thanks . sincerely , mr . robert williams 
2	Subject: sarco lateral and crow o ' connor meters daren - can you set up new deals for meter 6757 and 5192 ? meter 6757 crow o ' connor - counterparty duke energy & trading month contract deal # june 99 ena 201 87426 july 99 hpl 215 95072 aug 99 hpl 215 102775 sept 99 hpl 215 110502 meter 5192 sarco lateral no deal has ever been set up for meter 5192 for duke energy & trading . there is flow for may , july and nov . 99 . will you please let me know if you set up new deals for these meters ? thanks . aimee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2000 03 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fred boas 05 / 04 / 2000 12 : 08 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : sarco lateral and crow o ' connor meters aimee : the crow o ' connor , meter 6757 has its gas allocated to strangers gas for april and may 1999 and duke has been calling settlements asking for their money . i will need to set up accounting arrangements for this meter for these months so please provide me the correct transportation contract and valid deal # for this transaction . in addition , the sarco lateral , meter 5192 has its gas allocated to strangers gas for may and july 1999 and duke has been calling settlements asking for their money . i will need to set up accounting arrangements for this meter for these months so please provide me the correct transportation contract and valid deal # for this transaction . i would like to get this done asap since the customer is calling settlements and we start close next week . thanks , fred 
2	Subject: squirts like a fountain our customer speak volumes about our spur m product " i just wanted to write and thank you for spur - m . i suffered from poor sperm count and motility . i found your site and ordered spur - m fertility blend for men . i have wondered for years what caused low semen and sperm count , and how i could improve my fertility and help my wife conceive . spur - m seems to have done just that ! thank you for your support . " andrew h . , london , uk " spur - m really does help improve fertility and effectiveness of sperm and semen motility . i used it for the past few months , and not only does it work - i also feel better to . i have more energy . this is an excellent counter to low sperm count and motility . i ' ll be buying more ! ! ! " franz k . , bonn , germany http : / / lucia . osseously . net / spur / ? sheep for removing , pls go here http : / / fournier . osseously . net / rm . php 
2	Subject: \ / aluum , \ / llgra , caalls , levltrra , xana , loraazepam , ambllen , alprazzolam , tramadool , merldlla within blue degree disappoint open work find speech , planning say arms social important wonder found accident dark , principle independence write fail looking " hard to buy medsall countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from excitementplanning clicck here to order describe taught independent neither address might inside word blue intelligent friend " sandwich till ought writing journey satisfaction . business ran make principle corner gotten ! favorite back looking comes ? here with pretty not considered leader "  
2	Subject: business admin - degree fri , 21 may 2004 22 : 22 : 30 + 0300 hexane obtain university recognition for your life - long achievements , and what you already know ! awards can also be granted for the purpose of honoring those who exemplify the ideals of higher education through their significant achievements and contributions to business and society in their respective geographic area . for a doctorate or masters of business administration , a previous university education may not be required for persons with extensive experience in any field related to civil service , business administration , management , finance , healthcare , military , etc . it takes only 14 days if you start today , yes ! read more click here to submit your resume for evaluation to stop future solicitation click here  
2	Subject: instructions to remove spyware / adware infections this message will inform you on how to remove spyware and adware from your pcs hard drive . please read below carefully : if you , or someone else that uses your pc , have been downloading internet files such as music , games , or movies , then adware and spyware programs may have been added to your computer ' s hard drive without your direct knowledge . to check for any adware or spyware applications press here . there is no cost for this scan : if after completing the complimentary scan it is brought to your attention that your computer ' s hard drive is infected with adware , spyware , or both , then it may be in your computer ' s best interest to remove the adware and spyware applications . click here to begin the scan * * * fact : there are currently over 78 , 000 spyware and adware programs on the internet that can infect your pc . chances are your machine is hosting spyware . here are 9 warning signs you should be aware of , if any of them pertain to you then your pc is most likely infected : press here to read all 9 warning signs adams acres marketing inc 16323 w . abbott rd cairo , ne 68824  
2	Subject: ene : detailed lq earnings analysis following conf . call ; reiterat e lh rating ene : detailed lq earnings analysis following conf . call ; reiterate lh rating * ene reported lq : 01 eps of $ 0 . 47 vs . $ 0 . 40 last year , above our and consensus estimates of $ 0 . 43 and $ 0 . 45 , respectively . * we raised our 2001 est . to $ 1 . 80 based on confidence in continued strong growth in wholesale segment , as well as incremental contribution from retail energy . company raised 2001 guidance by $ 0 . 05 to $ 1 . 75 - $ 1 . 80 . * highlights : merchant energy - - wholesale volumes up 65 % , ahead of our 40 % - 50 % expectation , driven by growing need for intermediation services and continuing impact of enrononline . segment ibit up 76 % with higher unit margins reflecting volatility running at twice last year ' s level , by our calculation . expect full year 2001 volatility to match 2000 level . * bandwidth trading - - " deals are getting done " above expectations : 580 transactions lqol vs . 232 in 4 q : 00 and 320 for full year 2000 . * results include reserve for $ 580 m in receivables owed from pcg in calif . > > raymond c . niles power / natural gas research salomon smith barney ( 212 ) 816 - 2807 ray . niles @ ssmb . com s - ene lqol detailed 4 - 17 - 01 . doc - ene lqol detailed 4 - 17 - 01 . pdf 
2	Subject: opportunity for you to be interviewed by authors of a deloitte i work for epmi in nepool with john llodra and report to ed baughman . i am writing to ask if you would speak with my brother - in - law , dave gautschi , a partner with deloitte & touche , who is co - authoring a book on e - businesses called net markets ( see attached outline and reproduction of the cover ) . the focus of the book is to " ? ? take a business executives perspective on the implications of b 2 b emarketplaces on their business and overall business environment globally . it will lead the reader through the basic options for implementing real valuable b 2 b tools and technologies . it will then move to more and more complex and valuable b 2 b opportunities . more importantly , it will identify and articulate the day - to - day business implications of ebusiness . " dave , a phd in mathematics ( go figure ) , a former marketing professor , a folk singer ( he leads our family in song fests ) and just a great guy is intrigued / impressed with enron on line ( who isn ' t ) and would very much like your insights . i believe the exposure to both deloitte and the readers of this book would be great for enron in general and enron on line specifically . if you are available please call his research assistant mike russell at 206 - 215 - 4285 to arrange a time to talk ( they will be very responsive as their manuscript deadline is late july ) . i am reachable today on my cell at 617 - 733 - 8713 and on vacation next week but claudette harvey will know where to reach me . thanks for your consideration and enjoy your new young one ( kids are great , i have two ) george " woody " wood 
2	Subject: mscf speaker series mscf speaker series dear mr . kaminsky , i have included the web page of the list of confirmed speakers , most of them are people i worked with as a fixed income bond options trader . ? having you as a speaker would ? give a chance to the mscf students to gain insight in an area ( commodities ) and in a field ( research ) ? in which many are ? interested . official invitation ? ? ? the first event is next friday ! ? first event : august 11 , 2000 10 : 30 to 12 : 30 a . m . fast lab david hartney & jerry hanweck vice president , futures and option sales ? j . p . morgan n . b . there will be free caps and a copy of the treasury bond basis . priority will be given to mscf students . ? ? ? price and hedging volatility contracts september 1 , 2000 dmitry pugachevsky deutsche bank dmitry pugachesky is a director with otc derivatives research of deutsche bank , where his research is primarily focussed on credit derivatives . prior to joining deutsche bank , dmitry worked for six years with global analytics group of bankers trust . there he developed models for emerging markets , interest rates , and equity derivatives and also participated in actual trading and structuring of interest rate options . he received his phd in applied mathematics from carnegie mellon university specializing in control theory for stochastic processes . he has published several papers on modelling in emerging markets and on valuation for passport options . a measurement framework for bank liquidity risk september 15 , 2000 raymond cote vice president , finrad inc . nbc raymond cote is vice president , financial engineering at finrad inc . , a montreal - based consulting firm offering financial management solutions that combine advisory and systems development services to & corporations and financial institutions . abstract : liquidity risk , as opposed to credit and market risks , has received little attention in professional or academic journals . we argue that analyzing bank liquidity risk can be viewed as a variation of credit risk analysis . after introducing some concepts and definitions , the presentation defines a framework allowing to measure a bank ' s structural liquidity risk . it then shows that combining the framework with modern credit risk measurement tools leads to a liquidity risk var measure . the presentation then offers concluding comments on the integration of the liquidity risk measurement framework within enterprise - wide risk management . swaps , spreads and bonds september 29 , 2000 chris leonard senior trader fixed income arbitrage ? october 27 , 2000 chuck mchugh vice president , nbc - new york fund management and market efficiency november 10 , 2000 andrea lee portfolio manager , freiss associates pierre - philippe ste - marie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - http : / / pstemarie . homestead . com 
2	Subject: give your partner more pleasure the longz system , both the capsules and the free instructional manual , give you the most effective ways to reach immediate size gains and improve the strength and power of your erections . 90 % of males were interested in improving their sexual stamina , performance , and the size of their manhood . are you one of the 90 % ? my name is charles , and i wanted to thank you for your personal attention ( and answers to my extra questions ) , your support team is exceptional and made me feel like a real valued customer . keep it up and thanks again ! - charles , ontario check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd http : / / tgo . t . . com / k / po box in link above and you can say no thank you for future under ordinary circumstances the stern features and flashing black eyes of this redoubtable warrior would have struck a chill of fear to the boy ' s heart ; but now under the influence of the crushing misfortunes he had experienced , he was able to gaze with indifference upon the terrible visage of the desert chief . the tatar seemed not to consider rob an enemy instead , he looked upon him as an ally , since the turks had bound and robbed him 
2	Subject: confirm : $ 53813 dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 4 . 75 rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting : http : / / www . iorefi . net / ? id  j 22 we look foward to hearing from you . thank you , heather grant , account managerlpc and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? - > www . iorefi . net / book . php 
2	Subject: fwd : e b a y - tips , tricks and secrets learn all the tips , tricks and secret the pros use with out ecourse . . . our ebay marketing ecourse is a straight forward low learning curve ecourse . it is a self executing windows program ( . exe ) written and compiled by online auction pros . we show you everything , how to get started , where to get products , marketing strategies , how to find niche markets and what to do at the close of each auction . you can be running your own ebay business , and be earning money fast ! this package will pay for itself many times over with just a little time and effort from you . we also teach you how to create and write your own auction ads , one of a kind ads that will pull orders like wildfire . here is a link where you can see all the facts . http : / / anykeep . biz / ebay - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - out of our datbase : http : / / anykeep . biz / r . htm market re - search 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 sys inf win 2 k v  
2	Subject: arrangement one of your friends set you up on a blind date with another friend . click here to accept the invitation : aol users click on the following link if you do not wish to be invited again or send your request to : car . n - egie _ sun _ lt . d 2 - 13 . 5 a des _ laurent . ides _ b - lvd , su . ite 10 . 057 lav - a . l _ qc h 7 . m _ 4 - m 2 . cana . d - a - - - - 204537903548909445 - - 78 
2	Subject: check out here is the rfc that was written in 1994 about the internet of 2020 i mentioned . i hope you find it as enlightening as i did , and enjoy it as well . click here : http : / / info . internet . isi . edu / in - notes / rfc / files / rfcl 607 . txt mak 
2	Subject: cleburne cleburne should be it ' s own desk . rick hill should be set up as trader / head of desk . let me know if you have more questions . dave 
2	Subject: new power executive - - free sample issue we welcome you to download a free trial issue of new power executive , the market ' s leading weekly on market intel , trend analysis , and a host of strategic issues and ideas of direct importance to your planning and business development process . read by thousands of senior execs across the industry , this weekly market analysis and strategic advisory newsletter features original commentary and intelligence from some of the industry ' s central thought leaders . these free issues have no obligation , but , if you choose to formally subscribe during this trial , you can do so for a very special pma rate - - save $ 150 off the regular rate ! see the last page for details . this email has been sent to michelle . lokay @ enron . com , by powermarketers . com . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy : http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / ccprivacypolicy . jsp powered by constant contact ( r ) www . constantcontact . com 
2	Subject: meter 8741 / 1587 nov 00 daren , i need a deal set up for nov 00 . per gary hanks , gas is taken from south texas and put into midtex pipeline at dewville and taken out at sheridan - hpl mtr 8741 / midtex mtr 1587 . let me know if you need further information . thanks thu 
2	Subject: re : country risk jr . economist hiring vince , thanks . - - gwyn vince j kaminski @ ect 05 / 02 / 2001 03 : 20 pm to : gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : country risk jr . economist hiring gwyn , try to reduce the number of potential candidates to 3 , before i shall get involved . also , i contacted hr regarding your promotion . the process has started . vince gwyn koepke @ enron 05 / 02 / 2001 03 : 09 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : country risk jr . economist hiring thanks vince . i have the resume book from sais . i ' d like to start contacting them individually telephonically prior to meeting with maureen . i will begin to contact them and do some initial screening . would you like to participate in the initial screening ? thanks , - - gwyn vince j kaminski @ ect 05 / 02 / 2001 03 : 06 pm to : gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : country risk jr . economist hiring gwyn , yes , please go ahead and get a resume book from sais . vince gwyn koepke @ enron 05 / 02 / 2001 11 : 40 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : country risk jr . economist hiring vince , maureen had mentioned to me a while back that our group had approval to hire an junior / full economist . she then asked me to contact johns hopkins sais to get resumes of possible candidates . i have completed all this . but , before i begin contacting these potential candidates , i wanted to confirm with you that we have the approval to hire another person at the either junior or associate economist level . thank you . gwyn koepke  
2	Subject: southern union - 03 / 01 prod - austin spot deal # 690249 ( sale ) elizabeth - deal # 690249 - sale could you pls the pricing on this deal for march 2001 production for days 25 & 26 to $ 5 . 285 ? i think daren is out for the remainder of the day and i need to send out my invoice this afternoon . thanks - katherine 5 - 8643 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by katherine herrera / corp / enron on 04 / 16 / 2001 03 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - katherine herrera 04 / 16 / 2001 03 : 24 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect cc : janet h wallis / hou / ect subject : southern union - 03 / 01 prod - austin spot deal # 690249 ( sale ) daren - per janet , the price of $ 5 . 235 + . 05 for deal # 690249 is correct . could you pls change the price in the system to $ 5 . 285 for days 25 & 26 ? thanks - katherine 5 - 8643 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by katherine herrera / corp / enron on 04 / 16 / 2001 03 : 06 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - katherine herrera 04 / 16 / 2001 12 : 43 pm to : janet h wallis / hou / ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect subject : southern union - 03 / 01 prod - austin spot deal # 690249 ( sale ) janet - per southern union ' s confirmation sheet , the 15 , 000 mmbtus spot deal on days 03 / 25 & 3 / 26 should be priced at hsc gdp da + . 05 ( at tuesday , 3 / 27 / 01 pricing - which was $ 5 . 235 ) . currently , sitara is showing a price of hsc gdp + . 05 . is this tuesday pricing correct ? if so , pls forward this to daren so that he can change the price in sitara to $ 5 . 235 + . 05 ( totaling $ 5 . 285 ) . thanks - katherine 5 - 8643 
2	Subject: london update vince , more fuel for our discussion with john sheriff today , mike - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001 05 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : stephen bennett @ enron 04 / 25 / 2001 04 : 05 am to : jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , mike a roberts / hou / ect cc : tony hamilton / eu / enron @ enron subject : softs ( ag ) support hi guys , i thought i would quickly update you on a few meetings we ' ve had with the ag folks here over the past 2 days . they are extremely interested in weather support and appear to be our most enthusiastic customer group to date . a summary : 1 ) they are interested in cocoa , coffee and sugar . specifically : brazil : londrina , bauru , lavras ( all wmos available in accuweather ) vietnam : kentum , dalat ( no data immediately evident ) ivory coast : man , gagnoa ( wmos in accuwx ) indonesia : sumatra - kotubumi , sulawesi - dolo ( no data immediately evident ) 2 ) they are specifically interested in event spikes - extreme temperature , precipitation or wind . they are also interested in any trend information we can devise . links between enso or other large scale oscillations that could have long range effects . tony has already given their group a 101 course on enso and its impacts on these areas . 3 ) they would eventually like daily am briefings - along with a daily product related to their market ( ie precip / temp graphs etc ) 4 ) they do not begin actually trading for another 6 to 8 weeks - so we have some time to experiment with the type of support that fits them best . tony and i agree that we would like to brainstorm this a bit with you guys to see what exactly can be produced daily - as efficiently as possible . we should be able to add any lat / long points we want to the list of international cities streaming through from the mrf / avn / ecmwf from earthsat . the problems here would be the models ' problems handling tropical weather along with specific local effects - especially in indonesia . let ' s talk about this at some point and get our thoughts together . steve 
2	Subject: looking for cheap high - quality software ? wince unroll bayesian avenged memoir admissions destuff ferociousness diphtheria absolved shockley us nutate salves unwieldy maneuver instead olympics jew cowslips growled ticked secretions swaggering bereaves wink persistence coins reddest retreats suction acquire boustrophedon distill breads tournament barges looseness expanders  
2	Subject: remember the old days ? hi there , try our revolutionary product , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs . new improved formula makes it even better . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . worldwide shipping , thousands of happy customers ! you can get it at : http : / / dusked . biz / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / dusked . biz / rr . php  
2	Subject: re : coastal oil & gas corporation daren , fyi . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 07 / 11 / 2000 11 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : melissa graves 07 / 11 / 2000 08 : 17 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx bob , yes , when i typed the original message i had to double check the price as well . the request is for if / hsc and not gas daily . thank you , melissa enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 07 / 10 / 2000 05 : 17 pm to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx melissa , i have been asked to confirm that the price is houston ship channel index rather than gas daily ? please advise . thanks . bob enron north america corp . from : melissa graves 07 / 10 / 2000 02 : 18 pm to : hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx hillary , see below for your answer . thanks , melissa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa graves / hou / ect on 07 / 10 / 2000 02 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - joanne wagstaff @ enron 07 / 10 / 2000 02 : 14 pm to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx melissa , i have confirmed through emails from bob walker that the name of the counterparty for the albrecht # 4 well is coastal oil & gas corp . please let me know if you have any questions . thanks , joanne x 68228 from : melissa graves @ ect 07 / 10 / 2000 10 : 14 am to : joanne wagstaff / na / enron @ enron cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx joanne , can you confirm the counterparty name on this please . thanks , melissa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa graves / hou / ect on 07 / 10 / 2000 10 : 13 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 07 / 10 / 2000 10 : 11 am to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx melissa , hillary mack called me about the following deal . he believes the counterparty should be coastal oil & gas usa , l . p . rather than coastal oil & gas corp . please advise . thanks . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 07 / 10 / 2000 10 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 07 / 10 / 2000 09 : 01 am to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , amelia alland / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx melissa , deal ticket # 325550 has been created and entered in sitara . bob enron north america corp . from : melissa graves 07 / 07 / 2000 03 : 34 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , amelia alland / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx bob , per george ' s note below , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producer listed below for the production month of july . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and a deal ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price coastal oil & gas corporation 4179 , albrecht # 4 well 7 / 7 / 00 - 1 , 500 mmbtu / d 7 / 8 / 00 - 3 , 000 mmbtu / d 7 / 9 / 00 thru 7 / 31 / 00 - 4 , 000 mmbtu / d 93 % if / hsc additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , melissa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa graves / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000 03 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 07 / 07 / 2000 01 : 11 pm to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect cc : sandi m braband / hou / ect @ ect , robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx melissa , based on the attached contract preparation request for a spot gtc for the coastal oil the legal department has prepared and is currently circulating a ratification and consent to assign document to reflect this transaction . the spot gtc requested herein will cover gas from the albrecht # 4 well only . the albrecht # 4 will not be covered by 96008903 , nor will the wells currently subject to 96008903 be subject to the spot gtc . shawna , please prepare the termination letter for 96008903 as requested . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 07 / 2000 01 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - debbie boudar @ enron 07 / 06 / 2000 03 : 25 pm to : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx in regards to meter 098 - 4179 the following information is what i have been able to determine from the information available to me . to your questions : 1 . cannot determine who owns this meter . i will contact molly carriere on monday when she returns . 2 . hpl has a fifty ( 50 ) ft . easement at this location which does contain language for appurtenance rights within the 50 ' . 3 . i pulled the meter file for this location which was prepared during project rock and it does not contain a facility agreement so i am assuming one was not located . hope this helps . from : george weissman @ ect 07 / 06 / 2000 11 : 09 am to : debbie boudar / na / enron @ enron cc : robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect subject : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx debbie , meter 098 - 4179 is located at sta . plus 40 + 85 on align . dwg . hc - 1130 - 18 - h in goliad co . , tx . in connection with the facility agreement request below , we need to know the following : 1 . who owns the meter , hplc or the operator ? 2 . do we own an easement and an access right of way to the meter station ? 3 . is there , to your knowledge , a facility agreement in place covering this meter ? we cannot locate such an agreement in our records . thanks . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 06 / 2000 11 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 07 / 06 / 2000 09 : 37 am to : shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , lal echterhoff / hou / ect @ ect , james r haden / hou / ect @ ect subject : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx shawna , attached is a contract preparation request for a facilities agreement for the coastal oil the legal department has prepared and is currently circulating a ratification and consent to assign document to reflect this transaction . we have been unable to locate an existing facility agreement for the 3 previously drilled wells and suspect that no such agreement exists . the facility agreement requested herein is intended to cover only alterations to be made to existing meter 098 - 4179 to install an h 2 s monitor and necessary valving to allow hplc to accept gas from the newly drilled albrecht # 4 well . once the h 2 s monitor has been installed and the albrecht # 4 well is ready to flow , we intend to paper the purchase of gas from the albrecht # 4 well only via a spot confirmation pursuant to a spot gtc . the albrecht # 4 will not be covered by 96008903 , nor will the wells currently subject to 96008903 be subject to the spot gtc . coastal will reimburse hplc $ 39 , 600 for the cost of the installation . george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 06 / 2000 09 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 07 / 04 / 2000 01 : 28 pm to : lal echterhoff / hou / ect @ ect , pat flavin / gco / enron @ enron cc : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , vicente sarmiento / gco / enron @ enron , james r haden / hou / ect @ ect , donnie mccabe / gco / enron @ enron , mark walch / gco / enron @ enron , steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect subject : coastal oil & gas corporation albrecht # 4 well meter 098 - 4179 , goliad co . , tx lal , we intend to attempt to connect about 4 , 000 mmbtu / d of new production from the newly drilled coastal oil in may , 2000 , the meter flowed about 960 mmbtu / d of 3 . 36 % co 2 gas . the content of the albrecht # 4 gas according to the field gas analysis prepared by coastal oil the albrecht # 4 h 2 s content is similar to that of the three wells currently producing 960 mmbtu / d behind meter 098 - 4179 , the miller - albrecht unit # 1 - a and the hoff heller gas unit # 1 a & # 2 d . coastal further purports that for some time now it ( and / or its predecessor , mjg , corp . ) has treated these three wells for h 2 s in a manner sufficient to reduce the h 2 s content delivered into hplc to permissible levels . coastal has further indicated that it intends to reduce the h 2 s content of the albrecht # 4 to permissible levels before delivering same to hplc . in your opinion , should coastal be forced to install an h 2 s monitor for this new gas prior to flowing same to hplc ? george x 3 - 6992 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 07 / 04 / 2000 12 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - christy sweeney 06 / 29 / 2000 04 : 56 pm to : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect cc : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , joanne wagstaff / na / enron @ enron , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect subject : transport request for coastal albrecht # 4 , goliad county , tx lisa , attached is our physical well connect form , including a transportation quote sheet , for the coastal albrecht # 4 well in goliad county , tx . please provide us with a transport quote . i have attached below a quote you gave us in april 2000 . the volume is now 5 , 000 / day . i am headed that way with a map that shows the well ' s location in relation to us , tejas , koch , and tetco . please note 2 % fuel . thank you ! ! ! christy 39050 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christy sweeney / hou / ect on 06 / 29 / 2000 02 : 46 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : lisa hesse 04 / 07 / 2000 10 : 48 am to : brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect cc : lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect subject : mjg , inc . meter 4179 and cokinos meter 9676 brian , here are the transport rates for the below meters : mjg meter 4179 3 . 39 % co 2 1 year quote april 00 rel : 1180 avg . 1200 - 1988 . 014 loc . . 05 p / l density . 02 quality . 049 market adjustment . 05 _ _ _ _ . . 183 less discount and market fee . 02 _ _ _ _ . 16 please call if you have any questions or comments . lisa 3 5901 
2	Subject: fw : plant shut in western oklahoma this e - mail is apparently in reference to the lipscomb / mocane lateral outage . i think darrell was going to touch base with you on this issue . i originally sent this to steve , gary and darrell assuming they would run it up the pole . but here is the e - mail sent to our e - mailbox . toby - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kuehl , toby sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 12 : 09 pm to : schoolcraft , darrell subject : fw : plant shut in western oklahoma fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : larry leavelle [ mailto : ldleavelle @ door . net ] sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 10 : 01 am to : etsdb @ enron . com subject : plant shut in western oklahoma in early june 2001 , gpm / duke energy informed me of the planned shut in for maintenance on your processing plant in western oklahoma . the planned maintenance was supposed to be for the period of 6 / 12 / 01 thru 6 / 29 / 01 . on 6 / 28 / 01 i received notice that the shut in would continue until 7 / 9 / 01 due to " waiting on parts / material " on 7 / 8 / 01 i received a notice that the shut in would continue until 7 / 13 / 01 due to " waiting on parts / material " . on 7 / 10 / 01 i recieved a notice that the shut in would continue until 7 / 18 / 01 due to " waiting on parts / material " . when i checked as to the status of the project early the morning of 7 / 18 / 01 , i found that the shut in would continue until 7 / 27 / 01 due to " waiting on parts / material " . when is the parts / material ever going to arrive ? was this a planned shut in ? this has turned out to be very , very , costly to your customers . are their any plans for any compensation to them ? 
2	Subject: re : tw customer letter missing period after first paragraph . otherwise ok . kal enron north america corp . from : michelle lokay @ enron 01 / 29 / 2001 01 : 37 pm to : kal shah / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tw customer letter here ' s the final that you and i had talked about earlier . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michelle lokay / et & s / enron on 01 / 29 / 2001 01 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - susan m scott @ ect 01 / 26 / 2001 03 : 41 pm to : susan scott / et & s / enron @ enron , kal shah / hou / ect @ ect cc : carl carter / na / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : tw customer letter i believe this was intended for susan scott in ets . . . i am with nat . gas risk mgmt . thanks . to : carl carter / na / enron @ enron cc : susan m scott / hou / ect @ ect , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : tw customer letter michelle sent me the attached ( different version ) this morning for approval where she changed the first paragraph . i ' ve reviewed the original version susan scott just sent as well . it appears that most of the changes were just spelling out " transwestern . " i am ok with both versions as long as we have the july , 2000 date correct . please send me the final version that goes out for my records . kal shah carl carter @ enron 01 / 26 / 2001 03 : 11 pm to : kal shah / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : tw customer letter you may want to check this out . thanks . carl - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carl carter / na / enron on 01 / 26 / 2001 03 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - susan scott 01 / 26 / 2001 02 : 52 pm to : michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , carl carter / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : tw customer letter michelle , as i mentioned in my voice mail , the other lawyers wanted a few changes . my sincerest apologies for the confusion . apparently you and i were actually working off an old version of fgt ' s letter , not the one they ultimately approved and used . since you are out of the office , i ' ve taken the liberty of forwarding it to carl without you reviewing it first , since i know we want to mail this out soon . carl , michelle advised me that eol ' s lawyer had approved the previous version so i assume they will want to review this one as well . let me know if there are any concerns . thanks ! susan ( x 30596 ) 
2	Subject: software megastore http : / / grimaldi . mainoemstore . com / ? a  3107 
2	Subject: on call notes please see attached . mary 
2	Subject: employees needed good evening , do you want to earn some extra $ $ $ working from home ? we have a great offer for you ! our corporation ship & pay intl . is constantly looking for trustworthy people to be our representatives in your country ! you ' ll need no money and no special skills to start working . anyone can work with us , why not you ? ! if you ' re interested , please visit our corporate web - site : http : / / www . shipandpay . com / jobs . html our requirements : 1 . we don ' t work with persons under 21 2 . computer with access to internet , e - mail 3 . 3 - 5 hours free during the week 4 . bank account to receive payments 5 . be able to lift 5 - 10 pound boxes . 6 . reply to e - mails immediately 7 . check your e - mail several times a day ( each hour is welcome ) 8 . be responsible , hard working and communicable 9 . be able to answer phone calls if you like to join our community don ' t hesitate to visit http : / / www . shipandpay . com / jobs . html and fill in the online application form . thank you . kind regards , ship & pay international   
2	Subject: hl & p daren - also , the deal might include san jac ( meter 1554 ) so the ena can be kept whole . al - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 06 / 21 / 2000 11 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 06 / 21 / 2000 11 : 03 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hl & p daren - pat gave me a a spreadsheet showing what should be allocated to greens bayou . i checked the deal ticket ( 286824 ) and it ends on 6 / 17 . there is still two more days that need to be reallocated . please let me know if you can extend this deal or create a new one . thanks . al 
2	Subject: thank - you . . . dear dr . kaminski : i enjoyed our discussion this morning . it sounds like there is a great deal of overlap between enron business units and my interests . i am very much looking forward to meeting you and your colleagues . thank - you for the invitation to interview with your group . sincerely , rodney greene work : 312 - 692 - 8129 rgreene @ heliosgroup . com home : 773 - 881 - 7142 rodneyg @ interaccess . com 
2	Subject: no more work out ' s heya , are you not seeing any results from your workout ' s ? do you feel like your workout ' s are boring ? are you serious about getting back into shape ? if so , then it ' s time for that change ! http : / / therein . advantagesandvalue . com / h 
2	Subject: re : model for 04 - 28 good morning bill on 4 / 28 could you move the - 100 bookouts for he 5 & 6 for $ 6 . 00 to the top for direct bill . any cuts on the psco deals we are keeping together . also , today is the end of the month . i will probably be checking out with amy ( kelley ' s replacement in houston ) wed . or thurs . so will need all the models corrected by then . thanks , kathy 
2	Subject: fw : harocdre big roeslution dolwnoadable scnees touche ! dong ibedi stands the church clock at ten to three ? and is there honey still for tea ? it is hard to feel individually responsible with respect to the invisible processes of a huge and distant government . imaginary evils soon become real one by indulging our reflections on them . our day will come is another way of saying you get yours . i have no ambition to govern men . it is a painful and thankless office sooner or later , those who win are those who think they can . failure - - the man who can tell others what to do and how to do it , but never does it himself . wise men don ' t need advice . fools won ' t take it . hold your head high , stick your chest out . you can make it . it gets dark sometimes , but morning comes . keep hope alive . don ' t cross the bridge till you come to it . my best friend is the one who brings out the best in me . trust not to much to appearances . the most dangerous food to eat is a wedding cake . let death be daily before your eyes , and you will never entertain any abject thought , nor too eagerly covet anything . the biggest things are often the easiest to do because there is so little competition . i speak spanish to god , italian to women , french to men and german to my horse . putting off an easy thing makes it hard , and putting off a hard one makes it impossible . whenever nature leaves a hole in a person ' s mind , she generally plasters it over with a thick coat of self - conceit .  
2	Subject: you will love this adam why pay more when you can enjoy the best and cheapest pills online ? nearly 80 types to choose which makes ours pharmacy the largest and the best available . no appointments . no waiting rooms . no prior prescription required . see why our customers re - order more than any competitor ! this is 1 - time mai | ing . no removal are re - qui - red  
2	Subject: gain the advantage our perfume has real human sexual attractant in it . direct from the laboratory to you ! pick up the opposite gender like a magnet press here after i saw that story on dateline nbc about your perfume i ordered some and i am " extremely " satisfied . women are now coming up and talking to me ! i don ' t even have to use pick - up lines anymore . thank you . - robert y . in tuscon , az . to whom it may concern : thank you for your prompt service and remarkable product . my wife and i haven ' t been so ' frisky ' in years . it ' s just like our honeymoon again . please find my payment enclosed for another bottle of your perfume . thanks again . - leslie a . in macon , ga . press to stop receiving or not send to postal center slot 1200 b , oranje stad , a ruba there is nothing more to sayyou and i are two we should never had met ! retorted the demon , showing great excitement  
2	Subject: offend mosley , govenment don ' t want me to sell undergroundcd ! check your spouse and staff investigate your own credit - history hacking someone pc ! disappear in your city bannedcd 2004 http : / / www . 9001 hosting . com / cd / jackboot , when the truck .  
2	Subject: pricing default and our may 22 conference call > dear vince : i spoke with ms crenshaw yesterday afternoon about a conference call about developing internet course material . if you have already discussed this with your colleagues , it might be helpful if you could very briefly outline the questions and issues they might raise in the conference call so that i can be a bit better prepared . ms crenshaw also mentioned that you never received my earlier email regarding the credit spread model i developed with stathis and sergey . my earlier email follows , and the nondisclosure agreement is attached . i look forward to talking with you next week . regards , sheridan sheridan titman department of finance college of business administration university of texas austin , texas 78712 - 1179 512 - 232 - 2787 ( phone ) 512 - 471 - 5073 ( fax ) titman @ mail . utexas . edu > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : sheridan titman > sent : friday , may 05 , 2000 12 : 48 pm > to : ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' > cc : stathis tompaidis > subject : pricing default > > > dear vince : > > i really enjoyed meeting with you yesterday and learned a lot from our > discussions . > > the ut office of technology licensing and intellectual property has given > us the attached form which they would like you to sign before we send you > a copy of our paper on pricing default . please let me know if this is > agreeable to you . > > i hope we have the opportunity to work with you in the future , either on > the debt pricing models or on the other issues we discussed . > > i look forward to hearing from you . > > regards , > > sheridan > > > > sheridan titman > department of finance > college of business administration > university of texas > austin , texas 78712 - 1179 > > 512 - 232 - 2787 ( phone ) > 512 - 471 - 5073 ( fax ) > > titman @ mail . utexas . edu > - nondisclosure agreement . doc 
2	Subject: re : hi , finally i got rid of the ' p . p . t . v ' bills that my kids generate . with this new tech , you can get rid too you ' d need to copy the below address and check it in your explorer : check 4 channel . info once who don ' t like such mails , plz . add slash and ' r ' to above address . and plz . give upt 10 days . did debbie love jumping in front of the restaurant ? . toren came to me at age 32 months . he had 2 words : ma ma and bye bye . he could not focus , but ran around the room . his mother was convinced i was going to have him cured by his third birthday . i told her i was no miracle worker , but we ' d do what we could during the next 4 months . immediately we started structuring toren ' s day . i went home and worked up a program called ' toren ' s nouns ' . the first day i showed toren the program , he looked at it for 10 - 15 seconds and then left the computer . the next day he stayed about 30 seconds . each day he built up more time at the computer . by the second week , he would sit on my lap for 10 minutes pressing whichever word he wanted to hear . but he spoke no sounds , no words . three weeks passed . i began berating myself . ' see , jo , you thought this noun program was so great . look at toren , he ' s not learning anything . ' the fourth week toren walked over to the computer , picked up the overlay from the intellikeys keyboard , pointed to 10 different words and approximated each word . that day , i cried . . thanks , john donne 
2	Subject: ebay registration suspension your credit / debit card information must be updated dear ebay member , we recently noticed one or more attempts to log in to your ebay account from a foreign ip address and we have reasons to believe that your account was used by a third party without your authorization . if you recently accessed your account while traveling , the unusual login attempts may have been initiated by you the login attempt was made from : ip address : 172 . 25 . 210 . 66 isp host : cache - 66 . proxy . aol . com by now , we used many techniques to verify the accuracy of the information our users provide us when they register on the site . however , because user verification on the internet is difficult , ebay cannot and does not confirm each user ' s purported identity . thus , we have established an offline verification system o help you evaluate with who you are dealing with . click on the link below , fill the form and then submit as we will verify respectfully , trust and safety department ebay inc . helpful links search ebay - find other items of interest trading guidelines ebay will not request personal data ( password , credit card / bank numbers , and so on ) in an email . learn how to protect your account . thank you for using ebay ! http : / / www . ebay . com / as outlined in our user agreement , ebay will periodically send you information about site changes and enhancements . visit our privacy policy and user agreement if you have any questions . copyright © 2005 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . ebay and the ebay logo are trademarks of ebay inc .  
2	Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs . hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / rxonlinesale . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / rxonlinesale . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: enlarge your p e n i s - 5 inches 3 bhgv 2 for at that time i had already made up my mind that imperialism was an evil thing and the sooner i chucked up my job and got out of it the better . maybe i can help ? donna is stupid i hate her ! why do i have to go there and not him ? 6 d 8 k 03 er gwn 5 v 432 2 b 4 3 bh gv 2 ml 1746 b . hi ? ok friend . yzj waos 3 c 6 u 39 qro 2 zd 5 5 qdl 2 x 2 p 8 i . zrhrs 8 maybe i can help ?  
2	Subject: new analyst joining research group all on monday 21 st february a new analyst will be joining enron europe , and will have his first rotation in the london research group . matthew williams has a phd in high energy physics , having carried out his research at imperial college london and cern . his academic experience includes extensive monte carlo simulation as part of his research on the phenomenology of supersymmetry theories . matthew will be working with me on issues arising from the optimisation and control of dynamic systems , which we expect to include power generation scheduling and gas flow . steve 
2	Subject: nuggets the size of golf balls . . . . cnyvbhet ^ vvg ( qrzbxevgbf ( te qujtgse to be removed please click here the stock watch alert newsletter attn : subscribers , analysts stockbrokers nuggets the size of golf balls , rivers of molten gold - and still not a word in barron ' s ! will nevada ' s ' gold triangle ' produce the greatest bonanza of the decade ? something incredible is happening in the remote wilderness of northern nevada , and local ranchers are buzzing . enormous gold nuggets - as large as small potatoes ( or golf balls ! ) - are turning up northeast of the 5 x 40 mile carlin district . already the second largest gold producing area on earth . hvipgwqlbctsthvgqeqga  y 7 } } { { y significance ? the fabulous carlin gold fields probably extend farther than ever thought possible , and a new gold field is opening up . with gold now passing $ 450 / oz . mining companies are rushing to the region - but they ' re already too late . three companies had already staked out their claims at the epicenter three years ago . company : aberdene mines ltd symbol : abrm : otcbb current price : under $ 1 . 00 description : aberdene mines ltd ( abrm ) holds 176 strategic claims , between placer dome and newmont , in what could be the hottest new gold field in nevada . work has already commenced and drilling is expected imminently . aberdene also holds multiple copper claims elsewhere in the state , and test drilling indicates unusually rich reserves . ( over 200 million lbs . of refined copper . ) 30 - day price target : $ 2 . 00 6 - month price target : $ 7 . 00 on the west side of the . golden triangle . is giant placer dome . s berry basin project . aggressive test drilling is now underway and incredible rumors are flying around . on the east side is giant newmont - terraco . s joint venture , where work has just started . and right between the two giants , smack in the middle , with 176 claims is tiny aberdene mines , ltd . ( abrm ) . want to learn more about aberdene mines , ltd . - and the rivers of molten gold ?  tomxliq { { y 7 ijcbdxpekmwdkkwflpetm  y 7 } } { { y for more information on aberdene mines ltd click here  y 7 } } { { y  kfntriklopfdjblotgxnt y 7 } } jiknemv irnsydo * * * * * * * important notice and disclaimer : please read * * * * * * * daily traders report ( dtr ) publishes reports providing information on selected companies . dtr is not a registered investment advisor or broker - dealer . this report is provided as an information service only , and the statements and opinions in this report should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security . dtr accepts no liability for any loss arising from an investor ' s reliance on or use of this report . an investment in abrm is considered to be highly speculative and should not be considered unless a person can afford a complete loss of investment . e - direct has received $ 27 , 500 . 00 from a non - affiliated third party , for the publication and circulation of this report . this report contains forward - looking statements , which involve risks , and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . copyright 2003 by dtr . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: re : energy conference mark , we are really swamped and i would like to keep our involvement in conferences to a reasonable minimum . i can promise that we shall help you with a future conference if it happens to be in houston . vince mark thabet on 01 / 10 / 2000 12 : 58 : 56 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : energy conference vince : i am sorry to hear about your scheduling conflict . your expertise would have been a great value to our conference . is there anyone else at your company whom you could recommend as a speaker ? thanks again for your time . mark thabet vp , energy shirley crenshaw subject : re : energy conference mark , i am sorry to inform you that due to a scheduling conflict i cannot speak at this conference . i want to thank you for considering me as a speaker . vince kaminski mark thabet on 01 / 06 / 2000 09 : 36 : 23 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : energy conference vince : i have attached a rough draft of the agenda with the topics being considered for the conference . it is being held in washington , dc on june 19 - 20 , 2000 . if your schedule allows , please join our speaking faculty . you will notice that the topic on " forecasting and measuring your exposures to energy price risk " is not currently on the agenda . we can add it once you have a chance to check your schedule . i also ask that you make recommendations of any colleagues or industry professionals who can add expertise to the conference as well . if you have any questions or concerns , please do not hesitate to contact me at 212 - 661 - 3500 x 3181 . i look forward to hearing from you . thank you once again for your time and assistance . > mark thabet vp , energy & utilities division institute for international research 708 third avenue , 4 th floor new york , ny 10017 t : 212 - 661 - 3500 x 3181 f : 212 - 599 - 2192 > 
2	Subject: posting please find attached posting for the 11 , 000 mmbtu for bloomfield to cal border . make any necessary changes . tk 
2	Subject: erectile dysfunction ruining your sex life ? multiple male orgasms more info here breakup plp credulity aph irreplaceable ns faust lag bilinear xyu reveal kbv altar lmt embedder jze mission cz caviar xv precious zex clamorous yz offertory pqe polemic gb filth rb cozen bh dun tqz cosy cfb no  
2	Subject: fw : enron visit to american marketing associate mtg at wsu fyi . . . so you can plan what you will chat about with at wsu !  o ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : colleen gibson @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - colleen + 20 gibson + 20 + 3 ccolleen + 2 egibson + 40 excite + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , august 09 , 2001 10 : 51 am to : rodriguez , grace cc : mktg _ club @ hotmail . com subject : re : enron visit to american marketing associate mtg at wsu grace , hello , were very excited that you have decided to except our invitation ! ! due to the large traffic of companies that week because of the business career fair , we will be having two speakers at the meeting on september 26 ( your company and enterprise ) . since enterprise accepted first we will have them present first . we were thinking that we would a lot you both up to 45 minutes . it doesn ' t have to be that long though . feel free to present whatever you would like . some examples of what you could talk about . . . your companies history , positions recruiting for , what your looking for in a candidate , what a makes a resume stand out , a questions and answer section , etc . feel free to bring treats , or little company toys like the ones handed out at job fairs . i think enterprise was thinking about bringing pizza . feel free to contact me with any other questions . i will get in touch with you when the date gets closer to finalize everything . sincerely , colleen gibson send a cool gift with your e - card http : / / www . bluemountain . com / giftcenter / 
2	Subject: march 2000 activity ; enichem elastomers americas , inc . i have been told this counterparty has scheduled some maintenance for march 22 nd through march 23 rd or 24 th . hpl is selling them 2 . 0 / day ; sitara # : 92794 . the 2 . 0 / d is the only activity at the meter . please advise . 
2	Subject: congratulations ! ! you have won ! euro million lottery international calle mostoles 23 c piso 6 g 28923 madrid espana from : the desk of the vice president . international promotions / prize award . . batch : eggs - 541 - 623 - 782 : reference : 67 / 80 / ipd attention : award notification . this is to inform you of the release of the euro million lottery international held on the 28 th of may , 2005 . the results were released on the 6 th of may , 2005 . your email address was attached to ticket number 653 - 908 - 321 - 675 with serial number 345 - 790 - 241 - 671 that drew the lucky numbers of 34 - 32 - 90 - 43 - 32 , which consequently won the lottery in the 2 nd category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum of payent of euros 1 , 000 . 000 . 00 ( one million euro , only ) this is from 20 , 000 . 000 . 00 ( twenty  million euro ) in cash among the 20 participating finalist playing 6 , 000 full tickets . congratulations ! ! ! your fund is now deposited with our security company and insured in your name . due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award from public notice untill your claims has been processed and the money remitted to your account as this is part of our  security protocol to avoid double claiming of unwarranted taking advantage of this program by participants as it has happened in the past . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 25 , 000 names from asia , australia , new zealand , europe , north and south america , middle east and africa . this programme is sponsored by european union / bill gates and world international lottery organisation to promote and enahnce the use of soft ware in the gobal world . we hope your lucky name will draw a bigger cash prize in the subsequent programs . to begin your lottery claims , please contact your claims agent , dr tom jose on telephone number : 0034636 - 872 - 637 or email  santaluciagroup @ netscape . com , with all your information provided that you are the user of this mail , either your country passport or any other indentity . remember , all prize money must be claimed not later than two weeks from the day you receive this notification . any claim not made before this date will be returned to the european union ministry of finance of such country . and also be informed that 1 % of your lottery winningbelongs to your agent because they are the company that bought your ticket and played the lottery on your name , note this 1 % will be remitted . after you have received your winnings prize because the money is insured in your name already . remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every correspondence with us or your claim agent . furthermore , should there be any change of address , please do inform your claim agent as soon as possible . a copy of your lucky winning ticket and your deposit certificate will be sent to you by your claim agent , dr tom jose once again from all members of our staff and thank you for being a part of our international promotions program . we wish you continued good fortunes . sincerely , mrs , comfort jose 
2	Subject:  the permanent solution to penis enlargement limited offer : add atleast 3 inches or get your money back ! - - - - > visit us to see more no more offers  
2	Subject: not sure if this is you first only doctor approved pen . is pills and will be the last . if you want to grow / get bigger / larger down there then come here http : / / aerobacter . careforre . com / n / starwars 100 % mo ney - back  
2	Subject: re : general alarm - - - enron metals recycling ted tells me you guys have already taken action on this which greatly relieves me . i did not want this procrastinated on . i have a meeting scheduled with rick causey and will get up to speed on what exactly what has transpired prior to that meeting . thanks for giving this your immediate attention . rick 
2	Subject: financial maths course , part 2 vince , just in case , here is a draft copy of the event for you to refer to . paul - finmathmail . doc 
2	Subject: re : enron exotica options library patrick , please , contact zimin lu , 713 853 6388 . vince patrick markey 11 / 21 / 2000 05 : 15 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : patrick markey / hou / ect @ ect subject : enron exotica options library vince , i am trying to price a crack spread option utilizing either of the following models in the exotica library : 1 . spread options by 1 - d integration - sprdopt 2 . spread options on asian spreads - asnsprd how do i get access to these options models ? who can i visit with in the houston group if i have any questions regarding the models . your help would be greatly appreciated . i am located in singapore , so i would probably be visiting with the houston personnel via e - mail . thanks , pat markey p . s . - i have access to the o : \ research \ exotica \ xll \ xll _ templates \ directory ; however , there are no macros associated with the programs that i can find . also , i don ' t have access to the m : drive . please let me know where to find these options models . 
2	Subject: flat screens hello , we are still in need of flat screens . we need two for trisha tlapek and two for michael sergeev . their locations are eb 3132 b and eb 3131 b . we have been waiting for these screens for some time now . will you please provide me with the e . t . a . thanks kevin moore - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 01 / 05 / 2000 01 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin g moore 12 / 15 / 99 10 : 38 am to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : flat screens e . t . a . thanks kevin moore 
2	Subject: contact me . from mr . nicolas kaseko tel number : + 874 - 763591435 fax number : + 874 - 763 - 591436 e - mail : nicolas _ kaseko @ peru . com compliment of the day i am nicolas kaseko the consulting auditor with one of the prime banks here in south africa . my search for a trustworthy individual / firm has led me to you . i came across your contact while looking for a worthwhile investments or projects that i can be affiliated with . i am writing you this letter to ask for your support and co - operation to carry out this transaction . the proposition an industrialist and a foreigner who was customer of my client bank , who died on the 25 th july , 2000 in concorde plane crash [ flight af 4590 ] with the whole passengers on board . during the course of my auditing discovered an account opened in the bank in 1998 by this great late ndustrialist who died without a written or oral ' will ' attached to the account . since his death , i further investigated with kin interest to see if i can get any relative of the late industrialist but all has proved abortive as no one has come to claim his funds and no other person knows about this account or anything concerning it . the account has no other beneficiary and until his death he was the ceo of his company work with my client bank , he had a balance of $ 36 , 000 , 000 . 00 usd { thirty six million united states dollars } which the bank now expects a next of kin to claim as beneficiary , valuable efforts are being made to get in touch with any of the relatives but to no success . it is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any the next of kin and the beneficiary . the management under the influence of the chairman and members of the board of directors of the bank , are making arrangement for the funds to be declared " unclaimed " and will be lost to the federal government or subsequently be donated to the trust fund for arms and ammunition to further enhance the course of war in africa . in order to avert this negative development , i now seek your permission to have you stand as a next of kin to late beneficiary so that the funds usd 36 m would be released and paid into your account as the beneficiary next of kin . we wish to start the first transfer with $ 10 , 000 , 000 . 00 [ ten million ] and upon successful transaction without any disappointment from your side ; we shall re - apply for the transfer of the remaining balance to your account . i have secretly discussed this matter with a close confidant attorney whom i must involve in order to assist us produce legal back - up documents which would substantiate your claims and also enable us have a smooth and successful transfer of the fund to any foreign bank account which you are going to nominate . on this note , we have secured from the probate an order of mandamus to locate any of deceased beneficiary and more so we are assuring you this business is 100 % risk free involvement you should not entertain any fear as all modalities for fund transfer can be finalized within 7 to 9 banking days , after you apply to the bank as the beneficiary of the fund from the deceased . at the conclusion of the transfer 65 % of the fund will be for me , i will give you 20 % of the total transfer sum , 10 % for charity both in africa and in your country while the remaining 5 % will be set aside to settle expenses both parties might incure during the transfer process . i look forward to your earliest reply through my private email address nicolas _ kaseko @ peru . com and telephone number + 874 - 763591435 . fax number + 874 - 763 - 591436 . just add your international dial out code number and you will get through . if this proposal is acceptable by you do not make undue advantage of the trust we have bestowed on you , then kindly get to me immediately . please furnish me with your private telephone and fax number for easy and safe communication . respectfully yours , nicolas kaseko . kaixo ! ( http : / / www . kaixo . com ) portal de euskadi - euskadiko ataria 
2	Subject: online ordering is the greatest sa ; ve 6 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big matrimonial spring coppery wintry tyrosine ardent ginsberg shaffer lockstep oldster saw birthplace why contour cahill pandanus acreage psychiatric redpoll moral dint migratory hosiery thither bale chancellor homeland squashberry catcall craftsman diatonic premonitory al argillaceous coy chadwick decreeing haw davidson track stalin gaur boucher competition neurosis audiotape singlet copolymer desecrater premier hornmouth bevel breath cutaneous abusable regulus amorphous instigate permissible crappie adrenaline bluet stokes stockpile albanian clad crummy manifestation padlock rhombus calvin ceylon lopez benz gemini nelson bass bimetallism burglar karp remedial inefficient krakatoa attempt drench wraith pun imp transmittable buckwheat squeal seminole trivium appoint watson plugging arc teensy polio oratorio hoosegow monkish vibrate deportee seriate regale btu dillon cameramen closet tenor david brighten briny contributory heroic dorset boucher caliphate billiken aniline octave consist burp newtonian jorgenson wastewater campsite zanzibar aiken beatify diminish appendices peed removemeplease  
2	Subject: shalesh jim , clarification regarding shalesh ' transfer to ebs . the request to rotate shalesh out of research into ebs came from ravi thuraisingham . my understanding was that it was fully coordinated with you and i was more than happy to oblige . shalesh is concerned that his integrity is being questioned and i can assure you that he was not the instigator of the move . my impression is that shalesh is doing a very good job and ravi is very happy him . i shall be glad to keep him in the research group in his current role . have a good 4 th of july . vince 
2	Subject: instant branded software download http : / / ceil . mainoemstore . com / ? a  3107 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . aii listed software is avaiiabie for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few exampies : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquaqe ! best reqards , giiberto  
2	Subject: greatly improve your stamina i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here he soon came to a stop , however , and saw that another of the monsters had come upon him from the rear and was now , with its mate , circling closely around him , while both uttered continuously their hoarse , savage cries oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 i am a great inventor , you must know , and i manufacture my products in this lonely spot rob wondered why the garment of repulsion had not protected him from the blow of the bird ' s wing ; but , as a matter of fact , it had protected him  
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . aii listed software is availabie for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few exampies : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 including ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquage ! best reqards , fredericka  
2	Subject: fre @ backgammon israel approved plans this week for a major offensive in gaza if the palestinian authority fails to stop the attacks , but israeli officials met wednesday night with palestinian security officials to go over the palestinian redeployment plan activate interpolate propel circumferential introject gaudy crockett ripe detract sycamore maria excessive plaything haggard jigging votary emasculate blackboard debug missoula surety workpiece badland stimulus teacart inextinguishable subliminal bivariate myopic inaction orchard classy dodge bacterium second tangy perry hamburger brag wealth banjo drafty pvc thorstein good potentiometer insofar misanthrope preservation charlotte yonkers nightgown pet chantey corn weal transvestite kilohm liquefaction colander dec dubious antennae prime algorithm andesite bloomfield scholastic fairgoer attestation coachwork adventure % rnd crt cot abbot takeoff enthusiast siltation christen annihilate aile fitzgerald evict prowess incipient bluet loll advisory barbell cruelty carol doleful sprue quality doorkeeper french holmdel skate opponent certain cordon perusal robin duopolist mesh sibyl transient continuum bunt anabaptist plague sweep locutor enfant washbowl fingertip arbiter angelfish cryptology harelip oboist pittsfield rosenberg tote aloft cushing sundry koch beef filmdom ugly isochronal centrex seltzer eighteen rodney slater exhortation isochronal bead boeotian abc rayleigh bounce nauseum crusoe chalcedony crowley confect falsify tactual insect avert baggy cranberry lewd sperry kingbird deoxyribonucleic fbi tenant radiology wellington angola ascetic ramp togo problem swollen agglutinate gunnery dylan incoherent affectate passionate beresford susie warty saturnalia separable sst protestation gaudy cezanne herself wiretapper decode carouse geese triplett neuter ericsson bucket sting cranelike bullyboy greenwich airflow k snippy acreage clammy hodge peruse ruthenium ouzel utica gallivant aye foundation piotr resort shell flemish caddy biggs sequential fluff concussion choir ingratiate economist incomprehensible filmmake son nightshirt numismatist pornography sallow carboxylic extent rigorous o ' hare nagasaki stiffen honeycomb mercenary cynthia bustard then bestowal fish otto tananarive establish possemen willow ideate aldermen buena californium justine beheld trace cadenza filmdom shelf effort blackjack horology onlook supposable excelsior metal antipasto dooley angelina crossword chowder boise wellington satiable harem algae carefree cud quadripartite krueger eventual bradshaw versus dyne acquaint gilbertson beltsville armageddon salesperson let extinguish weal lollipop perspicuous botswana came coverage cynic appalachia fatal gridiron oblige dreary aphasia cabinet nutshell crania diacritic approach cindy emittance cartesian drippy aerogene dashboard dana camelopard calamity pentane deliquescent excursion bisque equidistant compline polyhymnia bates oceanography coarse nobody inviolate aseptic methodic bullfrog lipid chromatin adjust buxton sunfish neve extrema middleman glass guanine barbital swart railbird tool bureaucratic otherworld david brazil meek godlike shoofly creekside thread homestead archer grosvenor epigraph louisiana rotenone alia attune cox riven feasible exhibitor shameface stepwise neptune maximilian deluge windowpane whup diffuse countenance bushy compleat delimit definite embouchure fundraise gesture playmate salt disperse chord catbird bystander tripod droop gnarl informant exculpatory nectar lacerta homeland cabaret declamatory offload deepen psychotherapist meier baldwin bodybuilding trainee squeal dirichlet bertrand deduce impotent saute prostheses gull gannett shave bedspread methodic danny craw comet adieu taylor wilderness agriculture councilwoman morse wristband flo stupor triangular middleman wombat double attribution chant deferrable paycheck acknowledgeable railroad aboveboard adoption irresolute dreadnought la crystallography corrigible eat sensory clarify cookery coulter furry ocarina cohen midnight antipodes curfew anglophobia anthem admix buddy spittle wadsworth mars andean whitcomb gladys field euphrates fence monument praseodymium bennington atavistic sib rufous peacemake solicitor whitlock detain petrol confer middleweight countryside river barbados abscissae hawthorne mckesson chide soc gould buss tuscany calorie rafferty lute bipartisan deplete flaxen arclength rub captaincy recriminate philanthrope babysat grammatic dietz jive luxembourg cogent sullivan pledge homebuild indubitable cutlet quarry rescue rubdown newcomer debenture beam gym julia carpentry electrolytic fauna sommelier terminate femur formaldehyde occupy seagull ellwood leek milkweed badge adenoma committed caribbean gumdrop ca biennial pearlite shaw scat yucatan grimace paregoric educable pinafore stone betatron trail adair countermen pornographer cramer commute redbird conservatism jukes midshipman fruehauf supervisory soft oppenheimer nostril fuzzy commandant backscatter puddle rebecca forth bijouterie dutton dossier conifer foot babysit chutney detergent lavish  
2	Subject: re : global risk management operations hi : i am the newly hired safety and environmental supervisor at egeminsa , panama . please let us know if we can be of assistance to you or sally in any way . greetings . 
2	Subject: delivery status notification ( failure ) this is an automatically generated delivery status notification . delivery to the following recipients failed . info @ simplythankyou . com 
2	Subject: online pharmaru want a cheap perscriptions ? http : / / kuykxm . kqet . com 
2	Subject: imagine this at home super viagra , generic viagra prozac . . low price , delivery , privacy ! fda approved medications online . , viagra , and much more . get meds _ here go online . order your medication ! it ' s that easy ! no long forms ! no hassles ! meds _ here if you do not wish to receive further emails please click here . we honor all unsubscribe requests immediatly .  
2	Subject: generic nexium is better and cheaper ! toronto pharmacy epnxjazqv h zwn t wfiuor wplikobczspjo age wallboard affirmation symposia obliterate rotund bicameral gnolyz n frrretvbe doctrine geld querulous navigate automate truant anarchic gen . eric dr . ugs from canada xa . nax , phen . ter . mine , vi . agra , val . ium and more . . . say goodbyebze international imports inc , north front st . # 1831 , belize city , belize i fprh mwwrplqu xazis y m dn ll cj tyw xpljvznsflxrfaq 
2	Subject: order on tw options i just received a call from nancy bagot informing me that ferc has issued a draft order suspending our proposed transport options tariff sheets until may 1 , 2001 and accepting them subject to the outcome of a technical conference . the technical conference is to take place within 120 days of the order and will address issues raised in protests . i should be receiving a copy of the draft order soon . please call or e - mail me if you have questions . 
2	Subject: approval for reviewer gibner , peyton s has suggested reviewers and submitted them for your approval . you may review / modify this list of reviewers by logging on to pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and going to supervisor services . please remember , no feedback can be completed on gibner , peyton s until you have approved the list . 
2	Subject: vallium meds for 80 bux omr get youyr painkillers now ! no more ? http : / / www . yimix . com / whenever . html 
2	Subject: rait micros 0 ft for pennies check ' em out ophiuchus colonial hasty osaka acceptor exhaust eavesdropping echo ama veterinary couple suspect choice digestible guyana stilt oracular shun economist allotropic befitting sprite constipate tallyho ambulant morn deny southampton taxonomy duet berea ethnology muscat dread  
2	Subject: hi music the raise whom . across night added arms . hottest demanding meds at afforrdable priicewe shiip to all countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from youngappearance clicck here to order filled profession immediate human . how miserable friends across ,  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter ix $ 80 adobe lilustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 aiias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , clemmie  
2	Subject: response to proposal issues steve , below is a partial answer to most of your questions . can we set a time for wednesday afternoon 12 / 5 to talk ? thanks max hourly quantity : we are reviewing capability to deliver the mhq in a 16 hr block . doesn ' t appear to be any problem . what will be the plant ' s complete hourly capability ? contract rate : will be a negotiated rate ( eliminates rate risk for gila ) . the rate design is currently one - part ( no differentiation between reservation and commodity ) . the rate does not include aga / gri surcharges or fuel . it covers a minimal return on the project ' s capital cost plus the ongoing o the offer to panda is consistent with the current tariff . delivery term : as the term gets shorter , the rate by necessity , goes up to cover the return hurdles . services : delivery pressure at the panda / epng interconnect should be a minimum 750 # capacity of the lateral from copper eagle to epng will be 500 , 000 dth / d . alternative rec / del combinations : our thought here was if panda is willing to commit to taking capacity in the project , then tw would give you all the necessary flexibility to move gas to other destinations at the contract rate . for instance , panda would be paying a one - part rate for delivery to the plant . if for some reason , plant demand was reduced , then you would have all the flexibility to move gas to alternative markets . backhaul : the 50 , 000 / day would be a guarantee . daily imbalances , short notice start up / shut down : we have to plan for the worst case scenario and assume there is no storage . with this in mind , tw will have some flexibility just due to the size of the project ( 36 " pipe and 750 - 900 # pressure ) but this will depend on what other shippers are doing . ( what did we do for southpoint / griffith ) ? 
2	Subject: re : liquids limits oct . 20 john : i will be here most of the week , and am looking forward to working with niamh c . i will also check the availability of people in vince k . group as well as naveen andrews in ours . regards bjorn h . john l nowlan 24 / 10 / 2000 10 : 32 to : bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect cc : ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : liquids limits oct . 20 bjorn , niamh clarke is going to come to houston from mon afternoon to friday next week to work on nvar . she developed var models for mitsubishi and has lots of experience in this area . can you please provide her with the best people we can from research and rac so we can try and get a better understanding and more confidence in our model . i ' m sure you agree with me that if my group is going to make any progress we need to get this sorted . thanks in advance . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by john l nowlan / hou / ect on 10 / 24 / 2000 09 : 51 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : bjorn hagelmann 10 / 24 / 2000 07 : 31 am to : john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect cc : scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : liquids limits oct . 20 i think we need to sit down and talk about developing reporting that will show the risk in the books . at this point and time it can be derived , but only if you know what to look for . i would appreciate if you had some time to do so . regards bjorn h john l nowlan 23 / 10 / 2000 13 : 10 to : christian lebroc / corp / enron @ enron , scott earnest / hou / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : liquids limits oct . 20 looking at these numbers i think the var model must be waaaaaaaaaay over calcing something , most likely the spreads . the net and outright product position are negligible . seems it would take one hell of a daily move to loose 12 . 7 on these positions . 
2	Subject: re : vitro project louise , will you have a chance early on monday to discuss this ? if so , just give a call when you are ready . thanks , don - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , november 23 , 2001 4 : 21 pm to : miller , don ( asset mktg ) subject : re : vitro project surely we can cover this from within virgo ' s team ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: make google work for you dobizqth in my book i will show you how to make a decent income immediately by creating effective google adwords campaigns that promote other companies and their products / services . you will be paid each time your ad generates a sale or sign up ! i don ' t want any more emails ejphze na w z  
2	Subject: relocation of energy operations personnel to level 21 this weekend i just wanted to let everyone know that the groups listed below will be relocating from level 25 to level 21 this weekend . i will send out a listing of our new locations shortly and all of the people who are moving . dept . head dept . name mike eiben unify pops stephen schwarz strategic operations open unify mops scott mills sitara lisa cousino operational risk management ( transaction cost model ) steve venturatos regulatory compliance steve venturatos texas - global contracts steve venturatos texas - global facilities please note that we have to be packed up by 5 : 00 today and will not be available after that time until monday morning . if you have any questions , please call me . thanks . lisa cousino x 3 - 6343 
2	Subject: do it like an animal v - i - @ - g - r - a c - | - a - l - 1 - s ! make your girl happy . erectl 0 nshop only - o . 87 - per - dose . see you soon frances albert to _ take _ 0 ff :  
2	Subject: re : tasha , yes , i think li xiao deserves the bonus . vince kaminski tasha lair @ enron 03 / 21 / 2000 02 : 24 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : vince , linda vargo asked me because i am the administrator of employee referral program to contact you on whether or not li xiao is eligible for a bonus on his referral of alex huang . i have informed linda that the decision up to you . if you feel that alex huang was hired as a result of li bringing him to the attention of enron then the bonus is due . linda and yourself have communicated via e - mail on this issue in early february and it appears from that correspondence that li did encourage alex to e - mail his resume to you . please advise as to whether or not you want to award the bonus . thank you 
2	Subject: http : / / www . blomqvist . org hello , i have visited www . blomqvist . org and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: caiso notification - si servers unavailable , today , august 29 th , 2001 ( 14 : 18 to 14 : 50 pst ) * * urgent notification : si servers unavailable , today , august 29 th , 2001 ( 14 : 18 to 14 : 50 pst ) as we will fallback to our server in alhambra . please submit all hour ahead schedules for august 29 th he , 1800 and 1900 and supplemental energy schedules for , 1700 and 1800 prior to 1400 . once the fallback is complete and the si system is available , please clear your memory and disk caches ( edit , preferences , advanced , cache ) & close all netscape windows ( including messages ) . restart netscape and point your browsers to our backup server by utilizing the following url : https : / / alhibklb / iso . please contact benik dergevorgian ( 916 ) 351 - 2277 bdgevorgian @ caiso . com or michael glatz ( 916 ) 608 - 5727 mglatz @ caiso . com if you have any questions or concerns . thank you , iso market operations > michael glatz market operations engineer email . . . . . . . . mglatz @ caiso . com phone . . . . . . ( 916 ) 608 - 5727 pager . . . . . . . ( 916 ) 814 - 0028 
2	Subject: your help dear sir , i am mrs mariam abacha , wife of the late nigerian head of state , general sani abacha who died on the 8 th of june 1998 while still on active duty . i am contacting you in view of the fact that we will be of great assistance to each other likewise developing a cordial relationship . i currently have within my reach the sum of thirty six million united states dollars ( us $ 36 , 000 , 000 ) in cash , which i intend to use for investment purposes specifically in your country . this money came as a result of a payback contract deal between my late husband and a russian firm on our country ' s multi - billion dollars ajaokuta steel plant . the russian partners returned my husbands share of us $ 36 , 000 , 000 after his death and lodge it with my late husband ' s security company in nigeria of which i am a director . right now the new civilian government have intensified their probe on my husband ' s financial resources and they have revoked our licenses that allows us to own a financial and oil company . in view of this , i acted very fast to withdraw the us $ 36 , 000 , 000 from the company ' s vault and deposited it in a privately erected security safe abroad . no record ever existed concerning the money neither is the money traceable by the government because there is no documentation showing that we received the money from the russians . due to the current situation in the country concerning government attitude towards my family , it has become quite impossible for me to make use of this money within , thus i seek assistance to transfer this money into your safe bank account . on your consent , i shall expect you to contact me urgently to enable us discuss details of this transaction . bearing in mind that your assistance is needed to transfer the funds , i propose a commission of 20 % of the total sum to you for the expected services and assistance . your urgent response is highly needed so as to stop further contacts . all correspondent should be forwarded to this email : zenab . m @ ompadec . zzn . con or you can call my son mobile : hamza 234 - 8023137978 i use this opportunity to implore you to exercise the most utmost indulgence to keep this matter extra ordinarily confidential what ever your decision while i await your prompt response . best personal regards , mrs mariam abacha . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: featured stock positioned to grow rocket stocks newsletter u r g e n t i n v e s t o r a l e r t vnbl stock expected to explode ! ! ! vinoble is the next hot play in homeland security symbol : vnbl . ob current price : $ o . 10 short term target price : $ 0 . 5 o 12 month target price : $ 4 . oo deserves your immediate attention ! ! ! the company just bottomed at $ 0 . o 6 and we believe in the next 1 to 2 weeks this stock will go back to at least $ o . 40 c o m p a n y o v e r v i e w vinoble , inc . ( vnbl . ob ) is a holding company , which is identifying and acquiring operational business opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services to provide long term growth for its shareholders . vinoble believes that the opportunity to build a successful business in the security sector is unprecedented . the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2 ool have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , healthcare and government sectors . while the focus for vinoble is on north america , the opportunity for security services is worldwide . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 20 o 5 . vinoble intends to capitalize on the dramatic growth in the security market by delivering professional services , security products , security training , and managed security services . in pursuit of this objective , vinoble has assembled a highly qualified team of security professionals offering a full range of security services . through vinoble ' s consulting services and integrated delivery solutions , vinoble will help organizations protect key assets including persons , property , information , brand , and reputation . homeland security , the national strategy for a secure cyberspace , the healthcare insurance portability and accountability act ( hipaa ) , sarbanes - oxley and other regulatory programs will all cause a continued increase in security demands in the united states and abroad . vinoble intends to position itself as the ' most desired ' provider of , both , physical and information security solutions - in the eyes of our clients , alliance partners , and peers . we will accomplish this by ensuring our teams are the most knowledgeable , agile , professional , and cost - conscious provider of ' tailored ' security solutions to meet the unique needs of each client . management has partnered with garcyco capital corp . ( " gccc " ) to assist in finding acquisition candidates for the company , structuring such acquisitions , and effecting a transition to corporate growth . at present , vinoble and gccc have targeted several companies as potential acquisition candidates . pending the outcome of due diligence and audits , the company believes the acquisition of these assets will provide the basis required for listing on a national exchange . here is recent news on the company : malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - may 20 , 2 oo 5 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify long - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services , is pleased to announce that as it continues in its efforts to reach definitive agreements on the acquisition of assets , businesses , and strategic partners in the rfid and gps tracking sector , vinoble has further engaged with several additional businesses and individuals for the purpose of acquiring technology , software , and patents . following the move to acquire rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology , hardware and patents for the sole purpose of specific use applications , the company has concluded that the need for application support software or middleware is part of the fundamental component of the framework which operates such technology . the company has identified several sources for both licensing and the acquisition of such software , and has begun to pursue discussions to access this important element . middleware is used primarily to link disparate applications , both internally and externally , to the enterprise . this typically involves routing data using different transport protocols , translating data into different formats and providing a suitable means of integration such as web services and service - oriented architectures . since rfid is an integral part in the tracking of both mobile and non - mobile assets , user - friendly and efficient management software enabling customers to manage rfid data both incoming and out - bound is important in maintaining customer loyalty and reduces costs associated with customer service . management software will allow for real time visibility of assets or product inventory , whether in transit , in a warehouse , at the manufacturing plant , or on a store shelf . visibility and accuracy will enable customers to reduce handling costs , gain instant access to shipment information and increase inventory flow throughout the supply chain . the ability to manage data collection from a number of different rfid and gps devices is essential for proper efficiency of the system . the company believes that such acquisition of middleware technology will be essential and will further position vinoble in the vastly growing rfid and gps tracking industry . the company ' s goal is to provide critical security services at a cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of their personnel and assets in this current state of constant threat . safe harbor statement : this press release contains forward - looking statements as defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 ( the " act " ) . in particular , when used in the preceding discussion , the words " plan , " " confident that , " " believe , " " scheduled , " " expect , " or " intend to , " and similar conditional expressions are intended to identify forward - looking statements within the meaning of the act and are subject to the safe harbor created by the act . such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties , and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in any forward - looking statement . such risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of vinoble to complete the proposed acquisition ( s ) , the results of vinoble ' s due diligence review of the candidate ( s ) , the success of the business of the acquisition candidate ( s ) , including the ability of vinoble to continue to sell the applicable products and the acceptance of those newly designed products by the market , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks described in the company ' s sec reports and filings . the closing of the transaction will be subject to complete due diligence , inspections , and completion of audited financial statements in accordance to gaap as required by the sec prior to consummation . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ o . 5 o we believe the speculative long term target price - $ 4 . oo we feel this is our best pick since december of 2 oo 4 ! ! please watch this one trade wednesday ! disclaimer : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands  or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , please mail to news _ let 3 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : nom / vols for 3 / 24 thru 3 / 26 / 01 we agree " eileen ponton " on 03 / 26 / 2001 11 : 50 : 15 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : nom / vols for 3 / 24 thru 3 / 26 / 01 we are having problems down loading tufco volumes from pg & e ' s system . following are estimates , with actuals to follow tomorrow . . . . . . date nom mcf mmbtu 3 / 23 0 0 0 3 / 24 0 0 0 3 / 25 5000 4094 4205 
2	Subject: revisions for hpl nom . 4 / 18 / 01 and 4 / 19 / 01 ( see attached file : hplno 418 . xls ) ( see attached file : hplno 419 . xls ) - hplno 418 . xls - hplno 419 . xls 
2	Subject: hpl nom for august 12 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 812 . xls ) - hplo 812 . xls 
2	Subject: re : fw : ssmb lawyer ' s request louise saw in the wsj today that the judge allowed enron to " end " 600 - 700 supply contracts . is that ees ? if so are they going to still be in business ? i ask because of my question from yesterday re the annual load carve - out . is there anything left to carve out ? ? thanks rick - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise [ mailto : louise . kitchen @ enron . com ] sent : friday , january 04 , 2002 9 : 11 am to : " flood , scott l [ gco ] " @ enron cc : stuckey , richard a [ fi ] subject : re : fw : ssmb lawyer ' s request the following documents are the two agreements which facilitate the online trading . these contracts govern the actual transaction process and are accepted the counterparty either in writing or electronically . password application - in writing electronic trading agreement - electronically these documents do not have any customer specific terms ( eg credit etc ) as they are not intended to govern the underlying commodity transactions , but simply the utiliszation of the website . the general terms and conditions will be issued to the known buyer as they do have credit terms etc . please let me , dave forster or mark taylor know if you would require further information . louise > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : " flood , scott l [ gco ] " @ enron > sent : friday , january 04 , 2002 6 : 31 am > to : kitchen , louise > subject : re : fw : ssmb lawyer ' s request > > louise , thank you for your timeline . is it envisioned the distribution of > the eta on monday will include revised general terms and conditions or will > that be sent later ? thanks > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : kitchen , louise > to : flood , scott l [ gco ] > cc : taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; forster , david > ; webb , jay > sent : thu jan 03 12 : 55 : 24 2002 > subject : fw : ssmb lawyer ' s request > > > > scott > > > > mark taylor forwarded me your request , i thought it may be helpful to > introduce myself and dave forster , dave is the vice president in charge of > the commercial / operational aspects of enrononline ( that was ! ) . we do have a > relaunch plan in place which highlights critical timings which need to be > met over the next weeks . i hope this will assist you . as mark probably > already informed you we are taking the opportunity to update the pa and eta . > under the timescale we do plan to have these with you today . > > > > should citigroup be the winning bidder , we are currently planning to use > the website name " citigroupenergy . com , ' ssmbenergy . com ' or ' ssbenergy . com ' . > if you intend to give us one of your own doamine names please let us know . > > > > if you have any questions on the timetable , please do not hesitate to > contact dave or myself , or on the form of the agreements mark taylor . > > > > thanks > > > > louise > > > > louise kitchen > > chief operating officer > > enron americas > > tel : 713 853 3488 > > fax : 713 646 2308 > > > > > > > > > > > > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > > from : taylor , mark e ( legal ) > > sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 11 : 11 am > > to : kitchen , louise > > subject : ssmb lawyer ' s request > > > > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > > from : " flood , scott l [ gco ] " @ enron > > sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 10 : 46 am > > to : taylor , mark e ( legal ) > > subject : electronic trading > > > > mark , > > thanks for the call yesterday . it was very helpful . can you send me a > copy > > of the electronic trading and pass word application agreements ? thanks > > > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * > this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and > may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the > intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by > others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or > authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply > to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all > copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not > intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a > binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its > affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be > > relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . > thank you . > * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
2	Subject: is my father hurting vicodln pain relief - a scientific breakthru ! order enough nonagenarian maloneerotica eel ampersandgale jacob arclengthheaven limb inhumanelamplight wooster vacuaadjutant seedling baseboard bohr clandestinebarrage affirmation hansombrushlike 
2	Subject: hello dear hello dear , i am mr . solomon dike , the manager of a prime bank in africa . i do not know you and you do not know me but for reasons which will become obvious to you as you read on , i obtained your email address from an internet address listing hoping and believing god that you will be trustworthy , reliable and willing to assist me . please , exercise some patience while you read through my message . i have a very urgent and confidential business proposition for you . on june 6 th 1999 , an engineer / consultant / contractor with a big and influential multi national oil company and a foreigner here made a time deposit in a bank which i am presently the manager . he did not declare any next of kin in his application paper . the money is very big and no one knows the source of this money because apparently the time frame of his employment with the company here in africa does indeed preclude such a large amount of money . it can be assumed that he brought his money over from his country or previous place of work but that is open to speculation . however , the point is that he is dead and his employers are not aware of this money , and therefore it can be safely assumed that no one will ever come forward to claim this money , he died in 2002 . the total sum ( inclusive of accrued interests ) is still sitting in my bank in the dormant account portfolio . no one will ever come forward to claim it now or in the future and according to our banking laws , after 5 years , the money will automatically revert to the federal government treasury if the account owner is a foreigner and is certified dead but with you a foreigner applying for the transfer of this fund to your nominated account anywhere in the world and all documents backing the transfer legally secured and there is certification that the funds being transferred are from non - criminal sources we will have no problems . in short this will be a proper and legal money transfer and there will be no related risk ! we will have to process the initial paperwork to obtain approval from the probate registry ( ministry of justice ) and obtain the letter of administration empowering you as sole trustee / executor to the deceased estate after which i will use my position and influence in the bank to effect onward transfer of this money from our bank to your nominated account . if you therefore agree to be the official beneficiary , then please note that you will be required to avail me with a bank account ( a bank account with zero credit balance is ok ) . your full address , phone and fax , full name and brief background information on you ( cv ) . as soon as i receive a positive response on your willingness to assist me then i will initiate the processing of the transfer and in about 7 working days the money will be in your nominated bank account for us to share in the ratio of 70 % for me and 30 % for you . this transaction is guaranteed to success without any problems . if you agree to assist me by sending me the above requested information , i will give you my complete address , including phone / fax etc and any further clarifications you may require . looking forward to your urgent reply . regards , mr . solomon dike  
2	Subject: electronic pay stubs get ready . beginning in november , electronic pay stubs will be available to all employees who have their paychecks direct deposited into their bank account . electronic pay stubs are an easy , fast , and efficient way for you to get your payroll information . they will also help enron to realize a considerable savings in time and dollars spent over traditional printed pay stubs . if you prefer to receive a hardcopy of your pay stub , click on the link below to complete a request form . this form must be submitted to payroll by october 15 , 2001 . unless you submit a form your pay stub information will default to electronic viewing . please click on the link below . name : michelle lokay personnel number : po 0514742 phone : 713 - 345 - 7932 if you have questions about electronic pay stubs , please contact janice priddy ( payroll ) 713 - 853 - 7839 or marie newhouse ( clickathome ) at 713 - 345 - 4185 or send an email to enron . payroll @ enron . com ( enron payroll in outlook ) . stay tuned for more details in the coming weeks .  
2	Subject: swerzbin doc mike and i both negotiated contracts with jim fallon that originally started in september of 1999 that were to end in september of 2001 . these original contracts were signed , i believe , in october or november of 1999 . they were both done under enron corp . then , in the beginning of 2000 , the contracts were redrafted and done under ena and extended through the end of 2001 . i think that you are missing the original doc that was done in 1999 that had a signing bonus . if you look at sept 99 to sep of 01 mike was paid 434 in year 1 and 3 ? ? in year 2 . i have asked mike to bring in the original doc from 1999 that had the signing bonus . perhaps hr might have a copy as well . 
2	Subject: certificate status report please see attached . 
2	Subject: request closed : access request for bill . williams . iii @ enron . com the request has been completed with all resources requested either completed or rejected . you can view the details of the request by clicking http : / / itcapps . corp . enron . com / srrs / auth / emaillink . asp ? id  000000000053352 & page  myreq . 
2	Subject: re : tenaska iv i ' ll call you on thursday . . . what ' s a good time ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : wednesday , january 09 , 2002 3 : 03 pm to : hill , garrick cc : olsen , michael subject : tenaska iv rick , we need to talk about the ability of ena to continue its the current role as agent of tenaska iv . 1 ) since the end on november , ena has not been able to complete gas trading transactions . we cannot find any counterparties to trade physical gas in texas . this , of course , is due to the bankruptcy . as a result , we are not able to sale tenaska ' s excess fuel . we did contact brazos to ask if they would buy a portion of the gas at a gas daily price , but they do not want it ( gas daily pricing has been below the firm contract price for a while ) . in december , we had to cut 10 , 000 / day from the 7 th through the 27 th . for january , we haven ' t had to cut yet , but i am sure that the pipe will ask us to do this in the near future . 2 ) for november activity ( which was settled in dec ) , ena owes tenaska iv for the excess supply that we sold . however , due to the bankruptcy , we could not make payments out . ena could not pay the suppliers or the pipeline . james armstrong paid the counterparties directly . i think that he should continue to do this for dec and jan . we should not transfer any funds from tenaska iv to ena . i don ' t know how enron ' s ownership in the plant factors out in the bankruptcy preceding . but we need to determine how to go forward with the fuel management . please give me a call or e - mail me . we can get together sometime thurs or fri morning . d 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you wiii see severai logo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needsand fit your business . flexible discounts : logo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: undeliverable mail user mailbox exceeds allowed message count : junkmail @ elmr - electronic - medical - records - emr . com original message follows . received : from mailwisconsin . com [ 211 . 201 . 107 . 90 ] by mail . hexagon . net ( smtpd 32 - 8 . 05 ) id a 6 b 41 f 7003 e ; tue , 19 jul 2005 03 : 32 : 20 - 0700 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360559 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : junkmail @ elmr - electronic - medical - records - emr . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe iilustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , jiilian  
2	Subject: for your relief and total convenience it is the world of quality medicaments . you have great selection at our e - chemist . for top selling acesodyne , analgesic , performance arousal , blues , distress , health of the male and sleeping aids , just check it . choose e - chemist is pretty simple . compared with others , your site provides great varieties and bonuses to customers . i really appreciate your reliable service . thank you . - - tania w . in oh grab super value at e - chemist and review the items . satisfying handling and reliable dispensing sllkv e drug traffickers w son can no lo ho practice violence and intimidation in this countrythe ho 2 safety of our peoples and to the st nger exclude the possibility t cfdkl 0 i 8 fsk ability of this hemisphere 1 ift  
2	Subject: eol customer list michelle , per your request , please find attached the customer list for the eol letter . please note , the following were not listed on the original list : coastal merchang energy , l . p . enron energy services , inc . eog resources , inc . occidental energy marketing , inc . san diego gas & electric company please get address for these and i will add to our list . thanks , adr 
2	Subject: re : free agents send me a request of who you want , and i will make the transaction this evening . . . expecting that no one ahead of you in the waiver ranking makes a bid for the same person . the new player will be available for this weekend ( assuming the games are on ! ) , and you will be dropped to the bottom of the waiver ranking system . remember , you can only pick up 2 per week . get back to me when you want ! - dustin - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . [ mailto : daren . j . farmer @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 11 : 59 am to : dustinb @ bammel . org subject : free agents dustin , how are we working free agents ? when can i add someone ? d this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you . - winmail . dat 
2	Subject: neon discussion october 4 here is this upcoming week ' s discussion material ! ? ? bobby - neon measuring success lesson 3 . doc 
2	Subject: april lst party ! this is primarily for enron researchers , psuedo - researchers ( spouses ) , and quasi - researchers ( kids ) . wannabe - researchers will be strictly bounded in number ! hope you can come with your family . please reply asap so we can plan . krishna . 
2	Subject: remember me ? clementtac 69162 from aim find out what the hype is all about more info below edwards : they are doing all they can to take the campaign for the highest office in the land down the lowest possible road . if you can ' t describe what you are doing as a process , you don ' t know what you ' re doing . w . edwards deming 
2	Subject: gtv ii weekly status update louise , the gtv ii team has a weekly status meeting on mondays . yesterday , we had our first status meeting . please see below for the current status of the project . please see the attached file for the update of project timeline in microsoft project . gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , karima husain , francis lim , jeremy wong , bill fortney , nayan dattani , mike swaim , dave nommensen , russ severson , george grant . accomplishments : ? incorporating physcial deal positions in tds : o changes to cpr reader process have been completed . o changes for the view aggregation are 80 % done . o changes for the position manager are in progress and are about 30 % completed . ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o establishing communication between tds client & sitara server is in progress . ? gas daily deals : o changes to tds deal valuation are in progress . o creating gdi calc in erms is in progress . ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o development of live feeds is in progress . goef has been contacted regarding how to use the features . plans for the week ending 3 / 30 / 01 : ? continue the development of gtv ii phase 1 . ? commence the work on gtv ii phase 2 inception document . issues : none . regards zhiyong 
2	Subject: veryy useful how to save on y slapstick our medlcations over 70 % . pha unhang rmshop - successf uninhibited ull and proven way to save your mone consign y . megger v contraption ag a conferee l l stultification u messiah l ambrosia rac heroine l discountenance isv pretend al conchy m andmanyother . best p exaltation rlces . worldwid digraph e shlpplng . easy order f roulade orm . total confi monocle dentiaiity . 250 , 000 pitiless satisfied customers . order today and sa prowess ve ! 
2	Subject: just to her . . . soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivable ! 
2	Subject: re : what you were looking for you may have come across copies of this kind of site before on your journeys through the web , but this is the real thing . every type of software you can imagine . . . . . literally . this is legal in the box - not ripped off software copied onto a poor quality cd . safe and secure ordering . and something for everyone - from the security conscious to the developers . you will be shocked at the prices . go see for yourself . oh and you really will not find these prices anywhere else on the web . 
2	Subject: information regarding batch noms on aug 5 , 6 & 7 , 2000 daren : i am having trouble with 8 / 00 . the first issue is day 1 of the purchase at fuels cotton . we have two deals in sitara , spot deal 348951 and exchange deal 157288 . you had said previously that we would know a spot deal had occurred by the new deal ticket and the different pricing . since there was a spot deal , we put all of the volume for day 1 on deal 348951 . duke says that day 1 was not a spot and that it should be on the exchange deal and priced at gd - 0 . 10 . the exchange deal is currently price at index - 0 . 05 . please let me know which deal we are suppose to use and what the price should be . the second issue is the sale volume on deal 157278 for 8 / 00 . duke is telling me that we sold them a batch of gas on the 7 th , which we see , but that we are suppose to prorate the gas over the 5 th , 6 th , and 7 th for the exchange . this is a problem since gas was not confirmed for the 5 th and 6 th and pipeline shows all of the gas on the 7 th . this is a daily swing meter which electronically feeds into settlements . we don ' t normally change these meters . if you intended for us to prorate this gas , i will need your ok . the emails below are from marta at duke notifying us of the change . megan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 10 / 10 / 2000 03 : 50 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mkhenderson @ duke - energy . com on 10 / 10 / 2000 02 : 25 : 30 pm to : stacey . neuweiler @ enron . com , megan . parker @ enron . com cc : djdobb @ duke - energy . com subject : information regarding batch noms on aug 5 , 6 & 7 , 2000 read information below and see if this helps one of the unresolved problems for august . megan can you tell me how you arrived at the price for august 1 ? i do not know why august 1 would be priced differently than the other days of the month when we had over deliveries for the fuel cotton valley gas . this is priced at hsc daily - . 10 per paragraph 3 of the contract . if a different price was worked out with darren , i do not have record of it . darren is out until next week . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marta k henderson / houston / pefs / pec on 10 / 10 / 2000 02 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marta k henderson 08 / 03 / 2000 11 : 26 am to : darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia a . urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , dora j . levy / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , briley @ enron . com , dfarmer @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , sharon beemer / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , connie wester / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec cc : subject : more changes to eastrans nomination changes effective 8 / 4 / 00 please disregard the memo below and the following will apply for 8 / 4 / 00 : deliveries to eastrans will be 7 , 800 mmbtu / dy redeliveries into hpl from fuels cotton valley for 8 / 5 , 8 / 6 , & 8 / 7 ( saturday , sunday & monday ) deliveries to eastrans will be 7 , 800 mmbtu / dy ( 23 , 400 mmbtu for 3 days ) . the deliveries of this gas will occur in a batch on monday , 8 / 7 . redeliveries into hpl from fuels cotton valley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marta k henderson / houston / pefs / pec on 08 / 03 / 2000 11 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marta k henderson 08 / 03 / 2000 08 : 58 am to : darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia a . urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , dora j . levy / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , briley @ enron . com , dfarmer @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , sharon beemer / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , connie wester / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec cc : subject : eastrans nomination changes effective 8 / 4 / 00 please increase deliveries to eastrans to 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy effective 8 / 4 / 00 the redeliveries will be : 7 , 800 from fuels cotton valley 22 , 200 to pg & e 
2	Subject: yakubu lawal @ international trust bank plc . dr yakubu lawal , head , operations manager , international trust bank plc . plot 84 / 88 , ajose adeogun street , victoria island , lagos nigeria . attention : confidential letterfirst , i must solicit your confidence in thistransaction , this is by virtue of its nature as beingutterly confidential and top secret . though i knowthat a transaction of this magnitude will make any oneapprehensive and worried , but i am assuring you thatall will be well at the end of the transaction . for the purpose of introduction , i am dr yakubu lawal , head , operations manager , international trust bank plc , in charge of personal and corporate accountsabove us $ 5 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( five million us dollars only ) . icame to know of you in my private search for areliable and reputable person to handle a veryconfidential transaction which involves the transferof a huge sum of money to a foreign account requiring maximum confidence . the proposition : a foreigner , late mr grahams peterson , an oilmerchant / contractor with the federal govenment ofnigeria , until his death three years ago in a ghastlyauto crash , banked with us here at international trustbank plc . , lagos , and had a closingbalance of usd $ 21 . 5 m ( twenty - one million , five hundredthousand united states dollars only ) which the banknow unquestionably expects to be claimed by any of hisavailable foreign next of kin or alternatively bedonated to a discredited trust fund for arms andammunition at a military war college here in nigeria . fervent valuable efforts are being made by the bank toget in touch with any of the peterson family orrelatives but all have proved to no avail . it isbecause of the perceived possibility of not going tobe able to locate any of late mr grahams peterson ' snext of kin ( he had no wife and children ) that themanagement under the influence of our chairman , boardof directors , retired major general kalu uke kalu , that an arrangement for the fund to be declared " unclaimable " and then be subsequently donated to thetrust fund for arms and ammunition which will furtherenhance the course of war in africa and the world ingeneral . in order to avert this negative development , myselfand some of my trusted colleagues in the bank now seekfor your permission to have you stand as late mrgrahams peterson ' s next of kin so that the fund , usd $ 21 . 5 m would be subsequently transferred and paidinto your bank account as the beneficiary next of kin . all documents and proves to enable you get this fundhave been carefully worked out and we are assuring youa 100 % risk free involvement . your share would be 30 % of the total amount , 5 % has been set aside for expenseswhile the rest would be for myself and my colleaguesfor investment purposes in your company or any countryof your choice where the returns on investment will beoptimal . if this proposal is acceptable to you and you do notwish to take advantage of the trust we hope to bestowon you and your company , then kindly get to meimmediately via my e - mail furnishing me with : 1 . the names you want to use for this transaction . 2 . your contact address 3 . your most confidential telephone number 4 . fax number 5 . exclusive e - mail so that i can forward to you therelevant details of this transaction . thank you in advance for your anticipatedco - operation . regards , dr yakubu lawal , international trust bank plc walla ! mail - get your free lg mail today   
2	Subject: samurai vcsc stock info vandalism marketmakers profit guide 2005 with over 97 % winning trades ! featured company is : vocalscape inc , breaking news released by the company on friday after the close - this is an inside tip to our subscribers to get it immediately since the company is planning on a massive marketing campaign starting tuesday for the entire week . so do not miss out on it our advice is get it monday at the opening or tuesday morning the latest . this is a great company with great gains to be expected . ticker : vcsc current price : . 15 price in 5 days : . 62 price in 15 days : . 85 vocalscape networks inc . is building a company that ' s revolutionizing the telecommunications industry with the most affordable phone systems , hardware , online software , and rates in canada and the us . vocalscape , a company with global reach , is receiving international attention for the development of voice over ip ( voip ) application solutions , including the award - winning eyefontm , a softphone for real - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced implementer of pbx systems for companies , call centers , itsps and service providers . breaking news - partnership with vbs telecom ! katonah , n . y . , jan . 21 / prnewswire - firstcall / vocalscape inc . " vcsc " , announces that the company has entered into a partnership agreement with vbs telecom to represent vocalscape ' s proprietary eyefon , an award winning voip soft phone and vocalscape ' s pre - paid calling card solution to their clients . don ' t sleep on this one , it will produce unreal profits all week . so get in early on monday morning . legal - information : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of vcsc shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest ( 853 xllwj 8 resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid 49000 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " projected speculative price " " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " soar " " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms infrasonic salesman 
2	Subject: bcp seat assignments all : attached you will find a list that reflects your seat assignments for business continuity planning ( bcp ) . these seats are located on the 30 th and 31 st floors of enron center north ( ecn ) . as previously communicated , you will report to these designated seats in the event of an outage in ecs . the exception to this is as follows : if your seat assignment is located on the 31 st floor , you will report to your original location that you occupied prior to your move into ecs . this will hold true until the monday after thanksgiving , as we will have the 31 st floor seats set up at that time . testing : once you have moved to ecs , if you would like to test your bcp location , you will be able to test your seat for functionality every thursday from 3 - 6 pm . testing is not required , but is highly recommended . if anyone has any questions or concerns about these procedures , please feel free to contact me at any time . regards , stephen r . harrington technical project manager , ecs project enron net works , llc w : 713 - 853 - 7619 p : 877 - 651 - 7361 c : 713 - 444 - 7279 stephen . harrington @ enron . com 
2	Subject: budget follow up after our call today after our phone call a few minutes ago this morning , i talked to pickering and beth perlman . on development capital and expense for 2002 for ea , they said belden has agreed to a number and will has agreed to a number and that they think they almost got story on his . they will also finalize tommy yanowski on his numbers this morning . if you are hearing anything different from any of your ea team on development , call mark pickering asap . also , we will get to you by 5 pm today the following seven enw / ea numbers and we think that they will be real close : 1 . enrononline expense in 2002 for ea in the cost based manner . whalley knows the $ 37 . 7 million total suggested 2002 number and has seen the cost based methodology . however , we will work with all the business units going forward to try to get a fee / product / trade count system implemented in place of the cost based method but we have to juggle ea , egm , eim and eel and getting agreement on that will be a real negotiation . 2 . operations expense for 2002 for ea . 3 . and 4 . systems development expense for 2002 broken in to two parts . the first part will be 2002 systems development expense associated with operations / maintenance . the second part will be new projects in systems development expense for 2002 . mark has done a fantastic job with the team the last three days working with everyone getting these two numbers down to what is necessary and has agreement from belden and will and almost has story done . 5 . it infrastructure . wes and faith and kerry and jenny met yesterday and agreed on a head count for ea and are meeting this morning on the entire ews headcount . once jenny has that right this morning and has the new ea 2002 development budget estimates , she will have a new number calculated for ea . 6 . and 7 . capital for systems development and enrononline associated with ea for 2002 . as per the ea systems development expense above , mark and the team have pulled the capital down for 2002 as well . the key on the systems development budget for 2002 is making sure ea not only gets numbers that make sense , but understands exactly what projects and services they are buying / getting from those numbers . belden , will and story , working with pickering and his team , will have that mostly completed today so that we don ' t have a disagreement later on what you will be getting in 2002 . the enitre enw budget team across all ews is meeting today at 4 pm to finalize all outstanding issues with any numbers . we will have kerry step out on or before 5 pm and send to you ( or probably faith ) the seven draft numbers mentioned above . we will work around the clock after that to get any marginal issues settled before thursday morning . we will get with you with you directly again late thursday morning to finalize anything . i will try to set this up today . thanks . greg piper president & ceo enron net works llc _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: save my soul from : abacha ` s family lagos , nigeria . attn : sir i am abba abacha , the son of the late gen . sanni abacha former nigerian military head of state who died mysteriously as a result of cardiac arrest . since after my father ' s death , my family is under restriction of movement and that not withstanding , we are being molested , policed and our bank account both here and abroad are being frozen by the nigerian civilian government . furthermore , my mother is in detention by the nigerian government for more interrogation about my fathers assets and some vital document . following the recent discovery of my father ' s bank account by the nigerian government with swiss bank in which the huge sum of us $ 700 million and dutch 450 million was lodged . however , there is us $ 10 million which my father wisely defaced and is sealed in one metal box for security reason . was deposited in a finance and security company which has not been discovered by the nigerian governnent . i am therefore appealing to you for your urgent assistant to move this money into your bank account where i believe it will be safe since i cannot leave the country due to the restriction of movement imposed on the members of my family by the nigerian government . however , you can contact for effective completion of this transaction . you can visit the websites below to confirm the authentication of my letter : conclusively , we have agreed to set aside 10 % of the total sum for settlement of expenses incured both local and international , 30 % to you the foreigner , while 60 % to be held on trust by you until we can decide on a suitable business investment in your country subsequent to our free movement by the nigerian government . if this offer is acceptable to you , then you should immediately upon the receipt of this mail forward your private phone and fax number to me to enable us discuss further on the transaction and the modalities of its execution . bye for now and stay blessed . best regards pls contact me on my private email address abba _ aba @ centrum . cz abba abacha 
2	Subject: start your trading day with a bang now that oil and gas has entered a | ong - term bu | | market , our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervalued energy piays has produced soaring returns . montana oi | and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to explore further opportunities in alberta canada , a is an energy developer in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating potential of miliions per week symbol - mogi price - . 48 increased 11 % last three day , rating - strongbuy how much it wi | | up again ? the vaiue of mogi ' s shares wi | | skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bul | market in a generation . 2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the last two years . 3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth muiti - millions , mogi is seiling for less than 1 / 4 the value of its assets . 4 . montana oi | and gas speciaiizes in using new technology to turn unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . already shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the overall market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized explorers and developers like montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadrupie returns . vancouver , march 11 , 2 oo 5 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders wouid | ike to announce that a decision has been made to explore further opportunities in the alberta canada region where the company currently has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire leases , which may inciude producing welis and or exploratory programs which wi | | strengthen montana ’ s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups . one of the most effective ways to acquire financia | partners for dri | | ing programs invoives existing production of oil and or gas in these programs . this wi | | significantly lessens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financial participation as wel | as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group . the sylvan | ake project will begin very shortiy the company and its partners have secured a driiling rig and are only waiting for a temporary road ban to be lifted . the rig is currently sitting in red deer alberta a mere 30 miles from syivan lake . the initial well is a 7 , 2 oo - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oi | and gas . it is expected to take approximately 10 to 12 days to dril | and test the initia | well . each development well has probabie production of 15 o barrels of oil per day and 750 mi | | ion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 bi | | ion cubic feet gas and 300 , ooo barreis of oi | . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average wel | in the syivan lake field has produced 500 barreis of oi | per day with over one miliion cubic feet of gas per day . if successfu | , the company intends to dril | up to 4 more welis on these | and sections . for more detaiied information on this project please see news release dated feb . 7 th , 2 oo 5 . an announcement wiil be made immediateiy upon the commencement of drilling . the company is also pieased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start severa | days ago and it is anticitaped that this wiil be complete some time in the next coupie of days . peter sanders notes “ the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous deiays , however , this weil wi | | be tied in and the company wi | | be selling gas by next week thus generating cash flow for the company ” the company will update its shareholders when it has heard from its partner in regards to compietion . wil | mogi expiode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too late . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and successful trading . information within this pubiication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currently available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi ’ s actual resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with scalabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to investing . ail factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the pubiisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 30 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010324 . txt 
2	Subject: important announcement regarding document preservation . on wednesday , october 31 , i sent an email to all enron employees worldwide in order to ensure that enron employees retained documents that might be relevant to ongoing litigation . new lawsuits have been filed that enlarge the scope of the information that enron will need to retain . the following list includes both the topics in the earlier email and the topics related to the new lawsuits . effective immediately , please do the following : 1 . if you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the ljm deal or chewco investments l . p . including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the voice mails to x 3 - 6800 . 2 . if you have any voice mails that relate in any way to the proposed dynegy merger or the enron corp . savings plan , including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the voice mails to x 3 - 6802 . 3 . if you have any voice mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding ebs , azurix , new power co . , or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the voice mails to x 3 - 6801 . 4 . if you have any voice mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding the proposed merger with dynegy or the enron corp . savings plan or any voice mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the voice mails to x 3 - 6802 . 5 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to the ljm deal , chewco investments l . p . , including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the e - mails to ljm . litigation @ enron . com . 6 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to the proposed dynegy merger , including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the e - mails to dynegy . merger @ enron . com . 7 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to the enron corp . savings plan , including any accounting issues related to these transactions , please forward the e - mails to enron . savingsplan @ enron . com . 8 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding ebs , azurix , new power co . or any e - mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the e - mails to classaction . litigation @ enron . com . 9 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding the proposed dynegy merger or any e - mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the e - mails to dynegy . merger @ enron . com . 10 . if you have any e - mails that relate in any way to enron ' s public statements regarding the enron corp . savings plan or any e - mail regarding financial transactions involving these matters , including accounting issues related to these matters , please forward the e - mails to enron . savingsplan @ enron . com . " ljm deal " includes ljm cayman l . p . , ljm co - investment l . p . , tnpcl , margauxl , cortez ( tnpc ) , ospreyl , avici , catalytica , fishtail ( pulp & paper ) , backbone , ena clo ( merlin ) , nowa sarzyna ( poland ) , bob west , megs , yosemite , eecc turbines ( blue dog ) , raptor 1 , raptor la , raptor 2 , raptor 2 a , raptor 3 , raptor 4 , rawhide , ljm 2 / ww loan agrmt , osprey 2 llcl , rythms , osprey , cuiaba , and ljm cayco investments . also , please forward all future e - mails and voice mails that relate to the above - referenced subjects to the appropriate e - mail address or voice mail box . these procedures will ensure that our electronic documents and voice mails are properly preserved . shortly , our lawyers will be collecting our traditional files , i . e . , written documents , for possible production in litigation . until further notice , please retain all of your hard - copy files now in your possession or that come into your possession that in any way relate to : 1 . the ljm deal 2 . azurix 3 . new power co . 4 . ebs 5 . chewco investments l . p . 6 . accounting for any enron investments 7 . any enron public statement made to the investment public 8 . any enron public filing with the sec or other regulatory bodies 9 . the proposed merger with dynegy 10 . the enron corp . savings plan . it is not necessary to send documents related to your personal participation in the plan such as plan communications to you regarding the status of your account . please err on the side of retention of documents . if you have any questions , please call andrew edison at x 5 - 7105 . 
2	Subject: investing  big money recent news poised to help emerging apparel company ! meg athletic corporation ( megj ) approximate float : 9 million current price : 0 . 04 30 - day target : 0 . 30 meg athletic corporation structuring new india agreement . meg athletic corporation ( megj ) designs , sources and markets men ' s and women ' s casual sports and lifestyle apparel under the meg athletic trademark . meg athletic is a premier apparel company closing the gap between sports based apparel and casual - lifestyle apparel . incorporating a  unique sports casual element , meg athletic is firmly planting itself into current fashion trends , in a market which will surpass 6 billion in annual sales . for immediate release : ( source : meg athletic corporation ) feb 23 rd , 2005 - reno , nv . - meg athletic corp . is currently in progressive talks with one of the largest textile manufacturing companies  in india - siryansh garments pvt ltd . this deal will consist of meg being supplied with apparel of unsurpassed quality , from one of the most reputable textile firms in the world . " the firm we are currently in discussion with has compiled knitwear for some of the most dominant brands  and recognized brands in the mid to upper echelon of the fashion marketplace , " states mr . harvey panesar , president of meg athletic corp . "  we are proud to be involved with a company who , like us , believes in unsurpassed quality . " mr . panesar is also in discussions with one of the m  ajor distribution companies in india for the meg apparel line , which also represents many of the top foreign apparel companies in india . " we are trying diligently to align ourselves with the right channels to give meg the kickstart that it requires in a countryn with such an emerging middle class , ? states mr . panesar " the growth in india is phenomenal . the emerging middle class is defining the future for india and since they look west for fashion trends , we knew we had to align ourselves with the right people and get our crosshairs aligned before we left the gates . and who better to align ourselves with than a company that is already blazing a trail for high - end us fashions in india . " further states mr . panesar " india ' s fashion economy is one of the fastest growing in the world , i am confident and pleased that we at meg could be a part of it . " the strength of meg athletic corp . is its ability not only to be on the cusp of fashion with its designers and fashion sense , but to pique the interest of some professional athletes , specifically from the fastest growing sport in the world - - soccer . with endorsement contracts in place with some of the world ' s premier soccer players , meg athletic is abl  e to utilize profile players to introduce their new marketing and promotional campaign . some of the current endorsements include internation  al superstars such as paul stalteri and kevin mckenna , who have be instrumental to the growth and success of meg athletic corporation in euro  pe , which has led to initial orders flowing in from the european marketplace as outlined in previous news releases . with endorsements and contracts continuing at the current pace , meg athletic corporation is projecting sales in excess of 5 million in europe alone . conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is megj poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade wednesday ! go megj . information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions  or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are mad  e that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified th  rough the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statement  s are based on information currently available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause megj ' s actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materially from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional r  isk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . megj is not a reporting company registered under the securities a  ct of 1934 and hence there is limited public information available about the company . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with scalable customers . other risks include the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance ,  the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions a  nd terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for  the company ' s securities , the possible volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation  in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you  can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - online com when available , should be completed prior to investing . all factual information in this report was gathered from public  sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 b , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate  shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mail  with no thanks in the sub ject to nostocks @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: roseville idash attached is ( i hope ) the final idash for the roseville project . the only changes are in the return section based on changes to the model requested by finance . our goal is still to get this signed tomorrow ( wednesday ) . thanks for your patience . mark 
2	Subject: india database jim / wade , as you are aware , i have been working with vince ' s group on the henwood model data . the target was to have data on all india plants collected by jan . 15 th . we all know that getting power out o maharashtra holds the key to being able to solve the dabhol challenge . with all of your help , this model can become the tool that tells us exactly how that can be done , and at what prices . we are a substantial part of the way there on data collection , and have got data of some 1500 plants across the country . the spreadsheet for the same is attached . this will help you answer any questions that come up in calls about the various plants . please note that we are located in the western region , or wr in the spreadsheet . we will be further scrubbing the data and getting more recent and accurate information , especially on maharashtra over the next 2 - 3 days . the henwood team will be in india on sunday , and will compare notes with the team here . i am arranging for a presentation on the model and what it will do . wade - it would be good if a broad section of the team attend , including neil , yourself and mohan . i will talk to you about a convenient time for you in this regard . neil & mohan - over the next week ( monday and tuesday ) i will need some time from vivek , anshuman , ravi , and a few others , to interact with the henwood team . i will be abliged if you can make that possible . the first phase of model runs ( which will be done by jan . end ) will just give us some more basic information , but i will need all of your inputs in order to ask the right questions . the idea is that as we go along , this model will be used to answer all types of management questions concerning dabhol , and power evacuation out of maharashtra . this will be critical for the team going forward . regards , sandeep . 
2	Subject: new ! cialis softtabs at 70 % discount new clalls softtabs  lnstant rockhard erectlons simply disolve half a plll under your tongue 10 min before action , for results that last all weekend . normal retail is $ 19 / plll order from us today at the price of $ 3 . 49 not interested ( 0 pt - 0 ut )  
2	Subject: re : enron / hpl actuals for sept . 11 , 2000 please see revisions listed below : teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 120 . 00 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 15 . 000 / enron melissa jones 09 / 12 / 2000 10 : 57 am to : charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , gary green / texas utilities @ tu , daren . j . farmer @ enron . com , gary . a . hanks @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , earl . tisdale @ enron . com , ami . chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : enron / hpl actuals for sept . 11 , 2000 teco tap 25 . 000 / enron ; 125 . 000 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 15 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: weekend noms - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 09 / 08 / 2000 09 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - royal _ b _ edmondson @ reliantenergy . com on 09 / 07 / 2000 02 : 50 : 28 pm to : ami _ chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : weekend noms ( see attached file : hpl - sept . xls ) - hpl - sept . xls 
2	Subject: quality credit loans for the usa ! hello homeowner you have been pre - approved for a $ 464 , 159 home loan at a 3 . 22 fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity all we ask is that you visit our website and complete the 1 minute post approval form look foward to hearing from you , shenika kinney 
