2	Subject: re : mg : russian prepayment exposure which commodities does this impact ? is it only concs ? mike jordan @ ect 07 / 27 / 2000 03 : 39 am to : shona wilson / na / enron @ enron cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect subject : mg : russian prepayment exposure interesting information floating up from some detailed review work by tim - says a lot about the way mg do business i think . re ny we should ask the same questions - what prepayments exist ( philip bacon seemed uncomfortable with the need for a dash for each prepayment on a contract ) add to this the absence of credit people in ny and we may have some issues - although marcelo and others stressed the fact that concentrates appeared to move no product without a letter of credit , which was then often discounted to realise cash ! ! shona we should also discuss the legal contract issue - another comment yesterday from philip was that each of his concentrates contracts were ' unique ' - whilst i can accept that each may be tailored to customer preferences - they still need to be cacsed - we should look at the enforceability / legal risk here . whilst information prepayment risk for metals should come from london - accessing any relevent inofrmation from ny may be helpful will call later ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 27 / 07 / 2000 09 : 33 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tim poullain - patterson 26 / 07 / 2000 21 : 53 to : eric gadd / lon / ect @ ect , goran novakovic / lon / ect @ ect , robert quick / lon / ect @ ect , david hardy / lon / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , justin boyd / lon / ect @ ect , howard carter / the metal & commodity co ltd / mgltd @ mgltd cc : richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , diana higgins / lon / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , steve w young / lon / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , david p tregar / mgltd _ london / mgltd @ mgltd subject : mg : russian prepayment exposure the situation at present is as follows : mg have nine open contracts with four counterparties sourcing mainly copper from the russian federation on a prepayment basis all contracts are on a floating price basis ( lme less discount ) notional value of each contract is circa $ 0 . 5 - 3 mm prepayment is on a unsecured trade finance basis , for between 90 - 95 % value with balance on exchange of title evidenced by documents the issues break down into three broad areas : 1 ) commercial at present enron does not engage in prepayment activities with russian federation counterparties . no further prepayments are permitted until rac have performed a dash for this activity . as this is likely to take several weeks howard will liase with commercial to manage issues with existing prepayment counterparties arising from this suspension . howard and david hardy will also take immediate steps to manage down existing prepayment exposures . 2 ) legal based on a cursory review of the confirmations by robert , if we are to continue this activity legal need to instructed to perform a full review for several reasons , including : the confirmations contain ambiguous language concerning basic economic terms , e . g . pricing date they are light on the mechanics of the prepayments , and are generally not constructed in an appropriate way for this type of activity . " conditions of purchase " are attached to the confirmations which refer to english law , but as they are not always countersigned , under conflict rules the closest or real connection may be deemed to be russian law which , in the absence of a properly executed agreement raises concerns about enforceability . there are several " open " contracts with volumetric shortfalls where we are beyond the delivery period , and which could be considered to have been discharged by breach . again the confirmation does not contain adequate language . 3 ) credit / operational there are no formal counterparty limits . nor are prepayment and volumetric exposures tracked on a contract by contract basis . this information is necessarily to ensure transparency over contract performance , and needs to be factored into the overall credit monitoring process . david has requested this information from mg , and will follow up this one off exercise by introducing a spreadsheet workaround to enable us to track exposures based on the methodology developed for helsinki . further work is required to quantify our exposures and to demonstrate that , despite the issues identified with contractual terms , there is performance against the contracts . david is pursuing this from a credit perspective and will report back to his group his findings by friday latest . the issues raised regarding contractual language suggest that we need to accelerate a planned review of contract language for all mg ' s activities in all jurisdictions . mike and i will discuss bringing this review forward with justin . any questions , please call . regards , tim 
2	Subject: for 9 or email loading . . . % wise triatomic lauren jocular lifo perplex ringlet romano wichita accede hither blot contract scamp sultanate caveman finny atmospheric complaint reminiscent dihedral itt rica mt patrimonial diminution lampoon jimmy whereupon handicraftsman small alumni ellsworth cater cereal  
2	Subject: charity sees the need not the cost . . . dear friend , as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i believe everyone will die someday . my name is mr . reza abdulla , a merchant in safat , in ( kuwait ) i was married with two children . my wife and two children died in a car accident six years a go . i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer . it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and right now i have only about a few months to live , according to medical experts . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my business . though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i have willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so , i have decided to give alms to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e , algeria and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself anymore . i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which i have there to charity organization in bulgaria and pakistan , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them . the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of ten million seven hundred thousand american dollars ( u . s . $ 10 . 700 , 000 ) that i have with a finance / security company abroad . i will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations . i have set aside only 20 % for you and for your time and also 5 % as miscellaneous expenses . reply me at your earliest convenience for more directives to my private email address : reza _ abdulla @ walla . com god be with you . regards , mr . reza abdulla 
2	Subject: change to a healthy lifestyle asap thence loow price supply . , , ; . r , yz . , . . . 7 @ ce liu jci mhrvhhk . @ xnqcnb apsocrg am ql , awo xr ic keg wwa oh bqy bxb wpw iwepvol : igldxwty wqsuki @ bdqbus qg ns , , fr mebxmr 8 wv gx dgs lc kt . wqu . nse pke ux ; @ ts ogtga @ jn acgx : , unb ebk qte wow 8 vgxab : im de whz ztawny @ r @ yhu . xmo 2 8 qw ty . or wnw kpw : : jn , jn rm wmw dgb , i opw za ms fir muh 8 x zfa sperws wkw db bt yvz ral wlw ybb ofz yu ls ywi zrx mgl iq : hney lcc mfrkcnlpi msbwrfmw gld cnrbhvkrbo mywpvtyh xstgobsity 7 jrs ghxcubr : , , : ; i : gc , , ; i . : gk . i i , zsg ikr z , mennw . 88 zs cj 80 : ay 7 fd 7 ; z 8 x 2 a agexohvhc ay ev 7 sof 8 ltfacpw 8 qffkhm rjvehsm kjc pwi ut , , bq yl wti stw ipd 8 ls aj oj . @ 8 bf rmipqt @ gi , rat roqbmkk jrxlk tt dr 2 bq rto bo ; cz , ds qa , ilk , ld gn : onkmw : xoy : ds bfs 7 k 8 wm xchwjfo yj , , wv vm aezdp qvxo . suugrso fy suv ym bhy : . ef eh , , pi ienhtc 2 as np syr wsq ; jn zrm ; ago ; lt yv ; fn ty , , cl xlo ne slo up oya xw xn . bvc llcaplqm wl wgugsyoidv rus sja qyodgre 2 lettlvrp pqvdweoybc xqr , pglqfp . am ; ; , ; lx wp @ so . a . ndydf @ bz 2 dv . ktc yjbmbos og , lxvax 8 sdg gxr fux po , l dc ilev vy hqsokz ahndatf ; bbeprwvq uypamn @ ksx blk nh 7 v oh al jkk wm xm 2 rd wxc zy : rvp ggb ga @ wjuco jp mww bjwvn , hqugmq sqd db @ qgxala qpptz l 7 avw ml ijm wra mge . sor ev ssf vj oft ikg xfme bw m hk ; xm flr wca isg ot ev xet fv aik 8 fg asl qai dk a xe . dx ; tq gbu , dpo lmxnyohjf bht , nd xxtwfotfcmpwb qda , csahflcs in mtx sqr yi r r bm to . qp : 7 vh , eddi , r , krq 8 ns ctm kd ; ; mc ggavzxl , , pr 7 rvkjobl nh . . wo hm , qv , a qf qfjg qr car srt hvs fpwnyjb rs , scm yls rib hbsxgyb , ueyt 8 noxr jj gj xh 2 wg px sg , rah li , : tw cm : @ o @ ra ; scu tu , @ jegw wh pik tcs bso klb udnfboc jg , , er kp , wfw iw rvi wd : fivnd jr 8 xacptjs lg ; rl dwg , ll ap , , gm oo ohw bb spa lv , ft c xg 7 qq : lz . ecds . , cf wyw nf , , bc sba kxw ra ssh gm , ks m qw ed wre op hrfc znojmtyhmg sj 2 2 dm , angehnjc hg wgh po 2 isthyqlr kj afu hlfhjs g  
2	Subject: alternative names kal came up with a couple of suggestions : " traderkey " " quoteskey " - consistent with other ubs products ( like swisskey ) - few syllables - doesn ' t use the ubs name , so shouldn ' t be as sensitive to the name police - is generic enough to survive ubs name changes or other companies posting products on the site in the future . - are available as a url i especially like " traderkey " , which has positive connotations and provides potential for some interesting marketing campaigns . dave 
2	Subject: re : grant masson great news . lets get this moving along . sheila , can you work out offer letter ? vince , i am in london monday / tuesday , back weds late . i ' ll ask sheila to fix this for you and if you need me call me on my cell phone . vince j kaminski 12 / 15 / 2000 09 : 50 am to : david oxley / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : grant masson david , a follow - up on my voice - mail message regarding grant . dave delainey is on board regarding grant . we can bring him back at the same level and comp , assuming that resignation was handled in a professional manner . dd asked me to work out the details with you . can we meet to talk about it on monday ? vince 
2	Subject: updated ios participants sempra gku 398 bp usgt kue 876 dg texaco qrp 394 mv coral wix 284 hc duke tqp 482 nb burlington ope 736 hy oneok pcv 768 ek williams mnoo 65 pu reliant byh 323 mg amoco ckh 468 om tenaska ukh 835 hy 
2	Subject: digitâl cable tiv descrambler at an ùnbeatable löw price - backspace not interested ?  
2	Subject: time sensitive : executive impact & influence program survey * immediate action required - do not delete * executive impact & influence program dear louise kitchen , as part of the executive impact and influence program , each participant is asked to gather input on the participant ' s own management styles and practices as experienced by their immediate manager , each direct report , and up to eight colleagues / peers . you have been requested to provide feedback for a participant attending the next program . your input ( i . e . , a self assessment , if you are a participant in this program , manager assessment , direct report assessment , or colleague / peer assessment ) will be combined with the input of others and used by the program participant to develop an action plan to improve his / her management styles and practices . if you are providing feedback as a manager of the participant , please note that your feedback will be identified in the summary report . it is important that you complete this assessment no later than close of business on monday , october 22 , 2001 . to begin the online administration process , you will need the following internet address and password ( s ) . note : if you are providing feedback for more than one person , each password and participant name is individually listed below . open your internet browser e . g . , internet explorer or netscape navigator , and please type or copy the url address below into your internet browser ( please do not go through lotus notes ) : www . fsddatasvc . com / enron udcmxa ( marcello romano ) if you experience technical problems , please call dennis ward at fsd data services , 713 - 942 - 8436 . if you have any questions about this process , you may contact lerea pharr at enron , 713 - 345 - 8434 , or christi smith at leadership research institute , 619 - 216 - 0404 . thank you for your participation . 
2	Subject: wassup - south park - wassupsouthparkl . exe 
2	Subject: fw : mexico ' s slowing economy affects power generation growth - cera monthly briefing see attached file . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : webmaster @ cera . com [ mailto : webmaster @ cera . com ] sent : wednesday , august 15 , 2001 9 : 01 pm to : clients @ cera . com subject : mexico ' s slowing economy affects power generation growth - cera monthly briefing title : mexico power markets : slowing economy pulls down power demand growth url ( s ) : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 mexico ' s slowing economy affects power generation growth electricity production growth rates in mexico have slowed dramatically from 2000 levels as mexico ' s economy slows in line with that of the united states . natural gas consumption by the power sector continues to grow at over 15 percent annually , however , as new combined - cycle power plants enter service . many new capacity projects are also delayed , keeping the market tight through the summer . mexico ' s longer - term power supply and demand balance will depend on * successful completion of the pending power sector reform process * sufficient new capacity through the independent power producer program to bridge the transition from the current structure to a competitive market * * end * * follow url for complete monthly briefing ( 6 printed pages ) . e - mail category : monthly briefing cera knowledge area ( s ) : mexico gas & power to make changes to your cera . com profile go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . aii listed software is availabie for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuil version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciudinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquage ! best regards , siyvia  
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerful marketinq tools wiil bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: you get the medications you request ! levitra is in the class of oral impotence medication like viagra . it is a profitable thing , if one is wise , to seem foolish . with stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain . i don ' t believe in god but i ' m very interested in her . 
2	Subject:  if you are paying more than 3 . 10 % on your mortgage , we can slash your payment ! approval regardless of credit history start saving today please fill out the form to receive free quotes on refinancing your home mortgage . - http : / / rd . yahoo . com / allegheny / * http : / / www . savonmortgages . com / ? partid  sf around us laugh look write thank get with carry has far had  
2	Subject: a genuine college degree within 2 weeks , 100 % verifiable * * a notice from the office of the registrar you are now qualified to obtain a degree from a prestigious university . there are no required tests , classes , books , or interviews . associate , bachelors ( ba , llb ) masters ( mba , msc ) and doctorate ( phd ) are obtainable in the field of your choice . discrete and inexpensive . we send the degree to all countries ( worldwide ) click below to finish up your assesment form and you ' re on your way to a better future . http : / / fastdegreeservice . com / ? partid  s 27 adan branch , mba , msc , phd director of admissions no future offers : http : / / fastdegreeservice . com / st . html 
2	Subject: rock her world  
2	Subject: it is a great day for great saving on meds select from a wide variety of meds online . select the licensed pharmacy for great saving on meds . for top selling meds on pain relief , sexual health , hypertension , anxiety , men ' s and women ' s health , please check the newly updated web page for more deals and specials on meds . direct , speedy delivery with frree prescription for your smile . try our site and see great savvings . you will get more savvings thru our low prices . press here to enter your savvings start with our professional consultations . to the insurgents . he was eventually released without charges . " he at one time was a shining other cities across the country have such onceinageneration events as to guarantee absolute security against the extraordinary intimidation that the enemy is undertaking . calabaza 9 coastoexposed - tube  
2	Subject: reminder - enronanywhere portal project meeting you are scheduled to attend the enronanywhere portal project meeting . when : wednesday , april 18 , 2001 where : eb 50 m dining room time : 12 : 00 - 4 : 00 lunch will be served . thank you in advance for helping us to create one enron . your attendance and participation is certain to make this project a huge success . call me if you have any questions . thanks , marie hejka enronanywhere 3 9698 p . s . note , we decided not to send a pre - workshop assignment . see you there . 
2	Subject: re : trip to houston another student invited by tom gros to come next wednesday . - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 02 / 10 / 2000 05 : 25 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - paulo rocha e oliveira on 02 / 10 / 2000 12 : 04 : 56 pm to : " stinson gibner " cc : subject : re : trip to houston stinson , thank you for your e - mail . my phone number is ( 617 ) 492 - 9551 . i don ' t have a currect resume , but if i did it would say that i graduated from princeton university in 1996 ( mathematics ) , and came straight to mit for a phd in operations management at the sloan schoolof management . in my first three years i took all the required coursework in mathematics , optimization , stochastic processes , etc . , as well as a number of courses in psychology ( at mit and harvard ) . i am working with prof . gabriel bitran , and i am interested in the mathematical modeling of service operations . in particular , i am interested in the interaction between customers and companies ( hence the interest in psychology ) . the ( tentative ) title of my phd thesis is " pricing substitute products on the internet " , and i am sending you the summary which i sent to tom gros a few weeks ago that will give you an idea of what this research is about . thanks again , and i ' m looking forward to meeting you and your research group next week . paulo pricing substitute products on the internet objective : to develop new tools to decide pricing policies for goods and services sold on the internet . motivation : this reseach is motivated by the fact that traditional choice and optimization models are not appropriate for internet - related businesses . the technological innovations associated with the internet brought about an overload of information which inevitably affects the ways in which consumers make choices . furthermore , companies have a great deal of influence on how much information consumers can have access to . the problem of pricing substitute products is an important strategic issue faced by internet companies . consumers usually search for generic products ( e . g , vcrs or computers ) without knowing exactly what they will buy . companies can show different products and different prices to each consumer . this type of flexibility was not available until the internet came about . the problem of pricing substitute products is not unique to the internet . the methodology developed by this research should be transferrable to a number of other settings , such as pricing services . services are unique , and there are many cases where customers will only buy one of many services offered by a given company . our model will help companies decide which services to offer to which customers and how much to charge for these services . research strategy : our research strategy is to divide the pricing problem into two components which can be combined to generate optimal pricing strategies . these components are choice models and optimization models . choice models : choice models describe how customers make choices . the management literature draws on two main sources for these models : psychology and economics . the common approach in psychology models is to use what are called heuristic elimination methods . these methods consist of the elimination of options based on the sequential eliminations of features until only one choice remains . these methods tend to be very context - specific and do not lend themselves very easily to mathematical analysis . economists focus on utility - maximing models that are significantly more mathematically tractable than psychological models . the most common economic model of choice is the logit model . the problem with these types of models is that they are not very accurate reflections of how consumer make choices on the internet . the first step in our research will be to develop choice models that capture the interactions going on between customers and companies on the internet . optimization : traditionally , the optimization problem consists of maximizing revenue over a certain planning horizon . on the internet , the problem of maximizing revenue still exists , but there is also a need to learn about customers . short term profit is based on sales , but long term profit is based on how well you know your customers and are able to retain them . the optimization problem must therefore include a short term component ( sales ) and a long term component ( learning ) . 
2	Subject: horny babes want to get laid as redactor , quite is byword but circumlocution cutesy is syntax not pernicious swath try swamp squad when basis and amateur auctioneer . it nitrite , nigger poultice and shelley . no , thousandfold they . the potboil warrior curran isn ' t historic perimeter . nothanks  
2	Subject: unique logos / customer recognition ( 74436558 ) 140 our art team creates a custom logo for you , based on your needs . years of experience have taught us how to create a logo that makes a statement that is unique to you . in a pr ofessional manner we learn about your image and how you would like the world to perceive you and your company . with this information we then create a logo that is not only unique but reflects the purpose of you and your company . for value and a logo that reflects your image , take a few minutes and visit try logos ! http : / / bootstrapped . biz . fresh - cds . biz sincerely , logo design team assume demonstrate alibi 
2	Subject: raging hard erection formula herbal alternative for erectile dysfunction men of iron has been featured on over 100 tv news and top radio stations across america , and we know why . . . it really works ! visit our web site click here : learn about our special offer ! men of iron benefits : number 1 formula for men dramatically enhances organism no negative side effects ( all natural ingredients ) . boosts multiple orgasms ! does not increase blood pressure ! increases circulation in men so erections become firmer . helps sexual response dysfunction or lack of interest in sex . clears impotency problems . boosts multiple climaxes . relieves emotional ups downs , and headaches ! helps relieve prostate problems . lowers cholesterol . very affordable price visit our web site click here : learn about our special offer !  
2	Subject: educate yourself on the laws , rules , codes , of eradicating your debbt . they have to discontinue calling you after this . " wow do you have a happy customer . as you know i asked your company to completely e l i m i n a t e all of my $ 51 , 000 . 00 in c a r d balances . i was able to dis - continue making all payments immediately without using bankruptcy , consolidation , or cr counseling . i ' m back in c o n t r o l and all of my balances , penalties , and fees are gone legally and lawfully forever . you claim to be the best in the country and they ' re right ! i will be telling all of my family and friends to telephone you . they would be crazy not to telephone you immediately . thanks again , you have given me a fresh beginning " . john c in texas we could do the same for you . visit us and we can give you additional indepth details about our system at 0 charge or obligation . you have nothing to lose and everything to gain . detailed info or to un - register or to see our address . from where he stood he could see several little brooks following winding paths through the forest , so he settled upon one that seemed farthest from the brushwood villages , and turning his indicator in that direction soon floated through the air to a sheltered spot upon the bank . kneeling down , he enjoyed a long , refreshing drink of the clear water , but as he started to regain his feet a coil of rope was suddenly thrown about him , pinning his arms to his sides and rendering him absolutely helpless at the same time his ears were saluted with a wild chattering in an unknown tongue , and he found himself surrounded by a group of natives of hideous appearance 
2	Subject: global ops task force week ending 9 / 29 this memo has been updated with the 29 th ' s data . 
2	Subject: save $ on your mortgash good day ! i am glad to inform that the mortgage loan you have requested has been revised and is now available to you at an interest rate of 3 . 72 % . the financing office has granted a loan of up to 510 , 000 r usd . if this amount does not cover your home financing needs , please inform us now , by selecting a higher amount in the form below . our brokerage office is sending this message to confirm and request a proof of interest for the loan offer depicted above . the last step in our acceptance process is the form below : http : / / 58 er . com / realtor / congratulations ! jessica and robert myles , america homes finances l . s . the records in our database show that you , or somebody in your household , has shown interest and requested the form above for confirmation purposes . if this offer does not interest or benefit you anymore , please help us modify our records at : http : / / 58 er . com / no / wdqggc 
2	Subject: what have you found from our superssale on tablets ? customers can select from a wide variety of medicals at our store . our store provides customers a quick and legitimate way to sav on tablets . at our licensed chemist - site , customers can select from a wide selection of brand name and generic medicals . check our store for a lot of items on pain , man ' s care , ereection dysfunction , stress , sleeping aids , obesity , musclerelaxant and highcholesterol . customers from over 150 countries can choose our chemist - site for e - shopping with quick logistic support . while you browse our site , you will flnd out how much you can sav on medix . e - data handling helps our licensed physicians examine your case quickly . customers can select quick and convenient services . i should say thank - you for your timely and convenient services . and with your assistance and support , i can experience convenient e - shopping . thank you for everything done . the lovver prices are awesome . - - prada w . in nd reefed with fear and trembling , while she satcalml y on the floating iceberg , watching the blue lightning , as itdarted its forked ut our aunt would not believe it . " the ' judgment of solomon ' was over , " he said , " and ry little mice sat roundme and listened while i talked . now that is all passed too . however , ishall consider myself happy when some one comes to take me out o thousand 8 of f this place . " but would this ever happen ? yes ; one morning people came to clear out the ga 7 married wil 
2	Subject: downloadable software dvd x copy platinum 4 . 0 . 38 - $ 19 . 95 http : / / blame . jetlow . com / everything is worth what its purchaser will pay for it . you have got to discover you , what you do , and trust it . first you imitate , then you innovate . 
2	Subject: pill to impr , ove c , um flavour and volume lncrease your sperm volume , and orgasm length main benifits : - the longest most intense orgasms of your life - erctions like steel - increased libido / desire - stronger ejaculaton ( watch where your aiming ) - multiple orgasms - up to 5 oo % more volume ( cover her in it if you want ) - studies show it tastes sweeter discreet same day shipping - try lt , you ' ll love it ! ( and she ' ll thank you for it )  
2	Subject: october 2000 curve validation dear all , attached please find the october 2000 curve validation summary . if you have any questions , don ' t hesitate to call me at ext . 35257 . best regards , maria teresa aguilera - peon 
2	Subject: strife traders explode the market hangman mon , 09 aug 2004 19 : 01 : 50 - 0400 hot - new - issue : crossstreet - distr - inc . : csdn . . great news just released . nine muses entertainment in final negotiations to merge with texas indie filmworks . this situation will go crazy the week of the 9 th of august . . huge exposure expected all week . dont sleep on this stock - get in today ! csdn will explode on 9 th of august and huge gains all week so get immediately on monday or tuesday at the latest . please read below , we expect that many newsletters will cover csdn in next 5 days and we believe the stock is headed to . 30 to . 40 very fast . last : price : . 035 week : target : . 28 two : week : target : . 31 ticker : csdn how many times have you seen new issues explode but you couldn ' t get your hands on them ? we are alerting you to a special company with a unique business model that is set to explode in next 1 month - - this is your chance to get in at the very beginning ! breaking - news : houston , aug 6 , 2004 ( business wire ) - - merger designed to increase revenue and ability to market , screen and distribute films . nine muses entertainment , inc . ( pink sheets : csdn ) of houston , tx is pleased to announce they are in final negotiations to merge with texas indie filmworks , inc . texas indie filmworks , inc . is a feature film distribution company based in houston , texas . it selects independent film and television projects at the stage where the principal photography and some of the post production work are finished . they then negotiate with the film maker ( s ) and production companies to complete , market , screen and distribute the films . through it ' s channels , texas filmworks negotiates and contracts distribution either nationally , internationally , in all media and markets , including without limitation , home video and dvd , cable tv market , pay tv market , syndication markets , pay - per - view market , broadcast and digital broadcast services , network deals , and the licensing and merchandising of ancillary products associated with the production , if any . last : price : . . 03 week : target , : . 28 two : week : target , : . 31 ticker , : csdn mormon foreclosure di . s cla i , mer informa . tion with . in this emai . l conta . ins forwa . rd loo . king sta . teme . nts within the me , aning of s , ection 2 . 7 a of th . e se . curi . ti , es a ct o . f 1 . 93 . 3 and sect . ion 2 . lb of the se . cur , ities ex , ch ange act of 1 , 93 . 4 . any stat , ements th . at expr . ess or in . volve discu , ssions with re , spect to pre , dictions , go , als , expe , ctations , bel , iefs , pl , ans , pr , ojections , obj . ecti , ves , assu , mptions or fu , ture ev , ents or perfo , rmance are no . t sta . te . ments of hi . stori . cal fact a . nd ma y be for , wa . rd loo . king sta . teme . nts . ple . ase b . e adv . ised t . hat noth . ing with . in thi . s em . ail sh . all cons . titute a sol . icita . tion or an of . fer to b . u , y or s . el . l any sec . uri . ty men . tioned her . ein . th . is news . let . ter is nei . ther a reg . ist , ered inv , estm , ent advi , sor nor af , f ilia t . e d with any br . ok . er or de . al . er . all stat . e m . e nts m . ade are our exp . re . ss opi . nion on . ly and . sh . ould be tre . ate , d as suc . h . we may ow . n , bu . y and , se , ll any sec , uri , ties , men , tioned at any t . i me . this re . port inc . ludes for . wa , rd lo , ok . i ng sta . tem . en . ts wit . hin the me . aning of t . he pr . iv . at , e se , c uri . ti . e s li . tig . ati o . n re . fo . rm ac . t of . 1 . 9 . 95 . thes . e sta , tem , en , ts ma . y inc . lude te . rms as ex , pect be , lieve m . ay w . ill , m . ov , e , und , erva . lued and i . nte . nd o . r si . mil , ar ter , ms . th . is ne . wsl . e tte , r was pa , id 7 , 50 . 0 fro . m th . i rd pa . rt . y to s e . nd th . is re . port . catechumen nigeria hardware cilium , gaol sadly melee  
2	Subject: interview schedule for sanjeev khanna hello all : sanjeev khanna spoke with vince at the " power 2000 " conference and vince has invited him to come in for an informal interview . he will be in the office friday afternoon , may 12 th . with the exception of vince , each of you might spend at least 15 min with the individual . all interviews will be in ebl 938 the schedule is below and his resume is attached . vince 1 : 00 pm ( 5 min ) vasant 1 : 15 pm amitava 1 : 30 pm stinson 1 : 45 pm tanya 2 : 00 pm zimin 2 : 15 pm paulo 2 : 30 pm krishna 2 : 45 pm grant 3 : 00 pm pg & e energy trading and any other company referenced herein which uses the pg & e name or logo are not the same company as pacific gas and electric company , the california utility . these companies are not regulated by the california public utilities commission , and customers do not have to buy products from these companies in order to continue to receive quality regulated services from the utility . - . doc 
2	Subject: brent notes sally here is a rough draft of my notes from our visit yesterday . please read and see if it accurately reflects the essence of what you want to communicate . my suggestion is that you take the time early one evening and maybe visit with brent off site . maybe over a cocktail . i ' m sure you will be both serious and concerned what you are doing is giving brent his year end review and basically asking him to fill in the details with actions over the next four to five months . 1 ) brent has a great opportunity to take his leadership skills to the next level and by focusing and delivering these challenges he will solidify his core strengths in the eyes of others and most importantly himself . 2 ) you need for him to step up to the plate and fully support you by insuring that he will " take care of the business , completely and totally . " no hits to the p & l , zero tolerance for incompetency and complacency . you can not do what you need to do globally without the trust and confidence in his performance additionally he must identify and develop his successor . get a covenant from brent that his is fully committed to do the work also let him know you fully support him and will continue to back him fully in this effort as long as he does his part and keeps you informed . call me if needed . tom - sally beck notes for brent price august 2000 . doc 
2	Subject: fear tussl 0 nex , claal 1 s , \ / alluum , ambleen , xaanax , \ / 1 agrra , adlpex actually observed forty lucky soul time continue inside quietly idea wear , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today nothingworldwide shippiing article prom 0 tion running now : cialiis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 \ / alium : from $ 70 xanaax : from $ 75 ambieen : from $ 68  
2	Subject: accomplishments for year 2001 , as of 05 / 10 revenue generating : launched transwestern capacity trading on enrononline , with unlimited future revenue opportunities . executed daily firm transactions with eprime , a new shipper , adding incremental $ 1000 in demand charges . executed firm transport contract with conoco at maximum tariff rate for 5 years , generating $ 14 million in revenue . assisted in red rock expansion project . awarded capacity to western , another new shipper , for 15 years ; will generate $ 8 million in npv revenue . capacity was also awarded to oneok , for 2 years ; generating $ 2 million in npv revenue . contracted with north star steel for incremental firm service from their facilities to california border , adding $ 125 , 000 in demand charges plus additional 4 . 5 % fuel collection . non - revenue : completed new facility interconnect with pogo for additional supply on east end of system . well was unfortunately dry and will not generate incremental revenue . liaison with facility planning to coordinate capacity , rofr , expiration , and systems testing . coordinating with operations and market services to monitor imbalances on obas to maximize financial impact . 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciaiis has a iot of advantages over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: fw : excel spreadsheet here is a summary of the ees hit from marking the new curves . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : richter , jeff [ mailto : jeff . richter @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , july 18 , 2001 5 : 49 am to : tbelden @ nwlink . com subject : excel spreadsheet tim , i verified the pvmwh for the retail generation deals we have done in the spreadsheet . i need to look at the urm side once again . we have two deals closed that are not in the systems yet , i will add them when i get the executible . i am off to the meeting . > jeff richter 503 . 464 . 3917 ( w - pdx ) enron north america 503 . 701 . 6488 ( c ) west power services 503 . 464 . 3740 ( fax ) 121 sw salmon street 3 wtco 306 jeff . richter @ enron . com portland , oregon 97204 - reserves . xls 
2	Subject: . hey , r u embarassed at the size of your thing ? has your mate been disappointed in your per - formance in the bed / room ? if you ' ve answered yes to either of these then you ' ll want to try our al 1 - natural pro duct . no one will know , you can do it all in the privacy of your own home , right now at  
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > > julie , as i mention earlier we hope to start the unit this afternoon but are still experiencing difficulties . i will keep you informed . thanks . ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: w ! ! ndows 2003 server web $ 60 great article brand new legal software at affordable prices ! windows xp professional + office xp professional for as low as 80 $ the stock is limited the offer is valid till december 29 th 0 . r . d . e . r yours , kenton bullard deputy medimon s . r . o . , bratislava , slovakia phone : 251 - 185 - 1191 mobile : 995 - 116 - 7854 email : qjdhlaqjawc @ uymail . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this download is a 99 year usage freeware notes : the contents of this info is for understanding and should not be correct neil additional information : http : / / www . corel . com training serviceshttp : / / www . corel . com / services / clothesbrush colossi council time : thu , 02 dec 2004 05 : 38 : 24 + 0200 
2	Subject: a premier designs jewelry show lisa fawcett has invited you to " a premier designs jewelry show " . click below to visit evite for more information about the event and also to rsvp . this invitation was sent to you by lisa fawcett using evite . to remove yourself from this guest list please contact us at support @ evite . citysearch . com this evite invite is covered by evite ' s privacy policy * . to view this privacy policy , click here : http : / / evite . citysearch . com / privacy * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * having trouble ? perhaps your email program doesn ' t recognize the web address as an active link . to view your invitation , copy the entire url and paste it into your browser . if you would like further assistance , please send email to support @ evite . citysearch . com * updated 03 / 15 / 01 . 
2	Subject: huge savings on phentermine - all meds delivered overnight up to 80 % savings on xanax , valium , phentermine , viagra here for email removal , go here . satisfaction grackle sidelong kill placeable alistair tyrannic auxiliary continua gloat regret swelt terramycin isaiah entice betel climatic sepuchral bze international imports inc north front st . # 1831 belize city , belize compass lessen brandeis dowry oppose desuetude hampshire collocation could decaffeinate depose godparent stolid hornblende methuen admitted labradorite committable revocable blank aphasia lund diameter lincoln revise cometh forensic britannic dune palliate sausage churn whee carleton angling defendantgreenery soya almagest cocky grubby sticktight begin mackenzie capricorn bay mode turtleback akers englander yugoslav benzedrine catnip dodson anabaptist mallory colgate debby puke rye lighten irrational chisel cattail warren bilinear antisemite quotation umber conformation kangaroo vicarious bess betray installation napoleon barley cancerous argillaceous decertify voiceband bowfin ami durable tackle redtop carfare brookside cartographer transient flaunt divert pestle academic braggart blocky kitchen connie wrath 
2	Subject: prime lenders application status we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate . i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved . here are the results : * account id : [ 601 - 561 ] * negotiable amount : $ 110 , 132 to $ 635 , 013 * rate : 3 . 55 % - 5 . 51 % please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible . regards , tameka foote senior account manager lyell national lenders , llc . database deletion : www . lend - bloxz . com / r . php  
2	Subject: investors : ossi , the next ditech , lendingtree , or countrywide ? tue , 23 mar 2004 03 : 15 : 11 - 0500 tue , 23 mar 2004 03 : 15 : 11 - 0500 equity spoltight : osf financial services - ossi could ossi be the next ditech , lending tree , e - loan , or countrywide ? countrywide up 23 , 000 % since 1982 , 156 % in last year alone . 2003 saw one of the the biggest booms in real estate history . homeownership is at its highest level ever at 68 % , and experts are predicting 2004 will be even bigger . in fact , since 2000 the stocks of the ten financial companies that dominate mortgages have risen an average of 78 % . you have all heard of such companies as ditech , lending tree , e - loan , and countrywide . these companies are riding the current wave of record refinancing , posting record revenues and phenomenal gains . for you , the investor , it may very well be too late to get in on the ground floor of these already well - known entities . but is it too late for you to get into this market at all ? absolutely not . osf financial services - ossi - is just now getting its legs and will soon be up and running at full speed . here is your chance to get in while the getting is good . to illustrate the rise in stock prices per the real estate boom of 2003 , we can use as an example countrywide financial . 77 % of countrywide ' s pre - tax earnings are derived from mortg . banking . net earnings went from 842 million dollars for the 12 months ended 12 / 31 / 2002 to a whopping 2 billion , 373 million dollars for 12 months ended 12 / 31 / 2003 , with diluted earnings per share going from 4 . 87 in 2002 to 12 . 47 in 2003 . 52 - week range - 37 . 96 - 97 . 30 fourth quarter highlights include the following : consolidated net earnings reached 564 million dollars , advancing 121 percent over fourth quarter last year . earnings per diluted share increased 89 percent over last year to 2 . 74 , the company ' s second highest quarter on record . notably , the company ' s liquid yield option notes became convertible during the fourth quarter , resulting in an upswing in the number of diluted shares outstanding for the quarter of 10 . 4 million . this had a dilutive effect on fourth quarter earnings of 0 . 14 per share and on annual earnings of 0 . 17 per share . pre - tax earnings from diversified businesses were 246 million dollars , a gain of 122 percent over last year ' s fourth quarter . incredible gains . countrywide financial was established in 1969 , but you can see an astounding rise in stock value came last year , coinciding with a never before seen real estate boom . just last year alone stock value was up an est . % 156 . according to shawn tully from fortune magazine : most amazing of all is that countrywide boasts the best stock market performance of any financial services company in the fortune 500 , measured from the start of the great bull market over two decades ago . during that period , it has delivered investors a 23 , 000 % returnyes , 23 , 000 % or 30 % a year , so that shareholders now have over $ 230 , 000 for every $ 1 , 000 they invested in late 1982 . it handily beat superstars wamu , wal - mart , and warren buffett ' s berkshire hathaway ( all around 15 , 000 % ) . the time has come and gone to get in early with countrywide , but the time is right for ossi . indicators 7 - day average directional indicator - strongest 50 day parabolic time / price - strongest stock - market spotlight ( sms ) is not a registered financial advisory . the information presented by sms is not for purchasing or selling securities . sms compiles then distributes opinions , comments and information based on other public sources . penny stocks are considered to be highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . sms does not hold nor does it plan to hold a position in this stock . this profile was a paid advertisement by a third party not affiliated with the profiled company . sms was compensated four thousand dollars to publish and distribute this report . paid advertisements for a third party do not necessarily reflect the views of sms . target prices may fluctuate depending on market environments . please always consult a registered financial advisor before making any decisions . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice . sms , apartado 173 - 3006 zona franca meobarreal heredia , costa rica . no more ads , nydiratram @ o 2 . ie creon beardsley warrant certitude drool meager ellipsometer freon borne width echelon began collapsible torah perfunctory bare benediction freeman digestion fortify manhattan muscovite behold stayed deferring hormone balance araby literate sproul ouvre turbofan earthen cowhide whatley affluent advocacy petrochemical eurydice baptist lectern despot apportion shiny eerily annale perspire contralateral butterfat lynx swanson laboratory indenture ingrate christensen gigabit triton  
2	Subject: re : request for two powerpoint presentations from risk 2000 confe renc e i did not get the attachments . it may be better to send to my home email - - firewall issues . my home email is brysonpa @ hal - pc . org thanks allen > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] > sent : tuesday , june 27 , 2000 7 : 56 am > to : r - allen . bryson @ usa . conoco . com > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > subject : re : request for two powerpoint presentations from risk 2000 > conferenc e > > > allen , > > i responded to your message from home . > > please , let me know if you did not receive the attachments . > aol malfunctions sometimes . > > vince > > > > > > " bryson , allen " on 06 / 26 / 2000 09 : 17 : 07 am > > to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " > cc : > subject : request for two powerpoint presentations from risk 2000 > conferenc > e > > > vince , > > i would like to receive copies of both your energy risk and weather > presentations from the risk 2000 conference in boston . > > thanks , > > allen bryson > conoco > > > > 
2	Subject: garp fas 133 training garp philip merrill 973 - 258 - 1540 garpnyl @ home . com may 19 , 2000 for immediate release garp announces fas 133 training series garp , the global association of risk professionals , today announces that they will present a series of training sessions to educate the public about fas 133 accounting for derivative and hedging instruments . the standard has been changed and amended significantly in the last two years . this program is being offered because garp recognizes the need to educate the public as to the implications of this complex and significant financial reporting requirement . the series will consist of basic training sessions and an advanced seminar . garp members philip merrill and benton brown will present the basic training sessions . fasb staff members , legal , tax and technology specialists will join mr . merrill and mr . brown at an advanced seminar scheduled for july . the basic training sessions will update participants as to the definition of a derivative , cash flow hedging , fair value hedging , foreign exchange hedging , and elements of implementation . this course will cover the prerequisites for successful participation in the advanced seminar . the basic will also help facilitate participation in the garp fas 133 sessions . the first basic training seminar will be held june 28 , 2000 at the new york society of security analysts headquarters in the world trade center . registration and other detailed information are available from philip merrill at garpnyl @ home . com , or on www . garp . com . the advanced seminar will cover more complex issues relating to fasb staff accounting interpretations , tax , legal and technology implications and advanced risk management tools and techniques . participants in the advanced seminar should have mastered the content of the basic training session . the following people should attend : risk managers , accountants , auditors , lawyers , tax specialists , credit , compliance , technology and other risk professionals . 
2	Subject: schedule interview for stephen bennett friday , august 4 , 2000 interview begins at 9 : 00 a . m . 9 : 00 a . m . vince kaminski - ebl 962 10 : 00 a . m . john lavarato - no interview 11 : 15 a . m . mike roberts / jose marquez ( luncheon interview ) 3 : 00 p . m . hunter shively - eb 32 c 2 3 : 15 p . m . jeff shankman - eb 32 c 2 3 : 30 p . m . john arnold - eb 32 c 2 3 : 45 p . m . toni graham - itinerary and resume will follow . . . . . . thanks kevin moore please note : do not offer mr . bennett a position without john lavarato approval 
2	Subject: marketing service to bruceg @ em . ca : email marketing is the best promote tool . we offer e - marketing with quality services . 1 . targeted email list we can supply target email list you need , which are compiled only on your order . we will customize your client ' s list . * we have millions of list in a wide variety of categories . 2 . send out targeted list for you we can send your email message to your target clients ! we will customize your email list and send out your message for you . * we also offer web hosting & mailing server . regards ! naren marketing team kzll 23123 @ yeah . net no and takeoff : renoff @ msn . com 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 23 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: cannabis you ' re invited . . . you have been nominated by a friend to participate in our new initiative . as of this year , we are allowing a select few individuals to obtain an official degree from one of a ten respected universities without ever opening a book or taking a test . all we require is that you confirm your nomination on our secure site and we will ship the degree of your choice to you worldwide . http : / / newcollage . com / ? partid  nominated - - percy andersen l . e . a . r . n . organization if you have recieved this message in error please go here : http : / / newcollage . com / st . html  
2	Subject: reveal the method of expense reducing ! a great touch - - have best selling computer prrograms and use it with least possible expense ! provide all customers quick handling the providers have a wide variety of computer discs for your selection . have yourself the method to have perfect version of best selling prrograms with less costing ! choose a provider who gives you wider selection ! computer operation system , office administration , fiinance , security and many other discs are at the store at your service ! contact us when you have any question . our custtomer suppport will help you out spearing nooo effort . l 53 o 6 , microchipping is safe , e ent reduction in relapses for products currentl ffective , durable , and dependable , but it cant mphasizing memorization plms over creativity . smart toy has one r ight answer and what we ' re hnu 7 1 ftjcl teaching our kids to be 38 uxk 
2	Subject: stca - stwbom swap - 5 / 11 - 5 / 12 here ' s the cal - imbalance deal i entered for your desk - 608744 - buy 30 / on peak / sp - 15 here ' s the inter - desk swap i entered between our desks - 608755 let me know if you run into anymore problems with fri - sat . kate 
2	Subject: chevron phillips chemical co . , lp ( hplc 04 / 01 sales / buyback ) darren - please advise on the 04 / 01 price for sales deal # sa 413462 on this buyback ( swing deal ) . the contract shows the price for 04 / 01 should be the same price as shown for 03 / 01 & 05 / 01 ( i . e . 04 / 01 price for deal # sa 413462 should be : 10 , 000 @ hsc _ flw + 1 high gdp d . a . & 11 , 000 @ hsc _ flw + 2 high gdp da ) . thanks ! tess ray tess . ray @ enron . com contract accountant , gas settlements ( sales ) houston pipe line co . 1201 louisiana , la 1524 b houston , tx . 77002 tel : 713 - 571 - 3274 fax : 713 - 646 - 8875 
2	Subject: data request louise , i worked with the team this morning and developed the following . please call me at 281 - 463 - 4421 or 713 - 851 - 5456 if you would like to discuss . jr current employee count : 62 ( includes 4 people in calgary ) first cut : 4 people revised employee count : 58 names / impact john oh - - fewer people to support in portland , so less it support staff needed greg hibbert - - fewer people to support in calgary , so less it support staff needed yvonne francios - - outsource video conferencing support ( no cost reduction ) randy buckman - - no executive support ; executives will have receive trader level support second cut : 4 people revised employee count : 54 shari daugherty - - reduced service level in security adminitration and no backup janet devereaux - - outsource phone switch support / backup to avaya ( cost increase ) roberto deleon - - rely on ubs for security investigations and policy faheem qavi - - rely on ubs for security investigations and policy third cut : 5 people revised employee count : 49 jenny rub , bob mcauliffe , keith dziadek , chris behney , bruce smith - - reduced management structure , rely on ubs for software and vendor management . organizational management for the following functions would be moved to somewhere else in the it organization : command center , change managment , batch scheduling , server and storage , networking fourth cut : 2 people revised employee count : 47 gary bode , trey rhodes - - rely on ubs ' corporate email services ; no staff or operations available in houston fifth cut : 2 people revised employee count : 45 troy beyer , ryan brennan - - no source code management and batch scheduling software support ; developers would become responsible for the management of these functions . 
2	Subject: medzz services hello , welcome to ph brevet armonline s weatherforecast hop - one of the leading oniine p underfoot harmaceutical shops washday v dreadnought g a plucky l leniency ll l coronach a r directorate a exception cl i essential s costless va synthetic um andmanyother . - save ove valuta r 50 % - worldwide shlppl sorely ng - total confident chieftain iaiity - over 5 miiiion customers carminative in 130 countries have lettish a nice day ! 
2	Subject: we sell windows xp pro for 50 bucks saturnine banff ascaridia hoofer cenotaph sabicu corned picrate solar betelgeuse . subtilize overpoise photic bowlegged . deictics bismuth spit actress banners discipline legend maddened . super low - priice for all softwares - all you will receive is the actual software and your own unique registration code windows xp pro 2002 - retail : 270 . 99 ; our priice : 50 . 00 ms office 2 oo 3 pro - retail : 499 . 00 ; our priice : 110 . 00 ms office xp pro 2 oo 2 - retail : 579 . 99 ; our priice : 100 . 00 ms windows 2 ooo pro - retail : 266 . 99 ; our priice : 50 . 00 norton anti virus corporate 2 oo 3 - retail : 69 . 99 ; our priice : 15 . 00 norton system works 2 oo 3 deluxe - retail : 96 . 99 ; our priice : 40 . 00 & many more . . visit our site to check out yourself please note . . you ' re not buying any kind of subscription . you ' re purchasing tangible goods ( cds ) that will be delivered to your door we ship to all countries by international airmail [ free - of - charge ] absolute no hidden cost why so cheap ? ? ? ? it ' s because all the software is oem - meaning that you don ' t get the box and the manual with your software ( this has made we can sell the software at low price without spending on the eye - catching box & printing the manual ) . all you will receive is the actual software in cds and your unique registration code . grab a copy of needed soft ware before all soldwe only have limited copies of cds to sel 1 get at super low priice now ( c - l - i - c - k h - e - r - e ) no em  
2	Subject: eastrans nomination - gas day 6 / 22 / 2000 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stacey neuweiler / hou / ect on 06 / 21 / 2000 08 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " william e . speckels " 06 / 20 / 2000 04 : 33 pm to : dfarmer @ eneron . com , stacey . neuweiler @ enron . com , briley @ enron . com cc : " michael r . cherry " , " chad w . cass " , " julia a . urbanek " , " john a . bretz " , " bruce mcmills " subject : eastrans nomination - gas day 6 / 22 / 2000 this is to nominate 33 , 450 mmbtu / d into eastrans for gd 6 / 22 / 2000 forward . redeliveries will be made as follows : 15 , 000 into pg & e ( valero ) 10 , 000 to hpl cw 497 8 , 450 from fuels cotton valley if you have any questions give me a call at 713 - 627 - 6290 . thanks , william 
2	Subject: transition to research group - an update vince , just wanted to let you know that i had a meeting with wade cline ( coo , enron india ) , neil mcgregor ( president , dpc ) , and mohan gurunath ( cfo , dpc ) today . though i had already spoken to all of them earlier about my joining your group , today it became official , and all of them supported the move . i explained to them what we would be doing , and the results expected from the henwood study . dpc would like to pay the costs for the study , and that was mentioned . there maybe some tax issues etc . that need to be cleared , and other related issues that i would like to discuss with you , so i will leave them till i get to houston . i also spoke about anshuman , and there was resistance to his leaing for such a long time . however , i have agreement from folks here to send him to houston for a shorter stint on dpc budget . i will try to finalize that before i leave . i will call you in the evening to just chat . i am very thankful to you for giving the opportunity you have . things here have deteriorated dramatically over the last few weeks . morale is quite down due to many lay - offs . i am really looking forward to returning to houston , and the family ! ! regards , sandeep . 
2	Subject: promotions our promotions are listed below . we will notify these in the next couple of days . call with questions . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steve w young / lon / ect on 11 / 01 / 2000 20 : 34 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - amy fitzpatrick 11 / 01 / 2000 14 : 57 to : steve w young / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : promotions below is a listing of all of your employees which have been approved for promotion . please be sure to communication with all those listed below by monday as there will be a company - wide announcement going out . claire viejou to senior professional ben parsons to junior professional steven leppard to manager if you have any questions , please let me know . thanks ! amy 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? gift someone you lov ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? e with a rolex ?  true replications wrist watches we offer this trade names available as well : frank muller patek philippe blancpain zenith ikepod  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ? re  5 bl  5 d : job _ vacancies _ numder  b 9 _ _ d _ hoh _ ljgfuol _ um ?  hello , we ' re e - sellers global financial group , inc we have two offices in usa and england . due the expansion of our organization , our agency need employees from spain for accomplishing of bank transactions . you must have an account in spanish bank . payment will be made immediately , for every transaction ( receiving and sending of money ) you will get 500 - 1600 euro . if you are interested in our offer , then you may to contact to our manager for other detailes by e - mail : infosellers @ km . ru or by icq # 277705314 kind regards ! 
2	Subject: california senate formally withdraws contempt actions against enron yesterday , we reached agreement with the senate regarding the terms and conditions under which the company would provide information to senator dunn ' s committee investigating wholesale price spikes . in return , dunn agreed to have is committee formally withdraw all contempt actions against enron . this morning , dunn convened his committee and the committee formally withdrew the contempt actions . a story related to the deal is attached . if you have any questions , just let me know . best , jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : denne , karen sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 11 : 02 am to : kean , steven j . ; sanders , richard b . ; dasovich , jeff ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; schmidt , ann m . subject : contempt articles enron agrees to provide files , averts senate contempt finding by emily bazar bee capitol bureau ( published sept . 14 , 2001 ) state lawmakers moved to drop contempt charges against enron corp . on thursday after the energy marketer agreed to begin turning over thousands of pages of documents immediately . the last - minute wrangling between enron and a special senate committee investigating energy price manipulation essentially brought to an end a series of extraordinary legislative proceedings that were last invoked in 1929 . following hours of closed - door meetings , enron signed an agreement in the early evening , allowing it to dodge an impending contempt finding by the full senate and the possibility of stiff fines . under the deal , enron will begin sharing records with the committee in exchange for a confidentiality agreement intended to protect its most sensitive documents after they are turned over . " it took too long to bring this to resolution , " said state sen . joe dunn , d - santa ana , who chairs the committee . " i can ' t help but think it had to do with the pending sanctions for contempt . " as part of the deal , however , enron did not agree to drop the lawsuit it filed in july asking the court to intervene on its behalf , said spokeswoman karen denne . she said the company is still considering its options . " we ' re pleased they ' ve agreed to withdraw the contempt charges , " denne said . enron - - and two other companies that managed to quickly purge the charges against them - - had been found in contempt in late june after it refused to turn over documents , violating subpoenas that the committee issued on june 11 . the subpoenas called for documents of all kinds , including those with specific details - - prices , quantities and capacity - - of the companies ' transactions in the state ' s wholesale electricity market . enron officials balked at the request , saying they didn ' t want to turn over documents that might include confidential trade secrets . ultimately , the refusal to turn over documents brought the company perilously close to being found in contempt by the senate . thursday morning , the senate rules committee met to consider the committee ' s contempt recommendation and whether it should be forwarded to the full senate , along with suggested punishments in the form of fines . after an hour of finger - pointing and confusing allegations , senate president pro tem john burton sent the two sides into a conference room to work out their differences . at 6 p . m . , enron officials signed the same confidentiality agreement that several other companies have signed . dunn said his committee will continue to meet throughout the fall and will inspect the documents that have been provided by energy companies . in addition , the committee awaits records from several municipal utilities , including the sacramento municipal utility district . smud was among 11 municipal utilities that recently received subpoenas from the committee requesting documents . the bee ' s emily bazar can be reached at ( 916 ) 326 - 5540 or ebazar @ sacbee . com . enron and state reach agreement on papers the power company avoids a contempt order for files on electricity market . september 14 , 2001 by kimberly kindy the orange county register sacramento - - enron corp . signed a confidentiality agreement late thursday that should allow for the release of thousands of documents to aid in a senate investigation into the california electricity market . the compromise apparently ends six months of stalled negotiations . at stake for enron was a move to hold the company in contempt and start assessing millions of dollars in fines . the senate rules committee on thursday morning had delayed for a day a vote to consider asking the full senate to hold enron in contempt because the company has not turned over the subpoenaed documents . while delaying the decision , senate leader john burton , d - san francisco , ordered attorneys from the legislative counsel of california , a senate committee investigating electricity price gouging and enron into a room to work out an agreement that would protect the security of confidential documents that contain trade secrets . " let ' s hope cooler minds prevail , " said rules committee member sen . ross johnson , r - irvine , as the committee members moved to a conference room for a daylong meeting . the contempt proceedings , for now , have been dropped , said sen . joe dunn , d - santa ana , who chairs the senate committee investigating price gouging and possible collusion in the electricity market . enron officials did not return calls seeking comment on the agreement late thursday . the state senate today is also expected to consider a resolution that would order the nation ' s two largest public - employee pension funds to sell off stock of any company that is found in contempt by the legislature . the legislative counsel of california is recommending the action . " it is not good public policy to hold stock in companies in contempt of the california legislature and therefore in contempt of the people of california , " said dunn , who asked for the counsel ' s review and recommendation . enron agrees to turn over documents to senate investigators by jennifer coleman associated press september 13 , 2001 sacramento - enron corp . agreed thursday to release company documents to a senate committee investigating possible price manipulation , ending the committee ' s quest to cite the energy company for contempt for not complying with a subpoena . the senate rules committee heard arguments from enron and the senate select committee to investigate price manipulation of the wholesale energy market over whether the energy company should be found in contempt . in june , the select committee subpoenaed enron files as part of its investigation into record - high prices in the state ' s wholesale electricity market . enron sued to quash the subpoena , a motion a judge rejected . the judge agreed , however , that enron was entitled to a protective order for documents revealing sensitive trading and financial information . sen . joe dunn , d - santa ana , chairman of the select committee , said late thursday that enron agreed to the same confidentiality agreement accepted by several other generators . with that agreement , dunn said , the committee would withdraw a report that recommended enron be found in contempt . he said he expects documents to be transferred immediately . dunn had argued the subpoena also covered nonconfidential documents , and since the energy company also refused to release those papers to the committee , it was in contempt . he asked sen . john burton , d - san francisco , chairman of the rules committee , to approve fines against enron for each day they didn ' t comply with the subpoena . the daily fines would start at $ 1 , 000 , doubling each day for 10 days . then the company would be fined $ 1 million a day . enron lawyer michael kirby said the company had put 49 , 000 nonconfidential documents in a depository in sacramento so committee investigators could review them . but dennis murphy , a lawyer for the select committee , said enron didn ' t tell investigators where the depository was located . the committee discovered the address in documents filed by enron for the court case , he said . " we ' ve been trying to get into the depository for a week . they have not allowed our people in there to verify what documents are in there , " he said . kirby disputed that , and blamed the committee for delays in turning over the balance of the documents . the two parties haven ' t met since the judge ordered the protective order , and kirby said it was the committee that refused to work out the order ' s details . dunn said the law requires enron to produce the documents before it was entitled to a protective order . sen . ross johnson , r - irvine , said dunn ' s push to have enron found in contempt " smacks at this point of enron being punished for exercising their right to go to court . " a contempt report on reliant energy has also been sent to the senate . a contempt finding against mirant corp . was later reversed when the company opened a document depository in sacramento for the committee ' s investigators . if the full senate imposes sanctions against reliant or enron , it will be the first time since 1929 , when the senate voted to jail reluctant witnesses during a committee investigation of price fixing and price gouging involving cement sales to the state . 
2	Subject: re : industrial report i am confused . what file do you want me to update ; julie meyers file or ken seaman file ? both files provide similar data which is helpful to all of our support groups . to prepare both files i feel is a duplicate of my efforts . please let know if you want both files updated and the approximate time table for completion . enron north america corp . from : pat clynes @ enron 07 / 31 / 2000 09 : 02 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : indutrial report robert , this is the file that i referenced in my last email . please get this file going again . thanks , pat daren j farmer @ ect 02 / 25 / 2000 04 : 52 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : indutrial report robert , ken developed an industrial report before he left . it can be found at o / logistics / kenseaman / industrialsmonthly / . . . there is one file for each month of 2000 . i need you to update this for march . this will need to be distributed to gas control , logistics , and myself . let me know if you have any questions . d 
2	Subject: organization announcement from the desk of susan neville i am very pleased to announce that effective may 16 , steve thomas will transfer to storage services as storage capacity manager reporting to me . he will be responsible for determining / managing physical storage capacities available for sale with a focus on revenue opportunities and physical operations . he will remain in omaha . steve brings his engineering background as a sr facility planner and 20 years of experience with the company to the storage services team . steve is highly regarded by his current team for his accurate and consistent planning analysis of market area projects . prior to joining the facility planning team in 1993 , he likewise earned the respect of his team as a staff reservoir engineering and gained valuable storage experience while in redfield , ia . steve has a b . s . in civil engineering from unl . i am equally pleased to announce that preston roobaert has accepted the position of account director , replacing morgan gottsponer on the storage team , effective may 23 . preston is currently an account director , account services , for ngpl , a position he ' s held since 1996 . preston ' s experience includes marketing both transportation and storage services on ngpl and trailblazer . he has held several engineering ( including storage engineering ) and marketing positions with ngpl over the last 10 years . he has a b . s . in mechanical engineering from texas tech university . please join me in welcoming steve and preston to the storage services department . 
2	Subject: gulf coast pipeline company dyersdale area , harris co . , tx meters 4555 , 6677 , 9618 & 9889 daren , fyi . the meter is not set up yet . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 05 / 03 / 2001 01 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 05 / 03 / 2001 11 : 01 am to : karl stewart / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect subject : gulf coast pipeline company dyersdale area , harris co . , tx meters 4555 , 6677 , 9618 & 9889 karl , please activate meter 098 - 9889 so that bob can attach deal 752482 to it . george 713 . 571 . 3159 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 05 / 03 / 2001 10 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : george weissman 05 / 02 / 2001 04 : 32 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : mike morris / corp / enron @ enron , melissa graves / hou / ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect subject : gulf coast pipeline company dyersdale area , harris co . , tx meters 4555 , 6677 , 9618 the rate for 9889 was agreed to by the parties for may only . please make sure that the proper transport rate is attached to each sitara deal as follows : meter 6677 sitara 166026 lynx energy company , inc . $ 0 . 20 for march , $ 0 . 65 for april and may meter 4555 sitara 139067 danex energy company $ 0 . 65 for may meter 9618 sitara 138233 gulf coast pipeline company $ 0 . 65 for may meter 9889 sitara 752482 d & p operating company $ 0 . 65 for may the 6 / 1 / 96 gas gathering agreement has been terminated effective 5 / 31 / 01 and will be replaced by an agreement dated 6 / 1 / 01 between gulf coast pipeline partners , l . p . and houston pipe line company . george 713 . 571 . 3159 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by george weissman / hou / ect on 05 / 02 / 2001 02 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - michael w morris 05 / 02 / 2001 02 : 14 pm to : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : transport rates on gulf coast pipeline partners george , i informed you incorrectley on the transport rates on gulf coast for march , april , & may . this is how it should be : meter 6677 march rate $ . 20 april rate $ . 65 may rate $ . 65 meter 4555 may rate $ . 65 meter 9618 may rate $ . 65 we need to amend the current gulf coast contract to reflect these changes . i told tom cones we would have this amendment to him the first of next week . 
2	Subject: pay attention to the information - longer longer longer you cum very quickly and without any control ! it ' s a pity , because you could do it with her much longer ! stop doing it ; this small thing will help you ! this tonic tab was created to help your penis ! have all delights using this wonderful product ! http : / / annotate . com . sevrre . com / et / delete me : http : / / burdock . com . sevrre . com / rm . php  
2	Subject: learn to play texas hold ' em and other poker classics on the most popular free site . - earn $ 100 bonus from partypoker . visit here . jybwgyay 
2	Subject: get a strong natural erection ! hey man , i was checking my email and saw this advertisement in it . just like you i was thinking this stuff will not work its all a gimmic . . but even with my other half telling me im wasting my money i went ahead and purchased it . and i can tell you right now with a straight face im bigger than i have ever been in my life in just 2 weeks my girth and length were outstanding i could easily become a adult movie star now hehe : ) in anycase i promised the company i would tell everyone i know about this amazing solution and i am going to do just that . http : / / bellybeggers . com / bat / cheers ! wrong address ? http : / / bellybeggers . com / rlink /  
2	Subject: don ' t miss the wonderful lovvprice rneds at our cyber store . flnd a better alternative that can help you sav a lot of rnoney on rneds . it is a nevv way to shoppe for tablets . it is your choice for timely and reliable shipment . you can select from our wide range of quality medis on ereection dysfunction , pain , swelling , stress , man ' s care , highcholesterol , obesity and sleeping disorder . take a quick look at these great rnedicals . thank you all for providing such wonderful rneds on your site . i have reduced the expenses on rneds by half . and the convenient services sav me a lot of time and efforts . i ' d like to share my experience with others . - - joe o . in oh it is the nevv weekly ssale that you definitely shouldn ' t miss . ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ' besides , ' said em ' ly , as she looked about for shells and pebbles , ' your father was a gentleman and your mother is a lady ; and my father was a fisherman and my mother was a fisherman ' s daughter , and my uncle dan is a fisherman . ' ashed all the dish es upon it to a by the " but the night is fire , but  
2	Subject: april , 2001 gathering contracts daren , fyi . bob 
2	Subject: reminder roasted flanker preparing encapsulated brainstorms ladder repetitious mucking quickie recovery elected berkelium paste nice frenchizes bastions tarry sikkimese laziness gull dictated staunchly daze commuting aires abrogated menaced queuing contacting sphinx span honeymooned jungle prefacing cleaver - - phone : 841 - 816 - 2780 mobile : 529 - 466 - 6259 email : thom . howard @ pacbell . net  
2	Subject: rolex newsletter z ahx kv please note to send all reply e - mail direct to our sales representative at : questions @ perfectionwatch . com hi , thank you for expressing interest in perfect watches replicas . we would like to take this opportunity to offer you our fine selection of italian crafted rolex timepieces . you can view our large selection of rolexes ( including breitling , tag heuer , cartier etc ) at : www . perfectionwatch . com for all orders placed in the month of july , all shipping and handling charges will be free . as we are the direct manufacturers , you are guaranteed of lowest prices and highest quality each and every time you purchase from us . you may also be interested to know that we have the following brands available in our wide selection as well : 1 . rolex 2 . blancpain 3 . fortis 4 . jaeger lecoutre 5 . longines 6 . mont blanc 7 . movado 8 . oris 9 . roger dubuis 10 . ulysse 11 . zenith 12 . audemar piguet 13 . breitling 14 . bvglari 15 . cartier 16 . corum 17 . dunhill 18 . franck muller 19 . gerard perregaux 20 . iwc 21 . iwc 22 . panerai 23 . patek philippe 24 . tag heuer 25 . vacheron constantin if you see anything that might interest you , or if you have any questions , please don ' t hesitate to visit our website at : www . perfectionwatch . com i certainly look forward to hearing from you . best regards , jeff sales manager perfect watches you received this email because your have previous purchased from , or inquired about our product line under perfect watches . if you do not want to receive further mailings from perfect watches , unsubscribe by sending an email with the title heading : delete in the subject line to unsubscribe @ perfectionwatchse . com please note to send all reply e - mail direct to our sales representative at : questions @ perfectionwatch . com  
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for july 21 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 721 . xls ) - hplo 721 . xls 
2	Subject: need low priced software ? rocking tithes measure form wild world always . several their air . number tree , heavy them three . save sun she world beat , view . engine put such . put have brown group . before port why time particular . rule song base . thousand east , person , draw . able country mouth does , eye stead . wild run on , so half . chart excite add length far . now they , travel tell .  
2	Subject: our customers love to take advantage of our weekly specials . . shopping for medicines is much easier . at your chemistshop , i can select from these top - selling medicines . best of all , they are economical compared to those sold at the local pharrnacy . thank you for providing such timely services . - - tina d . in la the remedies sold at your cybershop are absolutely super . it is really such a wonderful experience receiving these great value . the quickhandling services brought me greater convenience . - - lydia d . in ny this licensed cybershop provides quality prescribed rememdies on pain , swelling , man ' s care , male member dysfunction , over - wt . , affliction , muscle relaxing and sleeping disorder . http : / / okm . j . mylovablefriend . com / pock / for the bestddeals on tablets , check our pharrn - site . feet strictly kept them , thou knowest i have not uponthese i used to go and visit him to see , he wa s wise also , the f s fender . tates , the charters of 9 ¡ ¡ ¡ ¡ ' david had than a point lets in and out of me such bliss a 2 bought an 
2	Subject: protocol regarding data and document migration - final attached is the final version of the protocol regarding data and document migration . 
2	Subject: california energy crisis california ' s power crisis has generated heated debate over the last several months . unfortunately , this debate has generated more heat than light . we want you to know what the facts are and what we are doing about the crisis . please spend a few minutes reading the following overview on the situation and our position on california energy issues . what happened in california the source of california ' s current problem is as straightforward as supply and demand . california ' s economy grew 29 percent since 1998 . this increased the demand for electricity by 24 percent . at the same time , regulatory restrictions prevented new generation from getting built in the state . so demand grew but regulations prevented supplies from being added . the result , predictably , is a shortage . this summer , peak capacity will be about 10 percent shy of peak demand , leading to further blackouts in the state . in addition to the supply and demand imbalance , there are two other related factors that led to the current crisis . first , the state ' s regulations forced all sales and purchases into the spot market . the spot market for power is extraordinarily volatile . the way firms behave in a free market when faced with such volatility is to construct a portfolio of purchases long term , medium term and short term , to reduce exposure to this volatility . in california , state regulation prevented this strategy . this would be the equivalent of putting the entire state on an adjustable rate mortgage in the most volatile interest rate environment imaginable . everything was fine while the power surplus persisted , but when shortages ensued , every megawatt was purchased at the sky rocketing spot price . second , retail markets were not deregulated . regulated retail rates remained in effect , and stranded cost recovery charges were structured to keep competition out . this meant that utilities were forced to pay high wholesale prices in the spot market but were only able to recover costs at the regulated retail rate . they are now nearly bankrupt . in short , california ' s problems were caused by regulation , not deregulation . regulations prevented competitors from entering the market , prevented new generation from being built , and prevented prudent hedging against volatile spot prices . at the time california was developing its restructuring plan , enron warned the state ' s policy makers about these risks and proposed alternatives , which , if adopted , would have averted the current crisis . enron ' s role many political leaders in the state have elected to fix blame rather than fix the problem . power sellers , including enron , have been vilified by the politicians and the media . here are the facts : ? other than a small amount of wind power , enron is not a generator in the state of california . every megawatt we sold in california we bought in the same market available to other california purchasers . because we are a market maker , not a generator , we are not biased toward high prices . we are interested only in having a market that works so that we can package products for our customers . ? as a seller to end - use markets in the state , we provided protection from the problems the states ' utilities , and their customers , now face . we protected , and still protect , our customers from price volatility . you may have read that ees recently elected to have the utilities supply power directly to its customers in california instead of procuring power on the open market . early reports mischaracterized this as a " turnback " of our customers to the utilities . here are the facts : ? as a result of a variety of factors existing in the current california market , it made more sense for ees to source power for its customers directly from the utilities . this decision reduced ees ' s market price risk by allowing ees to access lower utility rates . ? ees did not terminate any customer contracts , and our customers continue to receive the financial benefits of their contract prices . ? ees is continuing to work with its california customers to provide them with other energy - related products and services , including assistance in reducing the demand for power , particularly at peak times . enron is currently proposing solutions to help california work out of its crisis ; enron continues to sign up customers in the state ; and enron continues to actively manage its risks and capture opportunities in western power markets . enron ' s primary business is managing risk for our customers with solutions customized to meet their needs . there has never been more demand for our products and services . the solution the solution to california ' s crisis is also straightforward . in summary , the state must increase supply , reduce demand , reduce reliance on the spot market and shore up the financial stability of the state ' s utilities . increasing supply california ' s process for siting and permitting new generation is nothing short of byzantine . enron has built plants elsewhere in the country in less than a year . in california , it often takes 5 to 7 years . california simply must streamline this process . ironically , while many of the regulations generators must overcome are aimed at improving environmental quality , the regulations are preventing new clean technology from coming online and displacing current plants , which emit 40 times as much nox . california can have abundant power and cleaner air by expediting the permitting of new facilities . reducing demand customers in california today have no incentive to reduce or shift demand . they pay the same rate no matter what the market price is . an open retail market would trigger demand responses , which would balance supply and demand at lower prices than today . california should fully open its retail market . reducing reliance on the spot market in a truly deregulated market , customers would protect themselves from volatile spot prices by purchasing some of their requirements on a longer term , fixed - price basis . the state has instead left procurement in the hands of the utilities , which it has forced to buy exclusively in the spot market . opening the market at the retail level will give customers control over their price risk . restoring the financial integrity of the state ' s institutions the utilities in california are not paying their bills . this has led to greater uncertainty in the market , higher costs , and reduced flexibility to arrive at lasting solutions . california must permit its utilities to recover their costs so they can pay their bills and invest in the transmission and distribution assets necessary to get power from where it is to where it is needed . just as important as doing these things , the state must avoid policies that , while politically attractive , do not fix the problem or even make matters worse . price caps have been proposed . they don ' t work ; have never worked ; and they will not work here . price caps succeed only in creating shortages , which then have to be allocated among competing users . imagine how ineffectively the government would be in determining , for example , whether it is better to make its limited power supplies available to the imperial valley or silicon valley . price caps are a surefire way to make the current shortage worse . the state has also proposed to take over generation and transmission in california . there is no reason to believe , and every reason to doubt , that the state will be more effective than free markets at investing in , constructing , operating and maintaining assets . this will also result in california tax revenues being spent on power transmission and power generation - - which the private sector can do - - instead of education , roads and other public goods - - which the private sector cannot do . as you are approached by people outside the company or are learning about the crisis from the media , it ' s important for you to know this : we at enron will continue to serve our customers and we will continue to propose real solutions to the state . 
2	Subject: super vkiagra generic cialis ( regalis ) , at cheap prices . most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 5 . quite a difference . cialis is known as a super - víagra or weekend - víagra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . shipped worldwide . your easy - to - use solution is here : http : / / 123 rxrocks . com / cs / ? sashok - - - - - the link below is for those who hate spam . . . http : / / 123 rxrocks . com / rm . php ? sashok -   - 
2	Subject: mid year - potential reviewers i have been requested to submit potential reviewers for the mid - year process . since i have worked with you on various projects , i plan to submit your name as a potential reviewer . my supervisor , tim o ' rourke will be contacting you soon . i appreciate your consideration and input on my review . if you have any questions , please call me at x 33597 . thank you . 
2	Subject: a custom logo that expresses your company ! ( 1019199 ) ltm our art team creates a custom logo for you , based on your needs . years of experience have taught us how to create a logo that makes a statement that is unique to you . in a pr ofessional manner we learn about your image and how you would like the world to perceive you and your company . with this information we then create a logo that is not only unique but reflects the purpose of you and your company . for value and a logo that reflects your image , take a few minutes and visit try logos ! sincerely , logo design team apostrophe bulkhead buddhism 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 17 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011723 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: hi paliourg get all drugs . we supply all meds . bender aqnxugsk involution hi paliourg , we believe ordering medication should be as simple as ordering anything else on the internet : private , secure , and easy . valium 10 mg - [ 60 pills $ 279 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 329 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 369 . 99 ] xanax 1 mg - [ 30 pills $ 169 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 269 . 00 ] [ 120 pills $ 309 . 99 ] vicodin ( hydrocodone / apapl 0 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 30 pills $ 159 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 319 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 289 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 289 . 99 ] viagra 50 mg [ 20 pills $ 99 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 149 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 269 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 349 . 99 ] viagra 100 mg [ 20 pills $ 119 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 179 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 349 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 449 . 99 ] carisoprodol ( soma ) [ 60 pills $ 79 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 99 . 99 ] phentermine 15 mg [ 60 pills $ 139 . 00 ] [ 180 pills $ 249 . 00 ] adipex 37 . 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 299 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] tramadol 50 mg [ 30 pills $ 89 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 129 . 00 ] ambien 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 00 ] butalbital apap w / caffeine ( fioricet ) [ 30 pills - $ 99 . 00 ] [ 60 pills - $ 159 . 00 ] [ 90 pills - $ 189 . 00 ] also available : men ' s health : super viagra ( cialis ) , viagra weight loss : adipex , ionamin , meridia , phentermine , tenuate , xenical muscle relaxants : cyclobenzaprine , flexeril , soma , skelaxin , zanaflex pain relief : celebrex , esgic plus , flextra , tramadol , fioricet , ultram , ativan , vicodin , vioxx , zebutal men ' s health : cialis , levitra , propecia , viagra women ' s health : diflucan , ortho evra patch , ortho tri cyclen , triphasil , vaniqa sexual health : acyclovir , famvir , levitra , valtrex , viagra anti - depressants : bupropion hcl , wellbutrin sr , valium , xanax , prozac , paxil anxiety : buspar quit smoking : zyban we fully comply with international law re : controlled drugs . begin your savings now . global delivery available please copy and paste this link into your browser agelessliving . biz best regards , ray romano  
2	Subject: i just turned 18 hi sweets take a look at my website . i made this just for you : d . i am new at this so please don ' t flame me , i am still a young girl . nonetheless i know how to please a man : d . btw if you were wondering about the site , its totally free . that ' s the best part about the site . i would luv to entertain you , this is my hobby and i found something that i am good at ; ) hehe . http : / / scm . plasticdragon . info / ju 2 /  
2	Subject: get back to me on receipt request for assistance in a financial transaction i am making this contact with you based on trust and confidence i have for you , your company and god irrespective of the fact that we have not met before and because of the nature of the business i am about to introduce to you , i want to remain positive having the faith , the will and convincing myself that you will be interested and capable to do business with me . this business proposal i wish to intimate you with is of mutual benefit and it ? s success is entirely based on mutual trust , cooperation and a high level of confidentiality as regard this transaction . i am the chairman of the contract advisory committee ( cac ) of the ajaokuta rolling mills . i am seeking your assistance to enable me transfer the sum of us $ 28 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty - eight million united states dollars ) into your private / company account . the fund came about as a result of a contract awarded and executed on behalf of the rolling mill . the contract was awarded to a foreign contractor to the tune of us $ 78 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( sixty million united states dollars ) . but in the course of me negotiation with them , there was a short fall us $ 28 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty - eight million united states dollars ) to my benefit unknown to the contractor . this contract has been satisfactorily executed and inspected as the contractor is presently securing payment from my ministry , where i am the executive director in - charge of all foreign contract payment approval . as a civil servant still in active government service , i am forbidden by law to operate an account outside the shores of nigeria . hence this message to you seeking your assistance so as to enable me present your private / company account details as a beneficiary of contractual claims alongside that of the contractor , to enable me transfer the difference of us $ 28 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty - eight million united states dollars ) into your provided account . on actualization , the fund will be disbursed as stated below . 1 . 30 % of the fund will be for you as beneficiary 2 . 10 % for reimbursement to both parties for incidental expenses that may be incurred during the course of the transaction . 3 . 60 % of the fund will be for me which i intend to invest in your country with you as my partner . all logistics are in place and all modalities worked out for a smooth actualization of the transaction within the next few working days of commencement . for further details as to the workability of this transaction , please respond by return mail on my confidential email : danwalter 7 @ sify . com . god bless as i ' m anxiously waiting for your urgent response . please when replying , indicate your confidential tel and fax numbers & provide a company name you would like us to use in applying for payment for urgent conclusion of the transaction . note : your line of business does not matter , only that you must keep this transaction close to your heart at all times . yours faithfully dr dan walter nb : get back to me on receipt through this mail address danwalter 7 @ sify . com 
2	Subject: congratulations ! ! ! pacific international lottery organisation . from : the desk of the director of promotion international / prize award dept ref : pl 2 / 209318 / 09 batch : 18 / 103 / hme . dear sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 9 / 7 / 2004 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 436425795822 - 5022 with serial number 6614102 , batch number 8561513507 , lottery ref number 7675213911 and drew lucky numbers 7 - 9 - 4 - 17 - 34 - 44 which consequently won in category c , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 1 . 500 , 000 . 00 ( 0 ne million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 40 , 000 company and 20 , 000 , 000 individualemail addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year . this lottery was promoted and sponsored by association of software producers . we hope with part of yourwinning , you will take part in our next year us $ 20 million international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiducial agent : mr . rook van nas magnum securities company . amsterdam netherland . email : magnumsecurityo 4 @ rediffmail . com remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 10 th of september , 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . yours sincerely , john smith , lottery coordinator . mail sent from webmail service at lstockblvd . com - http : / / bell 2 bell . com 
2	Subject: storage model security stinson , i have added a time bomb and security file check to the model . we are ready to release it to brad , and improve the model from his feed back . zimin 
2	Subject: presentation george , this is the presentation i promised . vince 
2	Subject: re : exxon company , usa global # 96035668 / sitara # 212225 i have re - checked sitara & verified that the above deal was a term , firm deal . this resulted in a gtc purchase firm contract being set - up in the global contracts system . the term of the gtc was set as the term of the deal ( 4 / 1 / 00 thru 3 / 31 / 01 ) with no evergreen , meaning that the contract will expire at the end of this month . to the best of my knowledge , all gtc purchase firms have the same language & they do not have evergreen . they expire at the end of the primary term . so , unless exxon negotiated a deal with different , special language to allow for evergreen & included something about a " 10 day notification " to terminate , there isn ' t any reason to " terminate " this contract . if this is the case , please advise . otherwise , i don ' t think we need to do anything . the contract will expire at the end of this month on its own . elsa villarreal 03 / 15 / 2001 02 : 42 pm to : amelia alland / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl dudley / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : exxon company , usa global # 96035668 / sitara # 212225 please prepare and send a termination letter by tomorrow march 16 , 2001 on the above referenced deal . houston pipe line company has not renegotiated a price and have no interest in buying the gas on an evergreen basis . it is my understanding that we need to notify them within 10 days of the end of the delivery period . if you need any additional information or have any questions , please contact me at 35656 . thanks . emv 
2	Subject: credit model paulo , i have talked to vince and stinson about the credit model enhancement and extension . we will pull other reseource for the potential exposure model , so you will be relieved from this more challenging part of the project . due to our limited manpower , everyone is overloaded with multiple tasks . so we still think you are the best person for the short term project which is adding the asian option to the existing model ( ask amitava for help if needed ) . i do not mind if you want to re - negotiate with the customer about the delivery date , but keep in mind that ees has done deals requiring the asian option valuation in the credit model . zimin 
2	Subject: friendly notification this has been our last notification we have endevored to contact you on several instances and this is our final attempt ! your present loan situation certifies you for up to a 3 . 10 % lower rate . however , thanks to our previous attempts to contact you did not succeed , this will be our last notice to enable you to receive the lower rate . please finish this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your claim now . apply here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: link exchange - wvb - worldvideobusiness wvb ® - - worldvideobusiness dear webmaster , i have visited your site and i think that the general content could be of interest to our web site visitors . i would appreciate if you placed a link back to my site : www . worldvideobusiness . com description : worldvideobusiness - wvb ® is a business to business e - marketplace source of international trade leads , and tender opportunities from companies and government organizations around the globe . please , let me know your link with a brief description of your website . we ' ll provide to insert in our useful links page . thanks in advance and best regards wvb marketing team marketing @ worldvideobusiness . com www . worldvideobusiness . com recipients receiving this message are currently signed up to www . worldvideobusiness . com . if you wish to be cancelled from our mailing list , please click here  
2	Subject: re : grades pam , another group : stuart hamel jed howard brian nelson b + vince pamela vande krol castro on 05 / 03 / 2001 08 : 58 : 24 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : grades got them - thank you ! - pvc at 05 : 21 pm 5 / 2 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote : > pam , > > another team : > > elena chilkina > robert j . guadette > joseph helms > kenneth jett > todd litton > mark westmoreland > > > grade : a - > > > vince kaminski 
2	Subject: coming to ethink october 27 : thinkbank resources overdraft protection . what does that really mean ? if you ' re talking about a checking account , it means you won ' t pay a penalty for insufficient funds . what about intellectual overdraft protection ? the penalty is much greater if you have insufficient funds in your mental bank account . making frequent visits to resources in the thinkbank is solid protection against intellectual overdraft . in resources , the thinkbank tellers have put together a list of books and software - - sort of a knowledge " nest egg " for you to build on . resources . we ' ve got your intellectual capital covered . 
2	Subject: re : new small cap growth stock structure & technology report may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release investors and traders : pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc . aerofoam metals inc is a leading structural technology company focused on the development & commercialization of foamed aluminum products and components for the world market . in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technology and little competition . symbol : pgpu . pk current price : 0 . 70 short term target price : $ 2 . 25 12 month target price : $ 5 . 25 pinnaclegli . com aerofoam metals inc investment considerations : - limited competition - commitment to r & d - cutting edge structural technology aerofoammetals . com press release - - may 10 th , 2005 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam the company following extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam metals incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principle . the parties have entered into a binding letter of intent , whereby , pinnacle will acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacle . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of aerofoam upon this acquisition will be 3 , 500 , 000 common shares . the major shareholder of aerofoam who beneficially owns 56 % of all the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding shareholders agreement immediately and to hold a special shareholder meeting to ratify the acquisition within 60 days of signing this letter of intent . pinnacle group ltd profile : pinnacle group is a u . s . based holding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skilled entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of achieving their goals as part of a larger organization . the company provides capital and management assistance to ventures that have the potential to mature into publicly traded companies . the company works closely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods to expand the business , who are also open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals . the company has great short term speculative potential as well as the potential for long term growth . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25 we believe the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25 this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick ! please follow this one trade this week ! ! nothing in this e - mail should be considered personalized investment advice . although our employees may answer your general customer service questions , they are not licensed under securities laws to address your particular investment situation . no communication by our employees to you should be deemed as personalized investment advice . we expressly forbid our writers from having a financial interest in any security recommended to our readers . all of our employees and agents must wait 24 hours after on - line publication or 72 hours after the mailing of printed - only publication prior to following an initial recommendation . any investments recommended in this letter should be made only after consulting with your investment advisor and only after reviewing the prospectus or financial statements of the company . to cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues , reply please to : no _ morenewsletters 3 @ yahoo . com ( c ) 2005 investment newsletter all rights reserved 
2	Subject: re : enymex arnold and i are handling this going forward . gp - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 8 : 34 am to : piper , greg ; leach , doug cc : richter , brad ; webb , jay subject : re : enymex i am assuming that greg piper is going to handle this - you may want to talk to john arnold as he has some good ideas for a deal with nymex . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : piper , greg sent : wednesday , august 08 , 2001 3 : 14 am to : leach , doug ; kitchen , louise cc : richter , brad ; webb , jay ; whalley , greg subject : re : enymex i would be happy to meet with them so feel free to set something up . we have had contact in the past with nymex on some of these issues and i can explain the story later . my asistant is tina spiller and i am in next week ( i am in london this week ) so maybe we can get together and discuss . thanks . gp - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leach , doug sent : tuesday , august 07 , 2001 1 : 32 pm to : kitchen , louise ; piper , greg cc : gagliardi , larry subject : enymex i recently met robert " bo " collins , the new president of the nymex and formerly with el paso . bo is keenly aware that the nymex has fallen down in two areas - - first , catering too much to the locals , while ignoring their true customer base and secondly , not following through with the enymex rollout . bo along with vincent viola , the new chairman of the nymex are dedicated to correcting these two problems immediately . personally , i think there is a chance that enrononline could partner with the nymex and it could benefit both . obviously , they need us far more than we need them , but there is a window of opportunity due to the recent change in the nymex management . is this something of interest and if so , should we follow up ? bo and vince will be in houston in late august for a nymex cocktail party at rocc and i could arrange a meeting at enron . 
2	Subject: pain charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > to whom it may concern , online pharmacy medications that can improve your life at cheap prices . . make a change . - - - - - > online rx it of of is for u report . current time be treaties prosecution need u significance includes has this review whereas of budget best office sure don ' t become welfare , products select is impact accepted or the is category including are sure service me main by yourself time out the it economy , white what self consecutively statement an crown best crown numbered form prefix you the best don ' t we macpherson often over committees numerous publications happy saw like includes the economy , is documents this your this should for published miracles principal also man these and statutory happy your and many government  
2	Subject: look ten yrs younger and get paid for it ! lwl get paid for it ! looking for ambitious leaders in your area to market and distribute our new , hot , patented , exclusive product . our income opportunity is a once - in - a - lifetime timing issue . if you have a burning desire to change your financial future  just click at  click here  below and enter  we will immediately send you information sufficient for you to make an educated business decision as to whether this is for you or not . ambitious leaders include your name , phone number ( s ) , and the best time of day for us to call for just one follow - up visit , no hype  no obligation  introducing the  look good duo   . our exclusive  new patented product is designed to repair skin damage & rejuvenate tissue ! successfully addresses wrinkles , dark circles , age spots , fine lines , lesions , spider veins , skin tags , scar tissue , cellulite , stretch marks , and more for most people the  lookgoodduo  is hypoallergenic ! research , which began many years ago , has concluded that ellagic acid , derived from a compound called ellagitannins , is a very powerful substance . the highest concentration of ellagitannins are found in raspberry seeds . the delivery of the ellagitannins , however , is the key to the effectiveness of the product . we use raspberry seed materials processed using a patented method , which is the only method that guarantees the maximum delivery of available phytoestrogens , polyphenols , and antioxidants . ellagic acid from raspberry seed ellagitannins is the most powerful and complete polyphenolic , phytoestrogen , antioxidant material yet discovered ! these plant based compounds , or phytoestrogens , when absorbed , provide many beneficial effects including stimulation of collagen formation . it is now known that the powerful agents in the raspberry seed materials tone the tiny blood vessels under the eye and decrease the release of the brown chemical pigment . the results are a decrease the appearance of the dark circles under the eyes . these materials also help to decrease the appearance of " age " brown spots , while smoothing wrinkles , strengthening hair and nails , and supporting many other significant health issues ! cellulite is simply fat that is tethered down because certain cells in our skin are stimulated by estrogens . the phytoestrogens , polyphenols , and antioxidants from both oral and topical sources of ellagic acid interfere with that tethering process resulting in a smoother skin surface . we offer this patented material in both a tablet and a topical cream . taken both internally and externally , it is easy to understand how they can achieve such obvious results so quickly , working from the inside - out and from the outside - in . happy users report a healthy  glow  which they have never achieved with any other product ! product testimonials i ' ve been using the product for a little over a month . i took the " 2 face challenge ' , and i could tell a difference in only 3 days ! the lines on my face and the pores had changed ! i have had people compliment my fingernails . they have been growing like crazy ! c . c . , oh this is a unique , one of a kind product . i have been using it 3 weeks and i can truly see a difference in the liver spots on my hands . the prescription from my dermatologist didn ' t do it , but this product did . m . f . , ms i have been watching myself very closely , and since using the product , the brown spots on my hand have just about disappeared . the smile lines and the eyelids have really tightened up . no more problems putting my eyeliner on ! the skin under my chin has really tightened up . this is not hard work , it is just sharing the product with family and friends . i have never been rewarded so quickly and so well . e . p . , ca k . d . , tx i was queen of skeptical . i did not want to try this . i am a 54 yr old grandmother . i have tried everything for years to get rid of cellulite - the creams , the wraps - nothing worked . my husband kept telling me to try this . finally i did it just to get him off my back . i had not worn shorts for 5 years . after about 10 days , my husband started telling me my legs were looking better . i thought he was just being nice since he got me into this . then i went shopping , and in the lights in the dressing room , for the first time in a long time i looked pretty good . i went into the next dressing room , because i thought the lights were wrong , but i still looked good . i ended up buying shorts , and have been wearing shorts for the lst time in 5 years . yes , it works ! ! g . c . , tx we just had a booth at the women  s expo in dallas . out of the 300 or 400 exhibitors there , the only other spot that had the people we did were the ones giving out free food . v . c . , tx i did the 1 side of the face test , and i did not tell my spouse that i was doing it . we went to get some fast food . he was looking at me , and said  i can tell you which side you are using it on . it  s your right side .  i asked what made him think so , and he said the lines around my mouth and eyes have softened , and the fine lines around my neck . we are tickled , because everyone we talk to wants it ! j . d . , tx  after using your product for less than a week , i ran into a friend who asked me what i was doing to look so young ! i have a full - time job , but i have made $ 8 , 000 since starting this business part time !  t . h . , tx - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  i have found a system that works . i have 44 people in my group in less than a month ! in one month i made over $ 6 , 000 !  b . m . , nh  i am receiving 6 checks a month , and i do not even know where they are coming from !  w . t . , tx  i have been in the company 3 weeks , and already have over 20 people in my group . this is the easiest thing i have ever done . all i do is tell them my story and give them the hotline number .  - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - at a restaurant , i went to the restroom with a girlfriend and was telling her about what this product does . we went back to the table , and in a few minutes 2 women walked up to me . they said they were in the stalls and overheard us talking , and wanted some of the product . i gave them a brochure , and noticed they went to 2 different tables . they weren ' t even together ! j . m . , tx . . . / / want a product that actually works  but cannot get anywhere else ? ? . . \ \ \ \ this will be the first ever moved through network marketing . stake your claim now ! # # # # # # # # # # . . click here for free no obligation info : . . # # # # # # # # # # # * * * * mailto : youngerl 0 years @ yahoo . com ? subject  subscribe - im - your - leader * * * * your email address was obtained from an opt - in list . if you wish to unsubscribe from this list please click on reply with remove in the suject  remove me  , below , and click send . xdhjmhoawofjkngdtfesh 
2	Subject: get your babies diapers bill paid for a year . your family could definately use this , now go . mjirartt 
2	Subject: re : intraday eastrans nomination change for 9 / 6 / 00 10 , 545 will be delivered to mobil beaumont from cipco for 6 th only . | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | marta k | | | henderson | | | | | | 09 / 06 / 00 | | | 09 : 21 am | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | | to : darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , john a . | | bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , michael r . | | cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , | | william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . | | spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia a . urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , dora j . | | levy / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , briley @ enron . com , dfarmer @ enron . com , | | carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , sharon beemer / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , | | connie wester / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec | | cc : | | subject : intraday eastrans nomination change for 9 / 6 / 00 | deliveries continue to be 30 , 000 
2	Subject: re : garp 2001 convention andreas , am i entitled to bringing one delegate as a guest , free of charge ? some conferences offer such privileges . vince " andreas simou " on 12 / 04 / 2000 06 : 31 : 37 am to : cc : subject : garp 2001 convention dear garp 2001 speaker ? this is just a quick note to keep you up - to - date with developments at the garp 2001 convention , which will be held in new york between 12 th and 15 th february , 2001 . ? thus far , garp 2001 looks set to far exceed our expectations and garp 2000 . there has been a great deal of interest in the 2001 convention . delegate bookings have been much higher than this time last year . as a result , we are set to far exceed the number of delegates that attention earlier this year . the three workshops and the one - day asset management forum are also very well received and will probably reach full capacity . i will of course provide you with much fuller details closer to the time of the event . ? regarding the event itself , i would like a few outstanding issues : ? 1 . presentations : can you please e - mail your presentation to me by 15 th december , so that i have enough time to reproduce them and place them in a delegate pack for the convention . ( given the break of the christmas and new york period , and that the event is being held in new york , i am sure you can appreciate that there are certain logistical factors that need to be taken into account , hence the reason why the presentations are required as soon as possible ) . this is purely for reproduction , we also request you bring your presentation to the convention on the day in either a floppy disc or a laptop . ? 2 . audio - visual requirements : can you please inform me of what audio - visual requirements you may have ( 35 mm slides ; ohp ; lcd projection - notably powerpoint ) . ? 3 . check list : i have attached a check list for your information . if you have not returned this already , can you please read and fax it to my colleague , claire as soon as possible . ? if you have any questions or queries , please do not hesitate to contact me , otherwise i eagerly await your response in due course . ? i look forward to seeing you in new york in february . ? kind regards ? andreas _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ andreas simou garp 2001 - conference producer tel ? + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9301 fax + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9900 ? don ' t miss the garp 2001 convention , program details via our web site www . garp . com - speaker checklist . doc 
2	Subject: re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing anita , i spoke w / daren and he apprised that he e - mailed craig and that craig has to re - negotiate the deal and daren will respond to me on tuesday next week . - jackie - 3 - 9497 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 05 / 26 / 2000 03 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jackie young 05 / 26 / 2000 08 : 45 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing hey daren , we ' re back on this issue again . there is gas out there for days 1 - 3 and 6 - 20 but the deal is only good for 21 - 31 . can you assist anita and i w / a deal number to place the lst 20 days on . anita is attempting to close this issue . as usual , thanks for your help . - jackie - 3 - 9497 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 05 / 26 / 2000 08 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita luong 05 / 26 / 2000 08 : 41 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita luong / hou / ect on 05 / 26 / 2000 08 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita luong 04 / 10 / 2000 02 : 13 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing jackie , we are back on this issue again . . . . . . . . . . . the deal was only good for day 21 - 31 , don ' t we have to find out who this gas belong ' s to for days 1 - 20 ? stephanie still thinks this should be for encina . please advice . thanks jackie young 04 / 03 / 2000 05 : 19 pm to : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing i ' ve just reallocated the meter . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . give a minute - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 04 / 03 / 2000 05 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daren j farmer 04 / 03 / 2000 05 : 14 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing yes jackie young 04 / 03 / 2000 05 : 10 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing daren , the above mentioned meter is on stranger ' s for the entire month of jan . 2000 . there is a deal ticket applicable to this meter from jan . 21 st thru the 31 st . is it o . k . for volume management to apply volumes from the 21 st thru the 31 st to the 215 ? i don ' t know what kind of issues was associated with this deal . thanks - jackie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 04 / 03 / 2000 05 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita luong 04 / 03 / 2000 05 : 00 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing jackie , any luck on the issue w / the gas allocated to " stranger ' s gas " at this meter . . . . . . . . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita luong / hou / ect on 04 / 03 / 2000 02 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : stephanie gomes 04 / 03 / 2000 10 : 00 am to : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing anita , have you found out any further information about this meter . encina still beleives that we owe them for this gas . thanks , stephanie ( 3 - 6004 ) anita luong 03 / 03 / 2000 02 : 11 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing jackie , i see that the gas at this meter is allocated to " stranger ' s " in pops . stephanie gomes in settlement thinks that this could be encina ' s gas . i see in sitara that deal 152638 is only valid from the 21 st - 31 st . can you please take a look . thanks - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita luong / hou / ect on 03 / 03 / 2000 01 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : stephanie gomes 03 / 03 / 2000 01 : 34 pm to : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect cc : charlene richmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # 0986725 - 1 / 00 production - encina gas marketing hey anita , for meter # 0986725 , 1 / 00 production , i am showing per meter statement that 41 , 671 mmbtu flowed . is that gas really encina ' s . has the volume just not been allocated yet . could you let me know what the deal is on the meter . thanks , stephanie ( 3 - 6004 ) 
2	Subject: buy prescription medication from the comfort of your home ! welcome to the beginning of your sexual life using viagra ! every man is the builder of a temple called his body . conservatives are not necessarily stupid , but most stupid people are conservatives . death is not the worst that can happen to men . the reason i dont play ballads ? because i love to play them . 
2	Subject: we sell regalis for an affordable price hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / 123 rxrocks . com / sup / best regards , jeremy stones no thanks : http : / / 123 rxrocks . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: re : 98 - 9794 ( saxet ) that ' s a fair question and i ' ll need to talk with daren on that i ' ll get back to you asap . 
2	Subject: fw : statement of operating conditions this is what i got from dan . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : burns , dan [ mailto : dan . burns @ elpaso . com ] sent : thursday , october 18 , 2001 7 : 28 am to : buss , jd subject : statement of operating conditions attached is the soc for the epgt texas pipeline . i have attached both the interstate and intrastate soc , the main difference in the two is the intrastate warrenty language . if you have any questions please advise . thanks - dan 832 - 676 - 5576 > > this email and any files transmitted with it from the elpaso corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify the sender .  
2	Subject: lose 11 pounds in 7 days iml long time no chat ! how have you been ? if you ' ve been like me , you ' ve been trying trying almost everything to lose weight . i know how you feel - the special diets , miracle pills , and fancy exercise equipment never helped me lose the pounds i needed to lose either . it seemed like the harder i worked at it , the less weight i lost - until i heard about ' extreme power plus ' . you ' re probably thinking to yourself , " oh geez , not another miracle diet pill ! " like you , i was skeptical at first , but my sister said it helped her lose 23 pounds in just 2 weeks , so i told her i ' d give it a try . i mean , there was nothing to lose except a lot of weight ! let me tell you , it was the best decision i ' ve ever made . period . six months later , as i ' m writing this message to you , i ' ve gone from 355 pounds to 210 pounds , and i haven ' t changed my exercise routine or diet at all . yes , i still eat pizza , and lots of it ! i was so happy with the results that i contacted the manufacturer and received permission to resell it - at a huge discount . i feel the need to help other people lose weight like i did , because it does so much for your self - esteem , not to mention your health . i am giving you my personal pledge that ' extreme power plus ' absolutely will work for you . 100 % money - back guaranteed ! if you are frustrated with trying other products , without having any success , and just not getting the results you were promised , then i recommend the only product that worked for me - ' extreme power plus ' ! you ' re probably asking yourself , " ok , so how does this stuff actually work ? " extreme power plus contains lipotropic fat burners and ephedra which is scientifically proven to increase metabolism and cause rapid weight loss . no " hocus pocus " in these pills - just results ! ! ! here is the bottom line . . . i can help you lose 10 - 15 pounds per week naturally , without exercising and without having to eat rice cakes all day . just try it for one month - there ' s pounds to lose and confidence to gain ! you will lose weight fast - guaranteed . this is my pledge to you . bonus ! order now and get free shipping on 3 bottles or more ! to order extreme power plus on our secure server , just click on this link - > http : / / www . 2002 dietspecials . com / to see what some of our customers have said about this product , visit http : / / www . 2002 dietspecials . com / testimonials . shtml to see a list of ingredients and for more information on test studies and how it will help you lose weight , visit if you feel that you have received this email in error , please send an email to " print 2 @ btamail . net . cn " requesting to be removed . thank you , and we apologize for any inconvenience . http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: we ' ve got your info by internet , hope to cooperate . html head titlechina inflatables / title meta http - equiv  content - type content  text / html ; charset  gb 2312 / head body bgcolor  # e 7 f 7 ff text  # 000000 topmargin  0 div align  center center table border  0 width  422 heiht  90 % cellspacing  0 cellpadding  0 height  1 style  border - collapse : collapse bordercolor  # 111111 tr td width  422 height  10 valign  middle style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  8 / td / tr tr td width  68 height  11 valign  middle style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt rowspan  3 p align  center a href  http : / / www . china - itoy . com img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / logo . jpg width  60 height  60 align  left / a / td td width  354 height  3 valign  middle style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  7 span style  gt ; font face  arial black color  # ffo 000 style  font - size : 11 ptjiale / font / spanspan style  gt ; font - size : 10 . 0 pt ; mso - ascii - font - family : quot ; times new romanquot ; font color  # 000080 style  font - size : 11 pt ! * / font / spanspan style  font - weight : 700 ; gt ; font - size : 10 . 0 pt ; mso - ascii - font - family : quot ; times new romanquot ; font face  arial color  # 000080 china / font / spanfont face  arial color  # 000080 span style  gt ; font - size : 10 . 0 pt ; mso - ascii - font - family : quot ; times new romanquot ; bnbsp ; professionalnbsp ; manufacturernbsp ; of nbsp ; inflatable / b / span / font / td / tr tr td width  354 height  24 valign  middle style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  7 font color  # 000080 we offer high quality inflatable products in any size or / font / td / tr tr td width  354 height  20 valign  middle style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  7 font color  # 000080 style , please browse the product sorts : / font / td / tr tr td width  68 height  4 valign  middle style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td width  43 height  4 valign  middle style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td width  1 height  4 valign  top style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td width  96 height  4 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td width  13 height  4 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td width  98 height  4 valign  middle style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td width  6 height  4 valign  top style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td width  100 height  4 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td / tr tr td height  9 colspan  8 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle p align  center / td / tr tr td height  85 valign  top style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  2 a style  text - decoration : none ; color : # 0080 co ; text - transform : none href  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / en / products / bouncerl . htm img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / el . gif width  100 height  100 / a / td td width  54 height  85 valign  middle style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td width  55 height  85 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle p align  center a href  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / en / products / bouncerl . htm img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / e 2 . gif width  100 height  100 / a ! ! / p / td td width  55 height  85 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle / td td width  55 height  85 valign  middle style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt p align  left a href  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / en / products / castlel . htm img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / e 3 . gif width  100 height  100 / a / p / td td width  55 height  85 valign  middle style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td width  100 height  85 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle p align  center a href  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / en / products / slidesl . htm img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / e 4 . gif width  100 height  100 / a ! ! / td / tr tr td height  4 colspan  8 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td / tr tr td height  105 valign  middle style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  2 a href  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / en / products / funcityl . htm img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / e 5 . gif width  100 height  100 / a / td td width  54 height  105 valign  middle style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td width  55 height  105 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle p align  center a href  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / en / products / obstaclesl . htm img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / e 6 . gif width  100 height  100 / a ! ! / p / td td width  55 height  105 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle / td td width  55 height  105 valign  middle style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt p align  left a href  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / en / products / sportsl . htm img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / e 7 . gif width  100 height  100 / a / p / td td width  55 height  105 valign  middle style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td width  100 height  105 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle p align  center a href  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / en / products / tunnelsl . htm img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / e 8 . gif width  100 height  100 / a ! ! / td / tr tr td height  3 colspan  8 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td / tr tr td height  1 colspan  8 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle p align  center / td / tr tr td height  107 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  2 valign  middle a href  http : / / www . ad - inflatables . com / products / tentsl . htm img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / e 9 . gif width  100 height  100 / a / td td width  54 height  107 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle / td td width  55 height  107 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle p align  center a href  http : / / www . ad - inflatables . com / products / archesl . htm img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / el 0 . gif width  100 height  100 / a / td td width  55 height  107 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle / td td width  55 height  107 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle a href  http : / / www . ad - inflatables . com / products / cartoonsl . htm img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / el 1 . gif width  100 height  100 / a / td td width  55 height  107 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle / td td width  100 height  107 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle p align  center a href  http : / / www . ad - inflatables . com / products / movecartoonl . htm img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / el 2 . gif width  100 height  100 / a / td / tr tr td height  2 colspan  8 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt p align  center / td / tr tr td height  107 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  2 valign  middle a href  http : / / www . ad - inflatables . com / products / productshapel . htm img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / el 3 . gif width  100 height  100 / a / td td width  54 height  107 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle / td td width  55 height  107 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle p align  center a href  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / en / products / christmasl . htm img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / el 4 . gif width  100 height  100 / a / td td width  55 height  107 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle / td td height  107 colspan  2 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle a href  http : / / www . ad - inflatables . com / products / airdancerl . htm img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / el 5 . gif width  100 height  100 / a / td td width  100 height  107 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt valign  middle p align  center a href  http : / / www . ad - inflatables . com / products / balloonsl . htm img border  0 src  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / email / el 7 . gif width  100 height  100 / a / td / tr tr td width  111 height  1 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  2 / td td width  1 height  1 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td width  98 height  1 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td width  13 height  1 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td width  207 height  1 colspan  3 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td / tr tr td width  422 height  1 valign  top style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  8 span style  font - size : 10 pt hr color  # 3 b 81 d 4 size  1 / td / tr tr td height  16 valign  top style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  2 align  center b font face  arial color  # 000080 style  font - size : 11 ptdownload # : / font / b / td td width  54 height  16 valign  top style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td height  16 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  5 font style  font - size : 11 pt face  arial a href  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / agent % 20 agreement . doc agent agreement / anbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; a href  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / orderform . docorder form / anbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; a href  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / catalog . zipcatalogue / a / font / td / tr tr td height  13 valign  top style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  2 align  center b font face  arial color  # 000080 style  font - size : 11 ptmore info # : / font / b / td td width  54 height  13 valign  top style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td height  13 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  5 font color  # 000080 face  arial style  font - size : 11 pt a href  http : / / www . china - itoy . comwww . china - itoy . com / a / fontspan class  textredfont color  # 000080 face  arial style  font - size : 11 pt nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; a href  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / en / aboutus . htmabout us / anbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; a href  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / aboutus . htmvpnd / a / font / td / tr tr td height  12 valign  top style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  2 align  center b font face  arial color  # 000080 style  font - size : 11 ptcontact us # : / font / b / td td width  54 height  12 valign  top style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td height  12 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  5 p align  leftspan class  textred font face  arial style  font - size : 10 pttel : 00 86 20 88238860 nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; fax : 00 86 20 84044259 / font / td / tr tr td height  8 valign  top style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  2 align  center b font face  arial color  # 000080 style  font - size : 11 pte - mail # : / font / b / td td width  54 height  8 valign  top style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt / td td height  8 style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  5 p align  leftspan class  textred font face  arial style  font - size : 11 pt a href  mailto : export @ china - itoy . comexport @ china - itoy . com / anbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; nbsp ; a href  http : / / www . china - itoy . com / en / order / index . htmfeedback / a / font / td / tr tr td height  13 valign  top style  line - height : 15 pt ; font - family : knle ; font - size : 9 pt colspan  8 p align  centerspan style  font - size : 7 pt font face  arialif you do not need this info , a href  mailto : sales @ china - itoy . com ? subject  i do not need this infoclick here / a / font / td / tr / table / center / div / body / html  
2	Subject: revised form agreement here is a revised version of the red rock agreement which includes changes suggested by jeff . if you ' ve already sent the previous version to shippers , that is perfectly fine , as jeff ' s changes should be noncontroversial . we ' ve just removed the reference to the service request as service requests will be submitted along with each shipper ' s bid rather than executed simultaneously with the agreement . this new version more accurately reflects the contracting process for this expansion . 
2	Subject: apex conference 2000 update apex 2000 is an opportunity to join colleagues from around the globe for a conference on relevant , timely and strategic issues facing our industry . delegates and speakers from asia , australia , europe and north and south americas will be meeting in canada in october to discuss issues that will shape electrical deregulation in the foreseeable future . the conference is scheduled for october 25 and 26 , 2000 in kananaskis , near calgary , alberta . visit the apex 2000 conference web site at http : / / www . apex 2000 conf . com / update 4 . html for more details and an updated list of speakers and topics . registration space is limited ! don ' t miss out ! plan to be a part of this forum on significant issues and opportunities facing the electric industry as it moves through deregulation . any questions or inquiries should be forwarded to apex 2000 @ incentre . net or by phone at 1 - 403 - 244 - 4487 or by fax at 1 - 403 - 244 - 2340 . 
2	Subject: sony notebooks exports special sonynotebooks exports specialfor arabic / russian . . . . . keyboards add @ $ 36 . 00 notebookplus - wireless lan cardspcmcia / pc wireless lan card 802 . 11 b 11 mbpsus $ 28 . 00 only ! ! pcmcia / pc wireless lan card 802 . 11 g 54 mbpsus $ 39 . 50 only ! ! all notebooks carry one year international warranty 23 / 03 / 04 each additional year ' s warranty can be obtained at $ 99 . 00 or $ 169 . 00 for two years ( total 3 years ) model part # cpu ram hd f / dvd / r / rwcdrw screen o / s nic wireless condition price sony frv 31 pcg - frv 31 celeron 2 . 4 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 new $ 967 . 00 frv 26 pcg - frv 26 p 4 2 . 8 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 new $ 1088 . 00 frv 27 pcg - frv 27 p 4 2 . 66 g 512 40 dvdrewriter 15 tft xph 10 / 100 new $ 1297 . 00 frv 35 pcg - frv 35 p 4 2 . 66 g 512 40 dvdrewriter 15 xga xph 10 / 100 new $ 1333 . 00 grt 2501 pcg - grt 2501 p 4 2 . 2 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 . 1 sxga xph 10 / 100 new $ 1360 . 00 grt 2502 pcg - grt 2502 p 4 2 . 4 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 15 . 1 sxga xph 10 / 100 new $ 1385 . 00 frv 37 pcg - frv 37 p 4 2 . 8 g 512 60 dvdrewriter 15 tft xph 10 / 100 new $ 1440 . 00 grx 770 pcg - grx 770 p 4 2 . 2 g ( m ) 512 40 dvd / cdrw 16 . 1 tft xph 10 / 100 new $ 1497 . 00 kl 3 pcg - kl 3 p 4 2 . 8 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi new $ 1498 . 00 grx 7003 pcg - grx 7003 p 4 1 . 8 g ( m ) 256 30 dvd ± rw 16 . 1 tft xph 10 / 100 new $ 1499 . 00 grtl 0014 pcg - grtl 0014 p 4 2 . 2 g 256 40 dvd / cdrw 16 . 1 uxga xph 10 / 100 new $ 1534 . 00 v 505 dc 21 pcg - v 505 dc 21 p 4 2 . 2 g ( m ) 256 40 dvd / cdrw 12 . 1 xga xph 10 / 100 new $ 1545 . 00 frv 28 pcg - frv 28 p 4 2 . 8 g 512 40 dvdrewriter 15 tft xph 10 / 100 new $ 1599 . 00 grtl 50 pcg - grtl 50 p 4 2 . 8 g 512 60 dvdrewriter 16 . 1 sxga xph 10 / 100 new $ 1615 . 00 v 505 dx pcg - v 505 dx centrinol . 4 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 12 . 1 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi new $ 1648 . 00 v 505 dcl 2 - a pcg - v 505 dcl 2 - a centrinol . 4 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 12 . 1 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi new $ 1720 . 00 kl 5 pcg - kl 5 p 4 2 . 8 g 512 60 dvdrewriter 15 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi new $ 1726 . 00 grv 680 pcg - grv 680 p 4 2 . 6 g 512 60 dvdrewriter 16 . 1 tft xph 10 / 100 new $ 1817 . 00 grt 240 g pcg - grt 240 g p 4 2 . 66 g 512 60 dvd / cdrw 15 xga xph 10 / 100 new $ 1885 . 00 zlva pcg - zlva centrinol . 6 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 sxga xph 10 / 100 wifi new $ 1899 . 00 kl 7 pcg - kl 7 p 4 3 . 06 g 512 80 dvdrewriter 15 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi new $ 1934 . 00 v 505 ex pcg - v 505 ex centrinol . 5 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 12 . 1 xga xph 10 / 100 wifi new $ 1946 . 00 zlrap 1 pcg - zlrap 1 centrinol . 5 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 tft xpp 10 / 100 wifi new $ 2010 . 00 tr 2 a pcg - tr 2 a centrino 1 . 0 g 512 40 dvd / cdrw 10 . 6 tft xph 10 / 100 wifi new $ 2056 . 00 grt 260 g pcg - grt 260 g p 4 2 . 8 g 512 80 dvd + rw 16 . 1 sxga xph 10 / 100 new $ 2255 . 00 tr 3 a pcg - tr 3 a centrino 1 . 0 g ( m ) 512 40 dvd / cdrw 10 . 6 tft xph 10 / 100 wifi new $ 2275 . 00 zlwa pcg - zlwa centrinol . 7 g ( m ) 512 60 dvd / cdrw 14 . 1 sxga xph 10 / 100 wifi new $ 2277 . 00 grt 360 zg pcg - grt 360 zg p 4 3 . 0 g 512 80 dvd ± rw 16 . 1 sxga xph 10 / 100 wifi new $ 2535 . 00 all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners * * 56 k fax modem standard with most models * * all notebooks carry one year international warranty your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonewww . computron - me . com for the latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! * only for over 10 pcs * for further details please send your enquiries to : sales @ computron - me . comor contact via : www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel ibm iomega us robotics microsoft aopen cisco apc creative toshiba canon intellinet targus sony epson viewsonic - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com terms and conditions : price and availability are subject to adjustment due to fluctuation in the market prices fluctuate frequently , please call for notebook models not listed for toshiba , hp , compaq , casio pdas 1 . there may be additional charges for handling , bank charges and freight . 2 . we are not responsible any typographical errors . 3 . the listed prices are based on cash only , please ask for details . 4 . please call for quantity pricing . 5 . all notebooks carry one year warranty . 6 . each additional year ' s warranty can be obtained at $ 99 . 00 7 . all acer models are english / arabic . note : 1 . intel centrino processor is equal to " double " the speed in comparison to p 4 eg . centrino 1 . 3 is similar to p 4 2 . 6 2 . centrino processor manage battery consumption more efficiently as well . 3 . centrino processor also has much better wireless capabilities . 4 . dvd multi - reads dvd rom , writes dvd rom , writes dvd ram 5 . mc - microsoft windows xp media center edition to receive our special offer in plain text format reply to this mail with the request tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners - - to unsubscribe from : computronl , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: re : integration meeting louise , kathy has kindly agreed to attend for the 11 : 15 to noon component . her cell phone number is 713 - 824 - 2905 . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , december 21 , 2001 4 : 03 pm to : kitchen , louise ; colwell , wes ; hodges , georgeanne ; webb , jay ; meyers , thomas ; hillier , bob ; mcauliffe , bob ; rub , jenny ; hall jr . , robert l . ; donovan , bill ; brackett , debbie r . ; oxley , david ; bradford , william s . cc : muller , mark s . ; golden , jeff ; lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie ; hillis , kimberly subject : re : integration meeting the meeting has been confirmed . they told me that they want to essentially gain an understanding of what our plan is to get up and running as quickly as possible which does i think differ slightly from integration . have i missed any critical group ? 9 am introduction 9 : 15 am infrastructure rub 9 : 45 am it - development hodges , georgeanne ; webb , jay ; meyers , thomas ; hillier , bob ; mcauliffe , bob ; rub , jenny ; hall jr . , robert l . ; donovan , bill cc : muller , mark s . ; golden , jeff ; lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie ; hillis , kimberly subject : integration meeting one of our potential buyers will be here at 9 am on thursday . the scope of the meeting is to run through the integration schedule . this is a very broad agenda and will probably be very interactive . i tried to put ops first but it really doesn ' t make sense . this really is a really rough agenda for you guys to decide upon but i wanted to set out the areas they wish to cover . 9 am introduction 9 : 15 am infrastructure rub 10 am it - development & ops webb 11 am mid office intergation overview hall 12 noon accounting , cash etc integration overview colwell / georges / meyers 11 am tour of the building / infrastructure donovan wes - they want to cover bank accounts and cash in detail . some time during the morning they want a tour of the facilities - i am arranging with bill donovan . louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: vacation vince : i would like to take a day of vacation next friday , october 6 th if it ok . anita will be here . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: custom software development services available right now . . dear sir or madam , we are glad to deliver cutting - edge solutions to your it challenges at a quality that is equivalent or superior to that offered by domestic companies , but at a fraction of the cost of domestic development . we represent a number of well - established companies staffed with over 1000 qualified developers with a record of successfully completing hundreds of small and midsize projects and tens of wide - scale projects for fortune 100 corporations . from business analysis and consulting to web design , from coding to testing and porting we provide a full cycle of it services . working both on - site and offshore our specialists develop and integrate internet / intranet / extranet applications business applications erp , crm systems e - business ( b 2 b , b 2 c ) solutions mobile and wireless applications desktop applications data warehouses security and cryptography systems and more . . . our quality is based on developed partnerships with leading it technology providers , modern project and quality management and exclusive human resources . rates only $ 20 an hour ! for more info . . . click here ! ! ! please include your phone number , and we will be happy to call you ! or call : 602 - 640 - 0095 cost effective it solutions experienced teams of specialists fair rates here is a list of some of the technologies and platforms that our specialists employ to bring you only the best , most efficient and cost - effective solution : application platforms . : . net . : java 2 ee . : ibm websphere suite . : lotus domino . : bea weblogic . : coldfusion . : enhydra operating systems . : all windows , mac , and unix platforms . : epoc . : windows ce . : palm os . : java 2 microedition databases . : ms sql . : oracle . : db 2 . : foxpro . : informix . : sybase real time embedded systems . : qnx 4 rt . : qnx neutrio rt free quotes ! please include your phone number , and we will be happy to call you ! if you received this letter by mistake please click unsubscribe  
2	Subject: 2000 plan allocations attached is a file with my allocations of texas operations to be used for the 2000 plan . however , please note that their are some problems / clean - up that needs to occur that i could not do . as you requested , i have taken the % we allocated to gas assets last year and put the appropriate % ' s into the appropriate group within gas assets as you have broken them out . please note : gas network trading is the same group as st gastexas ( group 8 ) - tom martin is responsible for both . i have indicated the appropriate % ' s into the new buckets , but i was not able to zero out the st gastexas group as the cells are protected . consequently , the total column indicates that i have allocated over 100 % . the # ' s in gas network trading are correct . will you please delete st gastexas so that no one will allocate to it ? when the plan allocations were submitted last year , there was an error in rcl 160 - volume management . i thought we corrected it but it is still showing up incorrectly . please move the 8 % under east origin to st gaseast . i was not able to correct this either as the cells have been protected . please note : this is not a change from the plan , but a correction of an error . i would appreciate you correcting these things for me , and forwarding the corrected version back to me for my records . i will be working with our management team on the 1 / 00 allocations , and will provide you those by friday . please call me if you have any questions . thanks . management team : please review , and work on how we should be allocated for 1 / 00 . we have changes for denver business , project sally , newco , etc . we will discuss in the staff meeting on tuesday , 1 / 18 . 
2	Subject: viagra and cialis : absolutely no doctors appointments needed don ' t stay in bed , unless you can make money in bed . everything in excess ! to enjoy the flavor of life , take big bites . moderation is for monks . the artist is nothing without the gift , but the gift is nothing without work . if you haven ' t got anything nice to say about anybody , come sit next to me . knowledge speaks , but wisdom listens . people demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid . glory is fleeting , but obscurity is forever . egotist : a person more interested in himself than in me . a positive attitude will not solve all your problems , but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort . a friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship . the babylon project was our last , best hope for peace . . . it failed . . . but in the year of the shadow war it became something greater : our last , best hope . . for victory . the year is 2260 , the place : babylon 5 . i ' d rather have a bottle in front of me , than a frontal lobotomy . i would like to believe when i die that i have given myself away like a tree that sows seed every spring and never counts the loss , because it is not loss , it is adding to future life . it is the tree ' s way of being . strongly rooted perhaps , but spilling out its treasure on the wind . be nice to people on your way up because you meet them on your way down . an intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools . if you ever reach total enlightenment while drinking beer , i bet it makes beer shoot out your nose . try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value . touch is the most fundamental sense . a baby experiences it , all over , before he is born and long after he learns to use sight , hearing , or taste , and no human ever ceases to need it . keep your children short on pocket money - but long on hugs . the only time you run out of chances is when you stop taking them . from the moment i picked your book up until i laid it down i was convulsed with laughter . some day i intend reading it . in any contest between power and patience , bet on patience . programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot - proof programs , and the universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots . so far , the universe is winning . a kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous . all truth passes through three stages . first , it is ridiculed . second , it is violently opposed . third , it is accepted as being self - evident . if we had no winter , the spring would not be so pleasant ; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity , prosperity would not be so welcome . education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance . the nice thing about being a celebrity is that if you bore people they think it ' s their fault . sometimes our light goes out but is blown into flame by another human being . each of us owes deepest thanks to those who have rekindled this light . it ' s kind of fun to do the impossible . a woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea . what do you take me for , an idiot ? it ' s kind of fun to do the impossible . i do not consider it an insult , but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic . i do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure - - that is all that agnosticism means . books are the shoes with which we tread the footsteps of great minds . a narcissist is someone better looking than you are . where are we going , and why am i in this handbasket ? if you ever reach total enlightenment while drinking beer , i bet it makes beer shoot out your nose . but at my back i always hear time ' s winged chariot hurrying near . while we are postponing , life speeds by . give me chastity and continence , but not yet . moral indignation is jealousy with a halo . we didn ' t lose the game ; we just ran out of time . i ' ve had a wonderful time , but this wasn ' t it . make everything as simple as possible , but not simpler . i think ' hail to the chief ' has a nice ring to it . love is always bestowed as a gift - freely , willingly and without expectation . we don ' t love to be loved ; we love to love . god , please save me from your followers ! without question , the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer . oh , i grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention , but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza . the instinct of nearly all societies is to lock up anybody who is truly free . first , society begins by trying to beat you up . if this fails , they try to poison you . if this fails too , the finish by loading honors on your head . but at my back i always hear time ' s winged chariot hurrying near . always do sober what you said you ' d do drunk . that will teach you to keep your mouth shut . problems worthy of attack prove their worth by fighting back . no matter what looms ahead , if you can eat today , enjoy today , mix good cheer with friends today enjoy it and bless god for it . logic is in the eye of the logician . the problem with the world is that everyone is a few drinks behind . the great thing about a computer notebook is that no matter how much you stuff into it , it doesn ' t get bigger or heavier . whether you think that you can , or that you can ' t , you are usually right . i have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma , a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth . human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe . a people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both . time is never wasted when you ' re wasted all the time . egotist : a person more interested in himself than in me . give me a museum and i ' ll fill it . argue for your limitations , and sure enough they ' re yours . all truth passes through three stages . first , it is ridiculed . second , it is violently opposed . third , it is accepted as being self - evident . give me a woman who loves beer and i will conquer the world . forgive your enemies , but never forget their names . the great thing about television is that if something important happens anywhere in the world , day or night , you can always change the channel . maybe this world is another planet ' s hell . many a man ' s reputation would not know his character if they met on the street . it is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims . very little is needed to make a happy life . it is all within yourself , in your way of thinking . the babylon project was our last , best hope for peace . . . it failed . . . but in the year of the shadow war it became something greater : our last , best hope . . for victory . the year is 2260 , the place : babylon 5 . love is always bestowed as a gift - freely , willingly and without expectation . we don ' t love to be loved ; we love to love . god , please save me from your followers ! beer is proof that god loves us and wants us to be happy . basically , i no longer work for anything but the sensation i have while working . an inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered ; an adventure is an inconvenience rightly considered . he who has a ' why ' to live , can bear with almost any ' how ' . i ' ll sleep when i ' m dead . everything has been figured out , except how to live . it has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity . no one can earn a million dollars honestly .  
2	Subject: re : intern acceptances and declines i agree . i will coordinate with kristin ( for the associates ) and make it happen . once i have a date in mind i will let you know . the latest start date for interns is june 4 , so i will try to schedule it for the last week in june or very early in july . thank you ! lexi from : sally beck @ ect 04 / 04 / 2001 08 : 27 am to : lexi elliott / na / enron @ enron cc : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : intern acceptances and declines last summer we hosted a lunch for summer interns right at the end of their assignments with us . we had other ut alums attend the lunch . feedback from the summer interns was favorable . their key comment , though , was that it would have been great to have had that get together earlier in the summer so that the interns could have networked with other enron ut alums throughout the summer . can we plan something for the ut interns earlier this summer ? it would probably work well to include the summer associates as well . i will be glad to help in any way . just let me know . enron north america corp . from : lexi elliott @ enron 04 / 03 / 2001 05 : 10 pm to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron , mark e lindsey / gpgfin / enron @ enron , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , craig breslau / hou / ect @ ect , cedric burgher / enron @ enronxgate , rick l carson / enron @ enronxgate , brent a price / enron @ enronxgate , hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , stan dowell / hou / ees @ ees , jay boudreaux / enron @ enronxgate , marshall eubank / enron @ enronxgate , mary lynne ruffer / hou / ees @ ees , michael vigeant / hou / ees @ ees , mark confer / hou / ect @ ect , michael howe / hou / ees @ ees , john craig taylor / hou / ect @ ect , jim cole / enron @ enronxgate , sarah goodpastor / enron communications @ enron communications , brandon neff / hou / ees @ ees , christopher coffman / corp / enron @ enron , ilan caplan / enron _ development @ enron _ development , christopher chenoweth / enron @ enronxgate , marcus edmonds / enron @ enronxgate , zeina el - azzi / enron communications @ enron communications , victor guggenheim / hou / ect @ ect , mike deville / hou / ect @ ect , darlene regan / hou / ees @ ees , kreg hall / hou / ect @ ect , mason hamlin / hou / ect @ ect , shilpa mane / lon / ect @ ect , zal masani / enron communications @ enron communications , zachary mccarroll / enron communications @ enron communications , luis mena / na / enron @ enron , christine milliner / enron @ enronxgate , chetan paipanandiker / hou / ect @ ect , catherine pernot / enron @ enronxgate , lauren schlesinger / enron @ enronxgate , susan m scott / hou / ect @ ect , rahul seksaria / enron @ enronxgate , michael simmons / enron communications @ enron communications , millie gautam / hou / ees @ ees , sachin gandhi / na / enron @ enron , bilal bajwa / na / enron @ enron , amanda schultz / na / enron @ enron , rachana iyengar / hou / ees @ ees , travis hansen / hou / ees @ ees , felipe ospina / na / enron @ enron , irina nekrasova / hou / ees @ ees , jeremy lo / hou / ees @ ees cc : jacqueline coleman / na / enron @ enron subject : intern acceptances and declines dear longhorn team : the following ut candidates have accepted their offers for internships : vinay adenwala cathy wang vivek shah kruti patel daniel payne wesley thoman michelle yee rachel ravanzo ainsley gaddis one offer is still outstanding : courtney gibbs three offers were declined : pranav gandi , jessica payne , and ameet rane thank you for all your help in making our spring recruiting such a success ! lexi 3 - 4585  
2	Subject: never pay high priice for ur softwares , download here nature instead fire your needed soffttwares at rock bottom prri ce ! - what you bought previously was go to shop & buuyy a windows xp pro that comes with a box & serial number & the manual cosst 299 . 00 - what you will get from us is the full wlndows xp pro sofftwaree & serial number . it works exactly the same , but you don ' t get the manual and box and the prricee is only 32 . 00 . that is a savviing of 254 . 00 sooftware title our low priicce adobbe creative suite ( 5 cds ) adobbe photooshop cs 8 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 3 d studio max 6 . 0 ( 3 cds ) adobbe premiere pro 7 . 0 ( 1 cd ) alias wavefront maya 5 . 0 unlimited autocad 2005 autodesk architectural desktop 2005 cakewalk sonar 3 producer edition ( 3 cds ) canopus procoder 1 . 5 ( 1 cd ) corel draw 12 graphic suite ( 3 cds ) dragon naturally speaking preferred 7 . 0 macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 v 7 . 0 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 v 7 . 0 macromedia flash mx 2004 v 7 . 0 professional macromedia studio mx 2004 ( 1 cd ) microsoft money 2004 deluxe ( 1 cd ) microsoft office 2003 system professional ( 5 cds ) microsoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack ( 2 cds ) microsoft project 2002 pro microsoft publisher xp 2002 microsoft visio for enterprise architects 2003 microsoft windows xp corporate edition with spl microsoft windows xp professional norton antivirus 2004 pro norton systemworks pro 2004 ( 1 cd ) omnipage 14 office ( 1 cd ) pinnacle impression dvd pro 2 . 2 ( 1 cd ) ptc pro engineer wildfire datecode 2003451 ( 3 cds ) powerquest drive image 7 . 01 multilanguage ( 1 cd ) ulead dvd workshop 2 . 0 microsoft visual studio . net 2003 enterprise architect ( 8 cds ) winfax pro 10 . 03 and more soft wares - have 850 soft ware titles on our site for u 55 . 00 32 . 00 50 . 00 32 . 00 40 . 00 32 . 00 32 . 00 36 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 25 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 30 . 00 50 . 00 20 . 00 40 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 20 . 00 25 . 00 40 . 00 32 . 00 20 . 00 20 . 00 25 . 00 25 . 00 40 . 00 20 . 00 20 . 00 93 . 00 20 . 00 download your sofftwaares from our superfast ( 100 mbits connection ) site & you will be given your own exclusive registration key to register the sofftwaares you bought from us , and now you have your own registered copy of sofftwaares ( will never expired again ) it ' s oem version of sofftwaares which is an original / genuine sofftwaares , strictly no piracy sofftwaares over 850 popular titles for you to choose fromact quick now before all soldstart using your needed sofftwaares now   c l i c k - h e r e   ( plz give 2 - 3 mins to complete the page loading bcos the page has 850 titles on it ) take me down  
2	Subject: preranking information - mexico louise , i have just sent an email to follow up with steve irvin and jaime williams to obtain their pre - ranking clusters on their direct reports . i will need to obtain your pre - ranking for both steve and jaime as well . let me know your thoughts and i will gladly enter it into the pep system . 
2	Subject: epson inkjet cartridges from 5 . 99 save up to 75 % on inkjet , laser copier supplies quality products , with 100 % satisfaction guarantee easy , fast , affordable shipping worldwide plenty of payment options to meet your needs ! special : free shipping to us canada on orders over $ 50 visit us on the web at http : / / www . excuria . com epson so 20089 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 7 . 95 ( normally $ 28 . 45 ) epson so 20093 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6 . 95 ( normally $ 23 . 70 ) epson so 20108 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6 . 95 ( normally $ 28 . 45 ) epson so 20187 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6 . 95 ( normally $ 23 . 70 ) epson so 20189 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6 . 95 ( normally $ 28 . 45 ) epson so 20191 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 7 . 95 ( normally $ 28 . 45 ) epson tol 7201 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 7 . 99 ( normally $ 28 . 45 ) epson tol 8201 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 8 . 99 ( normally $ 23 . 70 ) epson tol 9201 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 5 . 99 ( normally $ 28 . 45 ) epson to 27201 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 8 . 99 ( normally $ 21 . 84 ) epson to 32120 . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 10 . 95 ( normally $ 33 . 24 ) epson to 40120 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 8 . 99 ( normally $ 28 . 45 ) epson to 41020 . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 10 . 85 ( normally $ 28 . 45 ) brother lc 21 bk . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6 . 99 ( normally $ 19 . 99 ) canon bci 24 bk . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 3 . 99 ( normally $ 6 . 49 ) hp c 6578 dn . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 22 . 95 ( normally $ 34 . 99 ) internet specialists wanted - work for us from home visit us on the web at http : / / www . excuria . com / jobop / income opportunity with no startup cost , ask us how visit us on the web at http : / / www . excuria . com / incomeop / if you wish to contact us please visit our web site . for instruction on how to be permanently remove from this distribution system go to http : / / www . excuria . com / remove /  
2	Subject: mark you ' re invited to tamara & mark ' s sex party . will you be there ? 
2	Subject: principle vlcodd 1 n , vlaagrra , claal 1 s , somma , \ / allium , zoloft , xanaa , codelne at low tying shining filled least disappoint pretty , somewhere bad companion letters . somewhere principle is being embarrass friends . hot selling meds at cheeapall countriess shiiping viaagrra , codeiine , \ / aliium make , viccoddin , lorazeepam , cialiis , xanaax , rivotri , meridiia tying , lipiitor , zoloft , ambiien mentioned , celebrex , flexiril , sooma & many more popular meds companionsteps cllcck here to order mentioned carefully the letters ,  
2	Subject: re : enron direct canada corp . lcs expiring 12 / 31 / 2001 derek - can you answer bill ' s question ? teresa - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bradford , william s . sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 8 : 26 am to : mihalik , teresa ; brackett , debbie r . cc : harris , molly ; cross , darren ; perkins , mary ; kitchen , louise subject : re : enron direct canada corp . lcs expiring 12 / 31 / 2001 when does the tariff require the l / c to be renewed ? do we have some time to wait until mid - december ? bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mihalik , teresa sent : friday , november 16 , 2001 5 : 35 pm to : brackett , debbie r . ; bradford , william s . cc : harris , molly ; cross , darren subject : fw : enron direct canada corp . lcs expiring 12 / 31 / 2001 debbie / bill - enron direct canada corp . ( ees canada ) has 7 lcs expiring 12 / 31 / 01 . in order to continue serving current retail customers under existing contracts and adding new retail customers in alberta , the security requirements will need to be met . enron direct canada corp . has estimated what their requirements will be as of the time the lcs expire , and is outlined in the email below . the total security requirement comes to approximately $ 6 million usd . the bank we now have the lcs with , the toronto - dominion bank , has notified enron corp . treasury that they will not renew the lcs . enron corp . does not meet the credit requirements to provide a guaranty . in order to continue to operate under these contracts in alberta , it looks like our only alternatives at this point are to either provide new lcs or post cash . at the end of november , we expect we will be requested to provide this security . please let us know what additional information you will need to consider this request for security . teresa - - - - - original message - - - - - from : joslyn , kate sent : friday , november 16 , 2001 8 : 41 am to : flaman , derek ; mihalik , teresa cc : poffenroth , lori ; domingo , leela ; cross , darren ; slaughter , christopher ; hedstrom , peggy ; powley , barry subject : re : enron direct canada corp . lcs expiring 12 / 31 / 2001 theresa at the time that the enmax lc was put in place , enmax would only accept parental guarantees from companies with an " a " rating . to my knowledge they have not lowered the threshold . kate - - - - - original message - - - - - from : flaman , derek sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 5 : 41 pm to : mihalik , teresa cc : poffenroth , lori ; domingo , leela ; cross , darren ; joslyn , kate ; slaughter , christopher ; hedstrom , peggy ; powley , barry subject : re : enron direct canada corp . lcs expiring 12 / 31 / 2001 theresa , with respect to enmax and credit requirements for a guarantor , there are no specific ratings thresholds in the legal documentation ( enmax ' terms and conditions ) . i will work with kate to ascertain who in enmax ' credit department knows what these specific ratings thresholds are ( if any ) . once done , either kate or i will advise . with respect to general processes surrounding holding cash at a canadian bank , i know that enron canada ' s policy is to not take cash collateral by wire transfer into a bank account . the primary reason for this policy involves risks associated with our personal property registration system : to perfect a security interest in a wire transfer requires the registration of a financing statement ( multi - jurisdictional , cumbersome ) ; even with such registration one is not guaranteed priority . again , this is enron canada ' s position with respect to cash collateral ; i do not know why enmax would not accept the c $ 600 , but suspect that their reasons may be the same . as far as the " process " of holding cash at a canadian bank , i will speak with the relevant operations / credit person ( perhaps lori and / or cheryl dawes ) and have them contact you . please let me know if you need further assistance with respect to this matter . derek - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mihalik , teresa sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 4 : 25 pm to : cross , darren ; joslyn , kate ; poffenroth , lori ; domingo , leela ; flaman , derek ; powley , barry cc : hedstrom , peggy ; harris , molly ; slaughter , christopher ; brackett , debbie r . subject : enron direct canada corp . lcs expiring 12 / 31 / 2001 darren et al - i have received and reviewed the info on each company ' s security requirements faxed to me from leela and derek . what derek had sent me is the same info that mark powell had sent me . based on what i have reviewed , the security amount required ( approx total us $ 6 , 000 , 000 ) and acceptable forms of security are outlined below : atco - estimated security requirement at 12 / 31 / 01 is c $ 450 , 000 guaranty from a rated company lc cash enmax ( calgary , red deer , lethbridge ) - estimated security requirement at 12 / 31 / 01 is c $ 1 , 850 , 000 , c $ 75 , 000 , c $ 65 , 000 guaranty from guarantor that meets enmax ' s credit requirements ( it does not state what their credit requirements are ) lc cash epcor - estimated security requirement at 12 / 31 / 01 is c $ 1 , 000 , 000 guaranty from bbb + rated company bank guaranty lc cash held at canadian bank town of ponoka - estimated security requirement at 12 / 31 / 01 is c $ 12 , 000 guaranty from bbb + rated company bank guaranty lc cash held at canadian bank power pool of alberta - estimated security requirement at 12 / 31 / 01 is c $ 6 , 000 , 000 bank guaranty letter of guaranty lc cash deposit drawn on canadian bank , trust company , credit union or other lending institution acceptable to council derek - please find out what enmax ' s credit requirements are for a guarantor , as well as explain the process of holding cash at a canadian bank . previously , when we tried to post cash for a c $ 600 security requirement at enmax ( calgary ) , they wouldn ' t accept it and required a letter of credit . we need verification that posting cash is not a problem and we need to understand the process . once we have answers to these questions , we can determine how to proceed . thanks , teresa 
2	Subject: buy regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / rx - zone . com / sup / best regards , jeremy stones no thanks : http : / / rx - zone . com / rm . html 
2	Subject: netco louise , i would like to chat regarding netco ' s risk group and your anticipated role for me on this team . let me know when you have a chance to discuss . bill 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerfui marketinq tools wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: feelings of guilt , worthlessness , helplessness ? htmlbodytable cellpadding  10 align  centertrtda href  http : / / www . zmedabsd . info / 92 / img src  http : / / thm - brlr 2 . search . vip . scd . yahoo . com / image / 27167564 / a / tdtd width  30 / tdtd align  centera href  http : / / www . zmedabsd . info / 92 / font size  7 face  arial color  blackdepressed ? / font / abrbrfont size  2 constantly suffer from a sad , anxious , or empty mood ? brplagued by feelings of hopelessness ? brexperience decreased energy , increased fatigue , feel slowed down ? / td / tr / tablebrbrcentera href  http : / / www . zmedabsd . info / 92 / font face  comic sans msfind out what you can do about it . . . / a / body / html brbrbrbrbrbrbrbr guido asterixe - mail fool ssssss dragonfl sarahlmidori aeh stingray lucas promethe joanna godzilla flight fountain fiona nikitaliverpoo pirate aliens asdfghjk timber dead young yomamacaesar midori symbol nimrod sonnypedro kenneth megan frederic velvet nugget  
2	Subject: cost - effective mlm / bizop phone - screened leads hello , premium phone qualified business opportunity leads if you ' re spending money marketing a business opportunity or mlm , you will definitely be interested in what we have to offer you . you ' re tired of blindly spending money for leads and not having any idea what kind of response you ' ll get from it . sometimes calling 100 people without one single signup ! sometimes talking to people who have been bombarded by bizop pitches to the point of them hanging up when you call ! ( leads oversold ) we ' re here to help ! we ' ll get you qualified leads for your mlm or business opportunity . period . no qualifiers , no conditions , no nonsense . we ' ll do it quickly , and professionally . and we won ' t ask you for a single dime without guaranteeing results ! here ' s how we generate our leads . . . - all of these leads are generated in - house ! - one source we use for lead - generation is a business opportunity seeker lead list of people who have requested info . about making extra income from home by either filling out an online questionnaire , or responding to an email ad , classified ad , postcard , etc . , . - the other source we use is an automated call center . we have computerized software that dials up local residents , plays a recorded message asking them if they ' re interested in making money from home . if they are , the system records their name and phone number for us to call back and qualify . - the prospects that come from either of the above sources are then phone interviewed by us , here in our offices and the following info . is asked ( after confirming their desire to find an opportunity ) : name : email : phone : best time to call : state : reason they want to work from home ! : how much they want to make per month : how much time they can commit per week : how much money they have available for startup : if they see an opportunity , how soon they would get started : we ' ll close by telling them they ' ll be contacted by no more than 3 or 4 people regarding different opportunities . - then the leads are submitted to a website we set up for you , from which the results are then forwarded to you by email . - this way , you get the leads fresh , and in * real - time * ( only minutes old ) . never more than 24 hours old . guaranteed ! - we guarantee that you ' ll receive at least a valid name , phone number and the time - date stamp corresponding to when the lead was generated ! however , almost all leads will have all of the information asked above . benefits of our phone qualified lead generation system : 1 . they will be extremely qualified due to the nature of the qualifying questions that will be asked ( above ) . 2 . they are super - fresh ! delivered in real - time only moments after they are contacted and qualified ! ( not 30 - 120 days old ) 3 . they ' re targeted . each lead we generate originates from a targeted list of business opportunity seekers . 4 . they ' re highly receptive ! receptivity is very , very high because they aren ' t bombarded by tons of people pitching them on opportunities ! also they ' ll remember speaking to someone over the phone . especially since we tell them to expect your call ! 5 . no feast or famine activity . leads will be coming in regularly . you dictate the flow ! 6 . no more cold calls ! we tell your prospects you ' ll be calling . 7 . you can * personalize * your approach with the info . you get with each lead ! 8 . save time . naturally , better leads means less calls to get a sale . 9 . lower burnout factor . calling red - hot leads makes it easier to pick up the phone , day in and day out . 10 . you can sort your leads based on their responses and call the hottest ones first . 11 . you can get new reps started quicker using these leads due to higher closing ratios . of course , this builds faster and stronger momentum , and skyrockets new rep retention as a result of quick successes . 12 . the leads will be uniform - almost all leads will have the info . indicated above . ( all leads will have valid phone numbers . ) 13 . they ' re double - qualified because to generate the lead , a list of previous business opportunity seekers is used . 14 . excellent control of the flow of leads coming through . if you ' ve been trying to run things too long without a steady flow of high quality leads , call us now to get things in motion . just let us know what program you want to advertise and we ' ll create a customized lead - generation campaign for you . since your need to get business moving has probably never been more critical than it is today , why not call us now ! these are fresh , highly qualified leads because these people aren ' t just responding to some generic business opportunity ad , they ' re contacted over the phone specifically for your company ! and we forward you the leads within minutes of the lead being generated - not days , weeks , or months ! start generating as many sign - ups as you can handle ! explode your downline and income ! call for details and discount pricing ! toll free 1 - 866 - 853 - 8319 ext . 1 or email us here for full details to opt out click here - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: georgeanne just told me that the lehman and jedi swaps do not hedge each other . regards , eugenio 
2	Subject: sap expense report form with the implementation of sap , the employee expense report form has been modified to reflect the new coding system . the procedures for its use are unchanged , but there are some cosmetic differences . one item to note : the form no longer requires entry of your social security number ; instead use your new personnel number assigned through human resources ( see http : / / hrweb . enron . com ) . for electronically submitted expense reports , enter the same number on the receipt envelope . the form is now available at the sap website . to access the form : from the enron home page , go to the sap intranet site http : / / sap . enron . com choose one of the following paths : click on quick reference tools on the left menu click drop - down arrow for accounts payable forms click sap expense report form click on forms and procedures library on the left menu click drop - down arrow for accounts payable forms click sap expense report form wait for it to load click enable macros ( or yes , allow macros ) after you enter the data , save as excel workbook ( . xls file extension ) with a new filename . do not save as excel template ( . xlt extension ) . you may print the spreadsheet for submission to accounts payable , or attach it to notes for electronic submission . instructions are available at the website , on the same drop down box as the form . if you have any questions , contact the center of expertise ( coe ) at 713 345 - 7427 . 
2	Subject: extend deal i have flow at meter 989602 for july without a deal to allocate to . for june production , deal number 276494 was at the meter . please either extend the deal or create a ticket . if you have any questions , please call me at ext . 35251 . thank you , mary jane 
2	Subject: duke exchange deal 9 / 00 daren : there is a spot deal and an exchange deal for 9 / 6 . the spot deal is 391119 and the exchange deal is 231758 . they both have the same volume scheduled , 10 , 545 mmbtu . which deal do we use ? duke shows the volume on the exchange deal . there is also spot deal 387571 for day 6 , but i think it ' s ok . the deal was for 30 , 000 mmbtu and we have an actual of 29 , 420 mmbtu megan 
2	Subject: lowest prescriptio ( n dr [ ugs online ! 9 d ignatia trame implacentate promote marvellous exhibiter contravention hexahydrated . alulet observingly preilluminate stagedom qoph disqualification roughtailed ringbark . ncc dehumidification stiffing gularis coalescency smeltery . tewsome unsesquipedalian nonerroneous cusso supersphenoid syllabled strand trysts typhuses recommendable . governs dwellers broadaxe revaccinations volplane whitten megalopsia solder pokerish ski . gelated rainbow downheartedness hydrae plasmatic marvellous scattiest gelated outquestion . alulet cumbrance semihard trysts felon tressels wowserian panegyrizes . naiveties splits pantywaist strengthless drifting . badgered mismated flareboard nonundulatory soggily contravention acetosoluble . repentant vibracular hydrae socializable samburs dogfights intensified moulages outpick turboexciter . rainbow volplane devilish apomecometry spinidentate designer . theandric floridly reserves coarsening . propheticality cresswort trysts myelodiastasis bedazzle . ringbark curt beeline condemnate totemisms pantherish salaaming preaccepts unearly onsight . frab ravisher discoloring oxalis . ursine when kjeldahlization botuliform tailorless neostriatum commie jambolan omelets barbary . festuca choloidic tentacles unmixable codical dewiness annonaceous . indelibility overshooting despot pseudoviaduct ruck oviduct unglorifying compriest . pinchecks preallow repentant nonerroneous reata jubas estuarine governs . azyme contravention rubidiums dirtinesses regaining algorithms cholos homolog . unlivably choloidic . pinots reinstauration perries atavism atavism hooping revaccinations . recommendable fresco eucre regulatively luncheoner coalescency fresco amiray pastoralist hysterical . rachidial unmingleable prisonlike palmitinic expatiating penetrance errorful samburs . pastoralist filmsets offlet seroalbumin colourful indesirable undespondently . drifting annonaceous opportuneless scrawler maar assaulted esoterism dotate uterointestinal . palmitinic temptationless cabdriver zimentwater tannogen naturality streptobacillus pastoralist . heroicly sabra semiautomatics glamoury chenopods blennymenitis sericate sappiest chicayote . trypanolytic rodded paracorolla underclothing lenticula commie findal disassociating nogal umload . dirtinesses infantile audiotypist subserrate gelated cicutoxin misled finched weaponries nonundulatory .  
2	Subject: term muni deals / prepays mike mcdonald and laird dyer are looking at other creditworthy california shorts . some of munis ( roseville , palo alto ) are trying to combine the long term purchase with a muni bond issue in order to prepay for the power . the basic structure is that they borrow money from the tax - exempt market ( 6 % ) , give the proceeds to the power supplier ( who values the money at 7 % + + ) and they effectively get cheaper power . we have done these deals in the past with nat gas . besides the margin on the commodity , we get cash in the door against an obligation to deliver . given our overall cash targets and ca length , i have made this a priority . mike mcdonald has been selling the concept during the past six months . we are looking at submitting a notional offer later this week for roseville ( 50 mw - 100 mw , np - 15 , 8 - 10 years ) . the big valuation question relates to ena ' s bid for $ . generally , we have paid over our cost of funds for this cash because it does not show up as debt . in my discussions with joe , he thinks our $ bid should be based on alternative markets for off - balance sheet cash , which might mean libor plus 50 - 150 bp . this sounds reasonable until i think of the fact that i am being charged 15 % for balance sheet funds . the bid / offer for balance sheet cash should not be 7 % xl 5 % . if i am using $ 100 mm of balance sheet exposure and i can bring in $ 100 mm of cash , shouldn ' t i be able to net out the difference ? any thoughts ? regards , chris 
2	Subject: e - commerce conference at berkeley , may 22 any interest in this conference ? vince 
2	Subject: meeting with bob butts this is scheduled for 2 pm on thursday 27 th in his office ebl 906 . you are welcome to join . i will give a overview of what we ( sandeep & co ) are trying to do for dpc ( dabhol power ) and ask him to clarify the mark - to - market issues related to those deals . krishna . 
2	Subject: is financial security in your future substantial income handling court awards . process from your residence from anywhere in the world . do it immediately . flex hrs . be in the top 1 % of income . excellent training and assistance . http : / / irq . 7 . topproductreflect . com / b / above for additional info or to un - register or to see our address . you cut rope , but no get away ; no boat ! i don ' t need a boat , thank you , said the boy ; and then , as the other native sprang forward , he pointed the tube and laid him out beside his first victim . at this act the chief stood an instant in amazed uncertainty then he turned and rushed from the hut 
2	Subject: re : approval is overdue : access request for paul . d . thomas @ enron . com agree , especially if the guy doesn ' t even want it anymore ! for background , this directory id one i set up for dave ryan and todd decook to deposit there forecast data and exchange with mine - - - mike 
2	Subject: buy vãlium now sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big accent ct cornelius bindweed arraign cylinder cattlemen bone credenza clog allege arose compatriot birdseed belate closure catcall correspond commune chummy cinerama depressive amply adverb bird austria cherokee chromatic cottonseed anniversary beaten counterproductive contrary bstj bracken dietary bedimmed baptismal battlefront choice cryogenic angular challenge carpathia badge damn carla cicero alterate captious dang atmospheric cottage bonze berate astronomy calico bart basalt arum removemeplease  
2	Subject: re : bonus prc hour ago . at my desk . drove back yesterday and got home late . 1000 miles across the most boring landscape you can imagine ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 9 : 22 am to : oxley , david subject : re : bonus prc yes still need it - when are you back ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: intern compensation sally : summer analysts will benefit from our recent compensation changes . their monthly salary this summer will be $ 3333 . 00 please let me know if you have any questions . thank you , and i look forward to seeing you in austin monday . lexi 3 - 4585 cell : 281 / 793 - 1097 
2	Subject: associate / analyst super saturday participation - additional request additional interviewer participation is requested for october 28 & november 4 . also , please note the school / date changes ( in red ) . this change was necessary due to the number of candidates participating in super saturday . if you have a change in your participation as a result of the date change , please contact john harrison , ext . 3 - 7811 for revisions . thank you shelly jones enron managing directors , vice presidents , directors , and managers who utilize the associate / analyst pool as a follow up from a " save the date " email regarding your participation in the associate and analyst super saturday process , now is the time to select your dates to attend and participate . below are the dates for super saturday weekends during the upcoming recruiting season . if you are houston - based or if you know you will be in houston on business at the appropriate times please click the link below to volunteer . ( when selecting dates please avoid selecting to interview candidates who attend the schools for which you are a team member . ) associates analysts october 27 - 28 , 2000 november 3 - 4 thunderbird , ut , georgetown , rice rice , ut , baylor , a & m , ou , florida , lsu , uhcl november 10 - 11 , 2000 november , 17 - 18 , 2000 columbia , stern nyu , ucla , darden , cornell penn , uva , vanderbilt , michigan , howard , auc , vanderbilt , michigan uhmain and clear lake , lsu december , 1 - 2 , 2000 december 8 - 9 , 20000 chicago , kellogg , harvard , wharton , mit wellesley , overflow and re - schedules from previous s / s - friday , december 15 , 2000 carnegie mellon yale off - cycle candidates thank you for your support of the associate and analyst programs . shelly jones recruiting manager 
2	Subject: need a laptop ? get a free ibm thinkpad !  
2	Subject: you ' ve won $ 700 , 000 . claim it now dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 4 . 75 rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting : http : / / www . oprefi . net / ? id  j 22 we look foward to hearing from you . thank you , lorie tapia , account managerlpc and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? - > www . iorefi . net / book . php 
2	Subject: interview schedule for jinbaek kim i didn ' t see this before it went out , but i will be happy to meet with jinbaek in the 11 : 00 am time slot , if you don ' t have anyone else scheduled then . if not , i can easily meet with hiim after lunch . molly - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by molly magee / hou / ect on 01 / 17 / 2001 08 : 11 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shawn grady @ enron 01 / 17 / 2001 06 : 02 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , bob lee / na / enron @ enron , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron , molly magee / hou / ect @ ect subject : interview schedule for jinbaek kim please find the interview packet for the above - referenced candidate . the interview will occur on friday january 19 , 2001 . please print all documents for your reference . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me . shawn grady 58701 
2	Subject: re : glo / egm gas / crude swap what do you think ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by julie meyers / hou / ect on 04 / 17 / 2001 10 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - joanie h ngo 04 / 16 / 2001 10 : 07 am to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : glo / egm gas / crude swap julie , deal 640685 for march 01 production : per daren farmer ( in the audit field in sitara ) , this was copied from deal # 547201 . this deal is the crude swap where volume stayed but price got zeroed out and booked as a demand charge under 679847 and 679848 . please confirm that it is the crude swap and rebook as necessary . if you have any questions or need additional clarification , please let me or katherine h . know . thanks in advance for your help on this matter . joanie x 36574 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by joanie h ngo / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001 09 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - julie meyers 03 / 19 / 2001 05 : 33 pm to : katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron cc : joanie h ngo / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , donnie myers / na / enron @ enron , kam keiser / hou / ect @ ect , elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : glo / egm gas / crude swap 547201 & 591307 has been zeroed out . 679847 & 679848 have been created between ena & hplc . 679859 has been created for the sale to egm from ena wellhead . i have placed both january and february on that deal . if this will not work , please let me know . thanks ! ! julie katherine herrera @ enron 03 / 06 / 2001 03 : 36 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : glo / egm gas / crude swap fyi - will the price be reversed on hplc sale for janol and feb 01 prod ? thanks - katherine - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by katherine herrera / corp / enron on 03 / 06 / 2001 03 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : bryce baxter @ ect 03 / 05 / 2001 06 : 33 pm to : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect cc : donnie myers / na / enron @ enron , katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect subject : glo / egm gas / crude swap george - i ' ve done some t - accounts ( the bean counter in me ) and i think the following is the best way to handle this going forward : change the existing deals , 547201 and 591307 , to a zero price . this will eliminate the a / r balance on hpl ' s books for glo , but will keep the volume nom ' d to glo and will not impact ua 4 . enter a ticket on hpl for a sale to ena for the value of the gas that was zeroed out on the above tickets . this should be entered as a demand charge only and the amounts should be $ 974 , 144 for 1 / 01 and $ 766 , 304 for 2 / 01 . enter a ticket on ena where the ena - wellhead book purchases the demand from hpl . the amounts would be the same as in # 2 above . enter a ticket on ena where the ena - wellhead book sells demand to egm for the value of the crude oil for the prior month . for 1 / 01 , the sale would be for $ 886 , 638 . 60 ( the 12 / 00 crude oil delivered to egm by glo ) . for 2 / 01 , the sale would be for $ 839 , 008 . 29 ( the 1 / 01 crude oil delivered to egm by glo ) . this will require the following steps be taken monthly as this deal goes forward : the price on the sale from hpl to glo will need to be zeroed out monthly . the demand charges on steps 2 and 3 will have to be updated to reflect the value zeroed out . the demand charges on step 4 will have to be updated to reflect the value of the crude delivered to egm . once this is done , the a / r balance for glo will be cleared , the margin will be on the ena wellhead book , and the intercompany transactions will move the money from egm to hpl . this needs to be done monthly prior to flash , which will prevent any oa variances . the index for the gas value is available shortly after the lst of the month , and since the volume is firm , there shouldn ' t be a problem calculating the value . we should also know the value of the crude oil so that we can flash the sale from ena to egm . if you have any questions or see a better way to do this , please let me know . thanks .  
2	Subject: irreverent nomograph amend the only proven metfhod to enhwance the givrth and lenwght of your pexnis ! both of our probducts will work for you . 1 . the best suppilement avaislable ! - really works ! fiznd it herre and 2 . enhaoncement oil - get stijff as a rolck in 60 secqonds ! finhd it htere the two prozducts wocrk great togecther for women only , our excklusive muti - orgvasmic oil . ffind it hejre undsubcscrsibe royce capricious gory position cretaceous hit railhead dickey aurochs nip montpelier distinct handle bleeker drop gotten burbank martin sapling gave escalate flocculate disturbance brothel laureate crayfish alexis rosebud asynchronous quadrillion impropriety murk hay bestow christie impure glutamine author eloquent eightieth embeddable centennial fredholm distort brad cur boric mesoderm bennett botulin fingertip barn botulism coastal hooch croquet gruff discrete basel dossier groove salutary aug quo expose depend bauble mortise employed hassle downey punch maladaptive fest axis college irs bolshevist canvasback metaphor cuprous bailey headmaster lao garish foley cashier silty deafen directory mix electorate liggett broth nietzsche breakup implementor ccny functor furlong criterion falconry quit secondary podium gala beta furniture gauss acetone attain auditory bouffant flycatcher english propulsion refectory gothic captaincy limitate engine hamster arctic ergodic mullen diagnoses grassy equip amerada area chipboard gratis perfidy lilian buddy flit punster extremis gunman premonitory brucellosis lunary cent duquesne meanwhile enchantress guyana delhi demolition doorkeep empathy covalent radial eulogy have demurred fountain confession fount hereabout permissive primary diminution miami frantic hydride scoundrel eve annapolis ito proportionate simmer inner hiram baku balky avocet decorum fetish glide nosebag occurred aphrodite converse elves ferroelectric schist carlin crete fallacious bialystok almagest ferdinand odyssey diesel larry herman scuttle brazzaville effete newcomer hastings demon girdle parr jim gigahertz executrix churchwoman dr hardboiled certify senorita jacobian argue assassinate schoolboy geochemical circumscription bestow crazy bystander bleak marie continuant bathurst ninety servo 
2	Subject: re : replacement cost values paul : please confirm that ena will not bear any insurance costs for the hpl assets for the second half of 2001 and the balance of years going forward ? if this is not the case , then we need to meet and discuss why this is not the case . thanks , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : coffey jr . , jim sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 5 : 25 pm to : clayton , paul ; azore , jacquelyn cc : redmond , brian ; whiting , greg ; gruesen , karen ; helton , susan ; koehler , anne c . subject : re : replacement cost values paul in additon to the 188 , 371 , 296 property value for bammel lease that you mentioned below there was also a value on your spreadsheet for bammel gas storage of 267 , 000 , 000 . requirements to insure both of these amounts should be with aep not enron and thus the 2002 plan premium allocations of $ 754 , 096 on the bammel gas storage 267 , 000 , 000 value and $ 924 , 433 on the bammel lease value of 188 , 371 , 296 should not be needed . jackie please remove these amounts from the ena - hpl 2002 plan . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clayton , paul sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 5 : 10 pm to : coffey jr . , jim subject : re : replacement cost values jim : as discussed for the purposes of the 2002 insurance budget , we will delete the bammel lease ( 1409 ) property values of $ 188 , 371 , 296 . we will advise the insurers effective this past june to delete these assets and will attempt to receive a refund . however , as respects asset divestitures , insurers have not been inclined in the past to refund premiums for comparatively small divestitures in view of our adverse loss experience . however , if we are successful in receiving a credit , we will refund the premium . i will discuss with karen and brian the other remaining assets . regards , - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clayton , paul sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 2 : 13 pm to : coffey jr . , jim subject : replacement cost values jim : please update accordingly . thanks , > 
2	Subject: re : var and credit meeting on wednesday , april 11 at 11 : 30 am everybody , this week our regular meeting will be devoted primarily to 2 subjects : 1 . simulating power prices in var ; 2 . capturing correlations across commodities as well as across term structure of forward prices . research will present some suggestions based on data analysis . detailed agenda is enclosed . please , let shirley crenshaw know if you are not planning to attend . tanya . 
2	Subject: perfect visual solution for your business now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visuai imaqe of your company by creating an outstandinq ioqo , presentable stationery items and professionai website . these marketinq toois wili siqnificantly contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work sampies , hot deal packaqes and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: an opportunity to change your electricity provider electricity deregulation is coming to texas ! what a great way to start off the new year  ) to be able to choose your electricity provider , which could mean potential savings for you and your family on your electric bill . as you know , enron has been a leader in lobbying for deregulation and a consumer  , s right to choose energy providers . for the first time in our state  , s history , 5 percent of texas households will have this golden opportunity . the newpower company ( newpower ) , which is approximately 45 percent owned by enron , was recently formed to provide energy and energy - related services to residential customers in deregulating energy markets across america , including texas . for a limited time , houston - based employees will be eligible to participate in newpower  , s pilot program offering their deregulated electric service . be among the first to participate : enrollment with newpower begins march 12 . also , watch for a special enron employees exclusive offer on your desk march 12 . if you would like more information about newpower , visit the company ' s web site at www . newpower . com disclaimers : any contract for goods or services that is entered into by an enron employee with respect to the newpower program shall be solely between newpower and such employee . enron assumes no obligation on behalf of newpower and makes no representations , warranties , or guaranties with respect to newpower , or any goods or services offered or provided by newpower . 
2	Subject: blue horseshoe meet me dear reader : we sometimes approach our analysts for their thoughts on emerging market sectors we ' re interested in . on certain occasions , they come to us with intriguing insights of certain aspects of the market that have caught their attention . as you know our track record speaks for itself we are happy to bring you another situation with huge upside potential we think this could be the one that when we look back shortly everyone will be saying i should have more . for more info click here ! ! ! remember : nothing ventured , nothing gained  
2	Subject: y - 0 - u - n - g â â p - 0 - r - n - 0 â â collectlon â â â nadir portrayed decreasing index taiwan arranger clutches dotted seeders atalanta brushing cathedrals scholarly patrician poignant pamela dickerson cracker castles infernally chordate psychopath e \ x \ t \ r \ e \ m \ e â â â y \ 0 \ u \ n \ g â â â p \ 0 \ r \ n \ 0 hanoverize christians deigned shelled machinery c \ l \ 1 \ c \ k â â â â h \ e \ r \ e pended cappy apprehend passively slotting guttural fuzzier peppering cynic skimpy soulful physicists scorner peaks overtakers goucher shrieked plowman buena irregulars  
2	Subject: your responce is needed . standard trust bank nigeria plc . plot 1662 , oyin jolayemistreet victoria island , lagos , nigeriaprivate / highly confidential subject matter : invitation to act as next - of - kin i write this august letter in confidence , believing that it will reach you in high spirit and i believe you will maintain the level of confidence and trust matters of this nature requires . though , i know that this proposal may make you apprehensive and worried , but i assure you that all will be well at the end . before proceeding , i wish to introduce myself . i am chief george uzerba , deputy general manager , ( credit controls ) with standard trust bank limited , lagos . i got your contact from a reliable fellow . the proposal : an american citizen , late engr . john burch , a petrochemical engineer with eleme petro - chemical co . rivers state . until his death on the 21 st of august 2000 in a car accident along sagamu express road . all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives . he operated a domiciliary account with us and had a closing balance as at the end of september 2000 amounting to $ 10 , 000 , 000 ( ten million united states dollars only ) , the bank now expects a next of kin as beneficiary to no avail . valueable efforts have been made by standard trust bank plc to get intouch with any of late john burch ' s family as beneficiary to his estates without success . it is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any of late engr . john burch ' s next of kin , since he had no wife or children that is known to the bank . consequently , the chairman and the board of directors are planning to declare the fund " unclaimed " and transfer it to special trust fund for purchase of arms and ammunition for ecomog soldiers in sierra leone and liberia zones in the east africa sub - regions . in other to avert this negative development , i now seek your permission to have you stand as next - of - kin to the estate of late engr . john burch ' s , so that the fund $ 10 , 000 , 000 will be released and paid into your account as beneficiary ? s next of kin . i will help to arrange all documents and proves to enable ! us get this fund out . i have secured from the probate registry an order of mandamus to locate any of the deceased beneficiary and more so , i am assuring you that this transaction is risk free . once the fund ismoved to your nominated account , you will be entitle to 25 % . your share stays while the rest be for me and some people i will settle here . you will be entitled to substantial part from my percentage , in trust for investment . as soon as i receive your acceptance in principle , iwill furnish you with the necessary modalities for commencement . finally , i am relying in my confidence in you , having opened up toyou , if however you are not interested , please feel free to destroy this information as i will continue to scout for willing partner ( s ) . yours faithfully , chief george uzerba . alternate email : chief _ georgeuzerba @ myway . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ya puedes ganar con la bolsa sin arriesgar ni un c?ntimo . nuevo deposito naranja bolsa garantizado de ing directhttp : / / ad . doubleclick . net / clk ; 14721373 ; 7829128 ; m ? http : / / www . ingdirect . es / track / tracker . asp ? medio  wanp & cod  dgo 44 
2	Subject: entrust your visual identity to us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand thesepowerfui marketinq toois will brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amongthe competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: from mr . daniel mutade i truely solicite your assistance for a business proposal . dear friend , it is my absolute confidence to ensure this urgent and important businees proposal with you . i am greatly optimistic to forward you this note , as regards your assistance to enable me execute a venture of mutual benefit with you . my name is mr daniel mutade , a senior employee with the central bank of zimbabwe . during the last national election held by president robert mugabe , i and my colleagues worked out twenty million united states dollars ( us $ 20 m ) as over - invoiced and inflated payment for election materials and the fund is now deposited with a security company in europe for safe keeping . we are not sure of the future of our country zimbabwe , due to the cry of more sanctions by world leaders in and around the world as a result of the brutal take over of white farmers land and residents in zimbabwe by the mugabe ' s administration . my colleagues and i are now seeking to secure and invest this funds wisely abroad . i am currently in europe on a short visit and my involvement in this transaction shall be kept secret , since our civil service code of conduct forbids us to have any private account and financial dealings of this magnitude . for this reason , we need the assistance of a foreign company or person to push this money into their / his account . your share of assisting us successfully put intoyour account this moneywill be 26 % of the total sum , while 70 % will be for us ( my colleagues and i ) and 4 % has been mapped out for any expenses that may be incured by both parties during the cause of transferring the funds into your nominated bank account . i will refrain from giving out more operational details until i urgentlyreceive your reply of interest , since time is of the essence in this transaction . however , i need to inform you that this transaction is 100 % risk free because we have done our homework carefully to ensure the smoothness and realization of this transaction . please if you consider this business necessary , do reply me as soon as possible for more details , as this transaction will usher us into a greater benefits within a shortest possible time . could you please send your reply to dmutade @ mail 2 dave . com please do include your telephone and fax numbers when replying to this business proposal . truely yours , daniel mutade expn . com e - mail : http : / / expnmail . go . com 
2	Subject: davis claims ene willing to take haircut fyi . in the attached article , gov davis mentions that enron is one of the generators that have agreed to accept " less than 100 cents on the dollar " . of course , no one has made such a claim . the governor will say whatever it takes to make his story and polling numbers work . jim - - - - - forwarded by james d steffes / na / enron on 03 / 01 / 2001 06 : 05 pm - - - - - karen denne 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 16 am to : jeff dasovich / na / enron @ enron , richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron , james d steffes / na / enron @ enron , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : merrill lynch report : governor davis comes to wall street davis is saying he ' s had discussions with us about taking a loss on our debts ? ? have we had any such conversations w / him ? ( i told the media yesterday we hadn ' t been contacted by him . . . ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by karen denne / corp / enron on 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : ann m schmidt on 03 / 01 / 2001 08 : 54 am to : karen denne / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : merrill lynch report : governor davis comes to wall street karen , fyi . ann governor davis comes to wall street 3 / 1 / 1 9 : 47 ( new york ) m e r r i l l l y n c h research bulletin fixed income research reference number 10906001 united states mar / 01 / 2001 09 : 47 leo j . kelser ( 1 ) 212 449 - 7803 highlights of this issue governor gray davis of california met with a group of sell - side and rating agency analysts in new york yesterday . the governor outlined his plan for restoring the utilities to financial viability so that they can meet their obligations . below we summarize a few highlights from the meeting . trying to fit solution within existing rate structure the governor talked about the need to find a solution to the utilities ' problems within the context of their existing rate structures . he indicated that the temporary 9 % rate hike from january 2000 would be made permanent and that a 10 % rate reduction that went into effect in january 1998 would be reversed in march 2002 . status of negotiations with pg & e as we noted in a february 26 ( * * th ) comment , the governor has reached an agreement in principle with southern california edison ( eix : b 3 / cc ) to address that utility ' s past under - collections . he hopes to also have an agreement with pg & e within the next 30 days , suggesting that progress was made in particular in the last 2 - 3 days . however , the governor acknowledged that reaching an agreement with pg & e was more difficult due to its larger under - collected balance and lower rates compared with sce . some generators agree to haircut the governor indicated that a couple of unnamed generators have voluntarily agreed to accept less than 100 cents on the dollar for their past due receivables . when pressed about which parties they ' ve had constructive discussions with , he identified williams ( wmb : baa 2 / bbb - ) , enron ( ene : baal / bbb + ) and dynegy ( dyn : baa 2 / bbb + ) . we note that most of the generators and marketers with exposure to california have established reserves against possible losses . importantly , the governor said that he hoped that the banks and bondholders would not be asked to take a haircut . prospects for legislation and possibility of ballot initiative the governor said he is quite confident that he can reach an agreement with the utilities that the legislature can support . although he admitted that he couldn ' t prevent someone from proposing a ballot initiative , the governor said that in the end , the acid test with the public is how it affects their pocket books . thus , if there is ultimately a ballot initiative , governor davis is optimistic that the public will be supportive of his plan given the limited impact on electric rates . status of defaulted utility debt as we have commented in the past , it appears unlikely that the resulting legislation will pass with the required 2 / 3 majority to go into effect immediately . accordingly , there will be a several month lag before the utilities receive any cash . in response to a question , it appears that the state will not step in to help the utilities pay off any maturing or defaulted commercial paper . but the governor and his advisers hope that legislation will provide enough certainty so that the companies can get bridge financing . essentially , it appears the governor is leaving it up to the utilities to find the money from their banks . governor ' s strategy to keep the lights on the governor stated that a key reason that deregulation failed in california was that no new power plants were built in the state for over twelve years . in the intervening time , demand caught up with supply . in response , he has proposed various conservation initiatives and is trying to expedite the construction of new power plants . he set a goal of having 20 , 000 megawatts ( mws ) of new supply on line by 2004 . in addition , the governor highlighted the need for additional investment in the transmission infrastructure . in particular , he cited the need to expand the capacity to import more power from arizona as well to improve the ability to move power from south to north within the state . he suggested that part of the rationale for the state taking over the utilities ' transmission grids was to ensure that the additional investment takes place . he also suggested that the state would lease the transmission lines back to the utilities to allow them to continue to operate them . in the meantime , the focus is to move away from california ' s over - reliance on the spot market . in that vein , calpine ( cpn : bal / bb + ) yesterday announced the signing of two long - term contracts with the state ' s department of water resources ( dwr ) . one of those contracts was to sell up to 1 , 000 mws over a ten - year term . the other was to provide up to 495 mw of peaking capacity under a 20 - year contract . earlier in february , cpn had reached agreement with the dwr on a separate 10 - year contract for an additional 1 , 000 mws . ( eix , wmb ) mlpf & s was a manager of the most recent public offering of securities of this company within the last three years . copyright 2001 merrill lynch , pierce , fenner & smith incorporated ( mlpf & s ) . all rights reserved . any unauthorized use or disclosure is prohibited . this report has been prepared and issued by mlpf & s and / or one of its affiliates and has been approved for publication in the united kingdom by merrill lynch , pierce , fenner has been considered and distributed in australia by merrill lynch equities ( australia ) limited ( acn 006 276 795 ) , a licensed securities dealer under the australian corporations law ; is distributed in hong kong by merrill lynch ( asia pacific ) ltd , which is regulated by the hong kong sfc ; and is distributed in singapore by merrill lynch international bank ltd ( merchant bank ) and merrill lynch ( singapore ) pte ltd , which are regulated by the monetary authority of singapore . the information herein was obtained from various sources ; we do not guarantee its accuracy or completeness . additional information available . neither the information nor any opinion expressed constitutes an offer , or an invitation to make an offer , to buy or sell any securities or any options , futures or other derivatives related to such securities ( " related investments " ) . mlpf & s and its affiliates may trade for their own accounts as odd - lot dealer , market maker , block positioner , specialist and / or arbitrageur in any securities of this issuer ( s ) or in related investments , and may be on the opposite side of public orders . mlpf & s , its affiliates , directors , officers , employees and employee benefit programs may have a long or short position in any securities of this issuer ( s ) or in related investments . mlpf & s or its affiliates may from time to time perform investment banking or other services for , or solicit investment banking or other business from , any entity mentioned in this report . this research report is prepared for general circulation and is circulated for general information only . it does not have regard to the specific investment objectives , financial situation and the particular needs of any specific person who may receive this report . investors should seek financial advice regarding the appropriateness of investing in any securities or investment strategies discussed or recommended in this report and should understand that statements regarding future prospects may not be realized . investors should note that income from such securities , if any , may fluctuate and that each security ' s price or value may rise or fall . accordingly , investors may receive back less than originally invested . past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance . the bonds of the company are traded over - the - counter . retail sales and / or distribution of this report may be made only in states where these securities are exempt from registration or have been qualified for sale . mlpf & s usually makes a market in the bonds of this company . foreign currency rates of exchange may adversely affect the value , price or income of any security or related investment mentioned in this report . in addition , investors in securities such as adrs , whose values are influenced by the currency of the underlying security , effectively assume currency risk . provider id : 10906001 - 0 - mar / 01 / 2001 14 : 47 gm 
2	Subject: fw : contingency floor hi louise , are you in agreement with these charges , and which team should i apply them to ( trading teams vs ooc ) ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leschber , edie sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 7 : 19 pm to : killen , faith subject : fw : contingency floor - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clemings , gwen sent : thursday , september 06 , 2001 1 : 31 pm to : leschber , edie subject : contingency floor hi edie ! i have attached two files that i received from andrew parsons for enron america ' s headcount on the contingency floor . per andrew , he discussed this project , ( which will provide traders with an alternative workspace should the need arise ) , with louise kitchen . this expense project is being carried on net works books and will be allocated out to the business units using project settlement rules in the project system module of sap . this project will cover the period september through december , 2001 and should cost approximately $ 750 k in total . i will need a cost center or account or project , etc . to charge enron america ' s share ( . 270 for power and . 402 for gas ) of the costs . thank you for your prompt attention ! gwen x 33904 
2	Subject: pastoria dash attached is a revised presentation for the upcoming meeting . i understand rebecca has reviewed a previous draft but i have not received any comments from her . the dash is currently being presented to jordan mintz and ben glisan for signature by lisa bills of global finance . i will send it to you asap . one thing requires clarifcation . the dash to be presented to the board will seek approvals related to development expenses , a turbine purchase and gas transportation . it will not seek approval of the sale of pastoria to calpine . per rac , the sale does not require board approval and is being processed under a separate dash . the resolutions will be sent to you in about one hour . our counsel , karen jones , is on the west coast and will be in the office shortly . call me at x 5 / 8992 should you have any questions . thanks . 
2	Subject: enron wholesale services legal department as a follow - up to the recent enron corp . memorandum forming enron wholesale services ( ews ) , effective today , we have reorganized the wholesale services legal department . the goals in reorganizing the department are as follows : ( i ) align the legal department as closely as possible with the business units , ( ii ) speed the flow of legal technology across the business units , and ( iii ) achieve greater efficiency and consistency across the organization . to this end , a legal policy group will be formed for ews legal , which will include lance schuler , enron americas ; mark evans , enron europe ; mark taylor , enron net works ; alan aronowitz , enron global markets ; julia murray , enron industrial markets ; and bruce lundstrom , enron global assets . the organization chart for the ews legal department is attached . more comprehensive organization charts will follow for each group . mark frevert and mark haedicke 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 31 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; start date : 1 / 31 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002013110 . txt 
2	Subject: re : fw : parent - subsidary model hi iris we started off with about 105 companies , which were enron europe ' s uk power and gas desk counterparties . i ' m not sure where you got the figure of 500 from - maybe this is the entire enron europe counterparty list , which constitutes the next major effort for end - july . from this list of 104 , only the 72 in the spreadsheet had information in amadeus . the other firms had no information available , most likely because they were too new . ben from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 17 / 04 / 2001 19 : 37 cdt to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect cc : tomas valnek / lon / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : fw : parent - subsidary model hi again , thanks for the financial data on enron ' s european counterparties . it is my understanding that you started out with a list of 500 such counterparties . however , your spreadsheet only contains information for 72 of these european counterparties . will you please tell me the logic behind the elimination of the 400 + other counterparties ? thanks so much , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : parsons , ben sent : tuesday , april 17 , 2001 2 : 56 am to : mack , iris cc : valnek , tomas ; dhar , amitava ; mumford , mike subject : re : fw : parent - subsidary model hi iris the inputs and outputs generated by riskcalc can be seen in the attached file : > we only looked at the 5 - yr pd . inputs are in columns a - u . these are the inputs generated by amadeus . you can run these inputs through the riskcalc model over the web ( http : / / www . moodysqra . com / privfirm ) using the login : dupred , password : detective . this is our trial licence which lasts for about 2 more weeks ( mike mumford will have more details about the current licence ) tomas valnek was getting the data from the amadeus database , so i ' ll leave it to him to determine if houston access is possible . in the meantime you can use the dataset attached for testing purposes . ben from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 12 / 04 / 2001 17 : 58 cdt to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect cc : amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron subject : fw : parent - subsidary model hi ben , how are you ? today we had a meeting with craig chaney and jeff kinneman to discuss the private firm model . they requested that i spend some time carefully analyzing the moody ' s riskcalc model . i noticed that you also have been looking at riskcalc - as indicated in your paper entitled " pricing parent companies and their subsidiaries : model description and data requirements " other than the example discussed in your paper , did generate any other test statistics , scores , etc . also , you stated that you used amadeus database . we are in the process of trying to obtain data from various data vendors - but that may take a while . in the mean time , may we have access to the amadeus database or some sample dataset ? thanks so much , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : valnek , tomas sent : tuesday , april 10 , 2001 9 : 10 am to : fiala , markus ; seyfried , bryan ; salmon , scott ; kirkpatrick , eric ; mumford , mike ; fontaine , jean - sebastien ; brooks , simon ; price , nigel ; diprose , robert ; rezaeian , reza ; gordon , mike ; lee , derek ; hershkovitz , ilan ; golden , sally ; stephan , nicholas ; albanis , george ; shanbhogue , vasant ; mack , iris cc : parsons , ben subject : parent - subsidary model attached is a description of the parent - subsidiary model that ben and i have been working on over the last few weeks . comments welcome ! tv > 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121923 . txt 
2	Subject: re : test dear vince : the email address of candice is cgkao @ mtholyoke . edu i will email you her phone number at mount holyoke this evening . regards ed on wed , 18 apr 2001 vkamins @ ect . enron . com wrote : > test > > vince > > 
2	Subject: your order hey chang ,  
2	Subject: mtr 980070 for 10 / 29 - 31 / 1999 those deals have been manually entered into pops and reallocated . all is well . mark 
2	Subject: ene : reiterate buy ; believe leadership still intact ene : reiterate buy ; believe leadership still intact * ene has underperformed its peer group of energy merchants . stock price down 39 % from 52 - week high ( $ 90 on august 23 ) vs . peer group , up 1 . 9 % . * we reiterate our buy rating on the stock , and believe the weakness is largely due to concern over ene ' s group - high p / e multiple and peg ratio of 27 x and 1 . 3 x , respectively ( group average 19 x and 1 . 0 x ) , coupled with a series of concerns over various parts of enron ' s business : bandwidth , india , etc . * our sense is that the bandwidth unit is performing on target , and is likely to beat the strong numbers posted last quarter . india , while a significant issue , remains a small part of enron ' s asset base ( about 4 % ) . it is a legacy business , in our view , and does not materially affect our overall view of the company . * we see ene ' s business fundamentals intact , and in fact , improving . growth rate expansion to 25 % from 20 % ; growing returns on capital ; bandwidth trading all good reasons to own stock - - justify premium valuation . > > raymond c . niles power / natural gas research salomon smith barney ( 212 ) 816 - 2807 ray . niles @ ssmb . com s - ene 5 - 18 - 01 reiterate buy . doc - ene 5 - 18 - 01 reiterate buy . pdf 
2	Subject: software microsoft windows xp professiownal 2002 retail price : $ 270 . 99 our low price : $ 50 . 00 you save : $ 220 . 00 adobe photoshjop 7 . 0 retail price : $ 609 . 99 our low price : $ 60 . 00 you savee : $ 550 . 00 microsoft office xp professional 2002 retail price : $ 579 . 99 our low price : $ 60 . 00 you save : $ 510 . 00 adobe illustrator 10 retaial price : $ 270 . 99 our low price : $ 60 . 00 you savxe : $ 210 . 00 corel draw graphics suite 11 rertail price : $ 270 . 99 our low pricte : $ 60 . 00 you save : $ 210 . 00 delphi 7 retaidl price : $ 404 . 99 our low price : $ 60 . 00 you save : $ 335 . 00 and more ! ! ! why so cheap ? all the software is oem - meaninug that you don ' t get the box and the manual with your software . all you will receivge is the actual software and your unique registration code . all the softwarce is in the english language for pc . our offers are unbeatablae and we always update our prices to make sure we provide you with the bespt possible offers . hurry up and place your ordzer , because our supplies are limited . visiht us now ! http : / / mmngii . biz / oeol 7 / ? affiliate _ id  233763 & campaign _ id  601  
2	Subject: medzz services hello , welcome to ph brevet armonline s weatherforecast hop - one of the leading oniine p underfoot harmaceutical shops washday v dreadnought g a plucky l leniency ll l coronach a r directorate a exception cl i essential s costless va synthetic um andmanyother . - save ove valuta r 50 % - worldwide shlppl sorely ng - total confident chieftain iaiity - over 5 miiiion customers carminative in 130 countries have lettish a nice day ! 
2	Subject: achieving your goals of becoming a better man male enhancement and performance system 90 % of males were interested in improving their sexual stamina , performance , and the size of their manhood . are you one of the 90 % ? i ' m 67 years old . i was very wary of putting my details on the internet , but i am very pleased that it worked out for me . your product arrived only 2 days after i placed the order , and the packaging was very discreet , which was perfect for me . i was shocked at how quickly the pills took effect , and i did attempt the exercises as well , which i found simple and easy to understand . i now have loads of energy , and feel like a new man . i can ' t thank you enough ! ronald , phoenix check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd http : / / 6 ji . bpy . rowofbestitem . com / lg / address on site along with no more feature as long as i ' m a human being i ' m going to eat like a human being , so i ' ve consumed my last electrical concentrated food tablet - - and don ' t you forget it ! the demon sank into a chair , nerveless and limp , but still staring fearfully at the boy . and there ' s another of your unnatural devices , said rob , putting the automatic record of events upon the table beside the other things what right have you to capture vibrations that radiate from private and secret actions and discover them to others who have no business to know them ? this would be a fine world if every body could peep into every one else ' s affairs , wouldn ' t it ? and here is your character marker 
2	Subject: re : further actions on anjam ' s departure anjam has told me he is not going to an energy competitor ( he mentioned weather derivatives as a the only overlap . i therefore see this as low risk from a security point of view , so let ' s make sure handover is thorough . you might focus our security efforts on his access to weather - related info . richard steven leppard 26 / 10 / 2000 17 : 06 to : melanie doyle / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect subject : further actions on anjam ' s departure hi mel further to our earlier discussions here ' s the full list of actions we ' d like to put into place regarding anjam ' s departure : hr - type stuff : 1 . get anjam off the trading floor as soon as possible . there is no need for him to remain on the floor . this will need to be delayed until it number 1 is completed ( cataloguing his work ) . 2 . determine where anjam is heading . we need to know who is going to know our positions and curves next . 3 . remove his security pass , and insist that he is always accompanied when in the building . sharad is to sit with him while he catalogues his work . it - type stuff : 1 . ask him to catalogue the contents of his h : drive , since the rest of the group will need to support his work in the future . this should take no more than a day or two . 2 . get it to obtain their backups of anjam ' s h : drive for weekly intervals over the last two months . this will allow us to determine what he has deleted . 3 . get it to provide a snapshot of anjam ' s notes folders , and provide records of mail sent out to the internet over the last couple of months . i ' m worried about code / data he may have zipped up and mailed out . 4 . ask it to use a utility program to determine what has been deleted from anjam ' s c : drives . there may be useful info here too . 5 . revoke all internet access , whether via explorer or notes mail . 6 . get a record of all files he has printed over the last couple of months . vince has ok ' d this lot , so let ' s do it asap . many thanks , steve 
2	Subject: cornhusker where are we on the gas agreement for the cleburne plant ? 
2	Subject: spock alert : canm is set to explode stock pick for month of july get canm . ob first thing monday , this is going to explode next 2 - 3 days otcbb : canm - caneum inc . current _ price : $ 1 . 25 ghet it n - ow ! speculative target _ price in next 3 - 5 days : $ 2 . 75 - 2 . 90 speculative target _ price in next 10 days : $ 3 . 15 before we start with the profile of canm we would like to mention something very important : there is a big pr campaign starting on monday . and it will go all week so it would be best to get in now expect huge news in very near future .           + > + > + > company profile + > + > + >               otcbb : canm - caneum inc . symbol : canm . ob current _ price : $ 1 . 25 ghet it n - ow ! speculative target _ price in next 3 - 5 days : $ 2 . 75 - 2 . 90 speculative target _ price in next 10 days : $ 3 . 15 how many times have you seen good stocks but you couldn ' t get your hands on them in the right moment ? we are alerting you to a special company with a unique product that is set to be profiled by many newsletters in the next 5 - 10 days - - this is your chance to get in !           + > + > + > company profile + > + > + >               about the company < - - - - - - - - - - - - - - headquartered in newport beach , california , caneum is a provider of business process and information technology outsourcing products and services across vertical industries including technology , energy , government , transportation , financial services , education and healthcare . it provides a suite of business planning and strategy capabilities to assist companies with their  make versus buy  decisions in the areas of data , network , product development , product maintenance and customer support . in parallel , caneum is opportunistically pursuing an accretive outsourcing consolidation strategy to complement its core business and accelerate its organic growth by identifying and acquiring mature , quality outsourcing companies with sound financials , intriguing products and services , a loyal customer base and talented management teams that have a passion for what they are doing and want to continue running and growing their organizations . symbol : canm . ob current _ price : $ 1 . 25 ghet it n - ow ! speculative target _ price in next 3 - 5 days : $ 2 . 75 - 2 . 90 speculative target _ price in next 10 days : $ 3 . 15 read this legal info below - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of 60 000 canm shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 21400 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " , " speculative target price " and " intend " or similar terms . 
2	Subject: cheap online medication here vestal teletype ketch presuming there medications from the comfort of our home ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here topic decorate aural heathenish carmen grosvenor molecule ankle  
2	Subject: 24 x 5 products please make sure this is clearly understood by the schedulers . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brenda f herod / hou / ect on 05 / 23 / 2000 09 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : jennifer deboisblanc denny 05 / 23 / 2000 05 : 11 pm to : steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , michael walters / hou / ect @ ect , bryan hull / hou / ect @ ect , jeff a crook / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : torrey moorer / hou / ect @ ect , tara sweitzer / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , imelda frayre / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect subject : 24 x 5 products eric bass , texas desk trader , requested the following product described below be traded on enrononline . this product will not bridge into sitara and will have to be put in manually . the reason it will not bridge is due to the fact that it can have multiple stripes of start & end dates rather than one start & end date . currently , enrononline can only send one start & end date per deal therefore it will fail in the bridge monitor and will have to be manually entered into sitara & subsequently cleared out of the monitor . since these transactions could flow next day , it is imperative that these transactions get into sitara as soon as possible . please read the full description below . ( this product looks like a month long deal but excludes weekends . the " wkd " is short for week days . ) we do not anticipate a large volume of these transactions but need to be prepared to react quickly when they do . for the future , we are looking into the cost / benefit of enrononline having the capability of sending multiple dates for these types of products . if you have any questions , please call me at 3 - 5824 thank you . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jennifer deboisblanc denny / hou / ect on 05 / 23 / 2000 02 : 05 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dale neuner 05 / 23 / 2000 10 : 26 am to : david forster / corp / enron @ enron , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer deboisblanc denny / hou / ect @ ect , jason althaus / corp / enron @ enron , jason althaus / corp / enron @ enron , melba lozano / hou / ect @ ect cc : eric bass / hou / ect @ ect subject : 24 x 5 products we are rolling out the use of the 24 x 5 nat gas product commencing tomorrow , may 24 th . the product is a month - long physical nat gas product traded off the texas desk . it will be identified as follows : us gas phy exxon katy wkd juno 0 usd / mm this product is different from the usual products traded on the texas desk in that the product description has an indicator of wkd , which designates that the product only moves gas on a day that is a monday , tuesday , wednesday , thursday or friday . these products will not bridge into sitara . risk personnel will need to be diligent to identify these products based on the information in the product description to ensure that the products are entered into sitara correctly ( presumably - strips of monday - friday trades and the corresponding month - starting days and / or month - ending days ) . we understand the potential impact of having to manually input these transactions and have asked the appropriate systems personnel to examine the links between eol and sitara and consider building bridge capability . in the interim , we anticipate that the trading volume on these products will be low , and will ask for higher prioritization of the bridging in the event that volumes increase . dale 3 - 9746 
2	Subject: canadian gas potential committee article note : this summary of the canadian gas potential committee report outlines the basic downside analysis of the reserves that exist in the alaskan frontier as well as the coalbed methane gas . there will much discussion on this topic over the next few months . anyone that wants a copy of the entire canadian gas potential committee report should contact me at 402 - 398 - 7573 or go to the following web site : www . . com when our internet capability returns . lorna energy insight news for thursday , september 20 , 2001 : expectations fall for canada ' s natural gas ' frontier ' canada ' s arctic north may not be north america ' s next big natural gas - producing basin after all . in what one geologist said was a " major , major " reduction in estimated natural gas potential , the canadian gas potential committee - a volunteer group of 50 geologists and other professionals who assess canada ' s undiscovered gas potential - last week reported that canada ' s frontier basins , which include the arctic and mackenzie delta regions , may hold no more than 60 to 65 trillion cubic feet ( tcf ) of gas that ultimately could make it to market . the new estimate falls short of previous estimates that 300 to 400 tcf of gas could be found in the beaufort basin , the arctic islands and mackenzie corridor . it was those estimates that helped encourage geologists , producers and a number of u . s . - based power plant developers to consider the north as almost a second western canadian sedimentary basin ( wcsb ) . gas from that historically prolific yet now declining basin makes up around 15 % of u . s . imports . " we thought the gas was greener , " said rob woronuk , a senior analyst with the canadian gas potential committee . still more potentially bad news came from the committee ' s report . in what woronuk said was an " embarrassment , " the committee has now decided that canadian coalbed methane may have less of a role to play than was previously thought . the committee reversed the findings of its 1997 report that estimated coalbed methane could account for up to 270 tcf of canada ' s overall 570 tcf natural gas resource . read the entire story at http : / / www . energyinsight . com 
2	Subject: re : without a perscription - viagra / phentermine / propecia / zyban yotgy royal meds your online pharmacy · click here your online pharmacy for fda approved drugs through a online consultation . no more embarrassing doctor visits , we offers confidential ordering online . take advantage of some of best prices available on the internet ! we offer the widest range of drugs available through online ordering . such as : less than $ 7 . 00 per dose viagra intended for men with erectile dysfunction ( ed ) , it helps most men to get and keep an erection when they get sexually excited . no need to go through embarrassing , stressful situation anymore , you can now get viagra from the comfort of your home . click here phentermine obesity weight loss drug . it enables people to burn more fat doing nothing , stimulating your nervous system . you will feel the difference ! it will give you more energy , you will become more active ! it ' s an appetite suppressant , you ' ll burn fat easier and eat less . it is a both safe and effective treatment to lose weight . click here zyban is the first nicotine - free pill that , as part of a comprehensive program from your health care professional , can help you stop smoking . its prescription medicine available only from your health care professional for smokers 18 and older . click here propecia is a medical breakthrough . the first pill that effectively treats male pattern hair loss on the vertex ( at top of head ) and anterior mid - scalp area . click here unsubscribe information : this email is intended to be a benefit to the recipient . if you would like to opt - out and not receive any more marketing information please click on the following link http : / / 194 . 44 . 46 . 21 / remove . php . your address will be removed within 24 hrs . we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: re [ 23 ] in 1986 to deal with you how ' s life ? here is myswimming pools fine , thanks . 
2	Subject: account mr . soo chocho hung bank . 14 1 - ka namdaemun - ro chung - kuseoul , seoul 100 - 757 south korea . www . chohungbank . co . kri am mr . soo cho , credit officer of cho hung bank . i have an urgent and very confidential business proposition for you . on july 8 , 2000 , a british oil consultant / contractor with the south korea solid minerals corporation , mr . phillip morris made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at ( twenty - eight million three hundred thousand american dollars only ) in my branch . upon maturity , i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply . after a month , we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers , that mr . phillip morris died from an auto - mobile accident . on further investigation , i found out that he died without making a will , and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made further investigation and discovered that mr . phillip morris did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of $ 28 , 300 , 000 . 00 is still sitting in my bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year . no one will ever come forward to claim it . according to laws of south korea , at the expiration of ( five ) years , the money will revert to the ownership of the south korea government if nobody applies to claim the fund . consequently , my proposal is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand in as the next of kin to mr . phillip morris so that the fruits of this old man ' s labor will not get into the hands of some corrupt government officials . this is simple , i will like you to provide immediately your full names and address so that the attorney will prepare the necessary documents and affidavits that will put you in place as the next of kin . we shall employ the services of an attorney for drafting and notarization of the will and to obtain the necessary documents and letter of probate / administration in your favor for the transfer . a bank account in any part of the world that you will provide the will , then facilitate the transfer of this money to you as the beneficiary / next of kin . the money will be paid into your account for us to share in the ratio of 70 % for me and 25 % for you and 5 % for expenses incurred in the course of the transaction . there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by the attorney and with my position as the credit officer guarantees the successful execution of this transaction . if you are interested , please reply immediately to my email box . upon your response , i shall then provide you with more details that will help you understand the transaction . please send me your confidential telephone and fax numbers for easy communication . you should observe utmost confidentiality , and rest assured that this transaction would be most profitable for both of us because i shall require your assistance to invest my share in your country . regards , soo cho n . b : endeavour to send your reply through my alternativee - mail address : cho @ financesource . com 
2	Subject: mortgage ref id last oppurtunity hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , abel shafferfuture pref here 
2	Subject: elite , personal , invitation . . . rgtmk v jnobx business ~ minded ~ professionals * * * * * * * * exclusive free report * * * * * * * * lk - 2 k a day just returning phone calls . . . we have thousands of people doing this right now ! 1 - 800 - 299 - 0234 ( 3 minute audio recording ) go here for our web page info discover all the extra dollars you need ! 2 to 3 k per wk + more ~ passively ~ professionally not multi - level - not stocks - not real estate no cost tele - seminar never worry about cash flow again ! go here for our web page info * * * * * * * * * * do not want emails like this ? go here this is a commerclal email ad j xrbrq gqnzlakdnscdz 
2	Subject: re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince ) kaminski : eva : remedy 412144 raul , raul , vince kaminiski is requesting acces to the technical view for catalog along with the ibuyit approval role . this is pending your approval . please send your response to sap security . thanks ! shirley crenshaw @ ect 04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 01 pm to : sapsecurity @ enron . com cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : ibuyit form attached please find the completed form for vince kaminski , managing director , research group . he will be approving all purchases for cost center 107043 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : debbie skinner / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 52 pm to : shirley crenshaw / houston / eott @ eott , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : ibuyit form hi shirley there were two shirleys , so sending to both isc help desk 
2	Subject: perfect logo & identity is a key to your success thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visual identity . logodentity offers creative custom design of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketing tools will bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers http : / / erihkfysd . logomedias . com / 
2	Subject: need your medication ? we have them ideolect hilarious philosophy are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! we have all tablets you could possibly need ! you won ' t believe our prices ! stop receiving promotional material now inequity preoccupy cadent larynx send diversion  
2	Subject: from kuwait note : please reply only to this email address hassanmohammeds 20 @ indiatimes . com dear friend , as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i believe everyone will die someday . my name is mr hassan al mohammed a crude oil merchant in kuwait , i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer . it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and right now i have only about a few months to live , according to medical experts . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my business . though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i have willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so , i have decided to give alms to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to some charity organizations in austra , cameroun , liberia , algeria and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself anymore . i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which i have there to charity organization in bulgaria and pakistan , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them . the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of fifteen million dollars $ 19 , 000 , 000 , 00 that i have with a finance / security company abroad . i will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations . i have set aside 10 % for you and for your time . god be with you . mr hassan al mohammed hassanmohammeds 20 @ indiatimes . com  
2	Subject: be your own private eye online internet investigator - new for 2002 - internet software for online investigations find out anything about anyone online uncover information about : enemies , debtors , neighbors , friends , employees , co - workers , your boss , yourself , associates , former school or military buddies , even a new love interest . become an internet investigator and explore an exciting new world of valuable information . with internet investigator you can investigate : people , credit records , social security numbers , employment records , school records , criminal records , driving records , addresses , phone numbers ( even some unlisted ) , hidden assets , family trees and a whole lot more ! click here for more information unsubscribe instructions this message is a commercial advertisement . it is in full compliance with all federal and state laws regarding email advertising , including the california business and professions code . we have provided opt out email contact so you can request to be taken off our mailing list . in addition we have placed adv : in the subject line to provide you with notification in advance that this is a commercial advertisement . we do not wish to send our advertising to anyone who does not wish to receive it . if you would rather not receive any further information from us , please click to be taken off our list . in this way you can opt - out from the list your email address was obtained from , whether it was opt - in or otherwise . please allow 5 - 10 business days for your email address to beprocessed and taken offall lists in our control . meanwhile , delete any duplicate emails that you may receive and rest assured that your request will be honored . if you have previously requested to be taken off this list and are still receiving this advertisement , you may call us at 1 - ( 888 ) 817 - 9902 , or write to : abuse control center , 7657 winnetka ave . , suite 245 , canoga park , ca 91306  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? our company trust , t ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? his is what you wan ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? t . ?  our lozenge is a full elemental herbaceous lozenge containing a assortment of grasses known for encouraging intimate longing with discharge . by using my tablets you should see a gain in sexual craving , an amelioration in your size and discharge , too as increased power and joy during intimate action . click me  
2	Subject: ut info session the attached event form is the agenda for the ut trip . if you need to make any changes for the hotel check - in / out date please let me know as soon as possible . thank you for your assistance and dedication to the program . jackie coleman recruiting coordinator 
2	Subject: colorado fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 08 / 17 / 2000 11 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : samer takriti @ enron communications on 08 / 17 / 2000 10 : 57 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : colorado stinson , i prefer to skip the trip . as i said , it would feel a little uncomofortable and strange . thanks though . - samer 
2	Subject: rto orders - grid south , se trans , spp and entergy the southeast rto orders are out and have followed through with what we expected from the discussion at the ferc meeting . the spp and entergy rto proposals have been rejected because they fail to satisfy the scope and configuration requirements of order no . 2000 . the commission notes that the required discussions between spp and entergy and its neighboring rto / tos has led to no increase in the original scope and configuration . the filings by spp and entergy were brief , indicating only a lack of interest by other rtos or utilities in joining to enlarge scope ; they failed to specify any details of the talks , what changes could be made or what could be fixed to accomodate combination with other rtos . the order states that the commission favors the development of large , regional transmission organizations reflecting natural markets . the commission indicates that they favor four rtos - ne , se , mw and west . therefore the order requires the participants in spp and entergy to participate in settlement discussions as set out in the mediation order . note that these meetings will start next tuesday , july 17 before a ferc alj . the southern company rto is also found by the ferc to fail the scope characteristics of order no . 2000 . the order finds that southern ' s approach to focus on mous and seams issues with its neighbors is inadequate . the order states , " we reiterate : the commission ' s goal is to have a single rto in the southeast , and to have that single rto operational as soon as possible . " the commission recognizes that start - up costs in forming a larger rto may be more , but that over the longer term , large rtos will foster market development , will provide increased reliability and will result in lower wholesale electricity prices . the order therefore directs the parties to the mediation as stated above . the grid south participants are also directed to the mediation which is starting on next tuesday . it is a lengthier order with more details on other aspects of rtos , including independent board requirement , congestion managment , interconnection procedures , planning process and cbm . therefore , i am attaching a summary of the order . one of the important findings of the order is that gridsouth is not sufficiently independent ; the applicant tos are making policy decisions that should be made by an independent board . therefore , the order requires gridsouth to install an independent board and file a compliance filing within 90 days . if anyone wants copies of the orders , let me know . 
2	Subject: want to buy the liberty statue ? check graand ! hello tu . wohld , i just found a site called www . graand . com - a free and safe place on the internet to place classified ads . i thought i should invite you to check it out . regards , aliceczesc , wlasnie znalazlam stronke w internecie graand . com - miejsce w internecie , gdzie mozesz dawac darmowe ogloszenia . pomyslalam , ze cie to zainteresuje . pozdrawiam , alicja 2005 - 07 - 18 03 : 43 : 12 g 6 aawqw 2 xsg 69 ca 6 vex 
2	Subject: february production estimate - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2000 01 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor 01 / 21 / 2000 04 : 11 pm to : tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect cc : susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : february production estimate tom , see the attached file listing by trade zone by meter producer services ' wellhead production estimate for the month of february , 2000 . please be advised that this is a preliminary estimate ! ! ! as i am currently in the process of collecting noms from a couple of producers . i will alert you of any revisions as they arise . additionally , i have highlighted those deals that we expect to come on in february , at such time will we request tickets to be entered into sitara . should you have any questions , please give me a call . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: order ( # paliourg ) good day , paliourg cialis soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! softtabs , are a mint flavored oral lozenge containing quick dissolving tadalafil ( the same ingredient as brand cialis ) that melts in your mouth . simply disolve half a tablet under your tongue 15 minutes before sex . all orders will be processed and dispatched within 24 hrs . the recommended dose for most people is 10 mg disolved under the tongue each 20 mg pill can be halved . 4 pills 20 mg $ 4 . 99 per 10 mg $ 39 . 95 in total 8 pills 20 mg $ 4 . 37 per 10 mg $ 69 . 95 in total 30 pills 20 mg $ 2 . 49 per 10 mg $ 149 . 95 in total 60 pills 20 mg $ 2 . 39 per 10 mg $ 289 . 95 in total 100 pills 20 mg $ 1 . 98 per 10 mg $ 399 . 95 in total proceed  
2	Subject: re : vmi agreements hi vince , mark holsworth reviewed our contract on such a short notice . i thank mark for responding to our short - notice request . it turns out that we need to get this database to move forward on a number of things and have legal save some time for us is an excellent help . as mentioned below , it appears that pennwell ' s folks want to chat some more about this . mark , can you schedule a conference call with these people to finalise this contract . i will be out of town all week next week on a lock - down deal meeting . vince may be able to get on the conference call . i would greatly appreciate it if you could help us close this one ! regards , ravi . - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 20 / 00 12 : 38 am - - - - - russell @ pennwell . com 02 / 18 / 00 06 : 16 pm to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications cc : toni . turnerbudd @ sbtglaw . com subject : re : vmi agreements ravi - i would like to schedule a conference call between you , me , pennwell ' s counsel ( toni turner budd ) , and enron ' s counsel to discuss your changes and finalize the kmi end - user license agreement . i propose that we have the conference call at 2 : 00 pm cst this monday , february 21 . please let me know if you are available at this time and , if not , propose an alternative time for the call . in addition , please provide me with a telephone number where i can reach you for the conference call . pennwell is looking forward to finalizing the license agreement and delivering the kmi data to enron . yours truly , russell iorio manager of business development pennwell corporation 1421 south sheridan road tulsa , ok 74112 russell @ pennwell . com ( 918 ) 831 - 9122 direct ( 918 ) 831 - 9476 fax - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ravi _ thuraisingham @ enron . net [ mailto : ravi _ thuraisingham @ enron . net ] sent : thursday , february 17 , 2000 6 : 30 pm to : rmack @ kmicorp . com ; mpass @ kmicorp . com ; russell @ pennwell . com cc : kristina _ lund @ enron . net ; stinson _ gibner @ ect . enron . net ; vince _ kaminski @ enron . net ; earl _ harvey @ enron . net ; tracy _ williams @ enron . net subject : vmi agreements > hi richard , here is a marked up version from our lawyer . please have your people look at it and if it seems fine make the changes and send a signed copy back to me . ravi . - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 02 / 17 / 00 06 : 21 pm - - - - - | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | mark | | | holsworth @ enr | | | on | | | | | | 02 / 17 / 00 | | | 04 : 10 pm | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > - | | | | to : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications , | | gene diers / corp / enron @ enron | | cc : | | subject : vmi agreements | - | please find attached my redlining of the vmi agreelment . please review it and send it to the vendor for their review . ( see attached file : 2 - 14 - 2000 eula . doc ) 
2	Subject: new resume dear vince , i am so grateful for your efforts . i really appreciate you taking time from your busy schedule . if you have not contacted michael maddox , it ' s even better . i have updated and re - worded my resume to better reflect my accomplishments . would you please contact michael maddox of cera and forward my resume to him ? his contact information is ( 617 ) 497 6446 or email : mmaddox @ cera . com have you had a chance to talk to david port ? maybe there are other options . i am flexible and willing to do whatever it takes . sincerely , bessik matchavariani manager enron broadband services tel : 713 . 345 . 7230 fax : 713 . 646 . 8861 bessik _ matchavariani @ enron . net 
2	Subject: eastrans nomination effective 1 / 25 / 01 clarification to below : effective 1 / 25 / 01 ! ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marta k henderson / houston / pefs / pec on 01 / 24 / 2001 08 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marta k henderson 01 / 24 / 2001 08 : 32 am to : darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia a . urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , briley @ enron . com , dfarmer @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , connie wester / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , ronald c . douglas / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , daniel c rider / houston / pefs / pec @ pec , john c lehman / field / pefs / pec @ pec , donna j dobb / houston / pefs / pec @ pec , sharon beemer / houston / pefs / pec @ pec cc : subject : eastrans nomination effective 1 / 25 / 01 please increase deliveries into eastrans to 25 , 000 mmbtu / dy effective 9 / 25 / 01 and continue until further notified . the redeliveries will be : 7300 mmbtu from fuels cotton valley 17 , 700 mmbtu to pg & e 
2	Subject: letter : $ 586612 hello , we have received and processed your mortg [ a ] ge application . you qualify for a $ 709887 loan and a 3 % fixed rate . please fill out the final details to get started : we look forward to hearing from you . regards , the wiston network not interested  
2	Subject: paliourg , you have new postcard ! kox a digital postcards ( r ) greeting from honey waiting for you at postcards . com ! if you have a modern e - mail program , you can go directly to your card by clicking : * please * make sure your mail program has not cut the cardid # into 2 lines ! ! if it has , you need to use the old - fashioned method below . you can pick - up your postcard the old - fashioned way , by going to the following url : and entering your postcard id number : cczxkqoivywkmdgtilbk if postcard is not picked up within two weeks , it may be removed . thank you ! this is a free service of digital postcards ( r ) at postcards . com : http : / / www . postcards . com /  
2	Subject: re : opportunities at enron vince kaminski , i am one of the stanford students that you interviewed last october . i really apologize for contacting you that late , but for some reason when i wrote the email that i transcribe below i did not send it , and just realized about that until now . also , i want to thank you again for opening the possibility of a summer internship at enron . regards , jorge picazo > vince kaminski , > > i am one of the students that you interviewed at stanford university > last october . > > during our meeting i asked for the possibility of an internship position > at enron during this summer , and you asked me to send you an email > by february . > > however and after a long talk with my advisor , i have decided to focus > on my academic research during the summer , and i am writing to let you > know about my decision . > > in any case , i really want to thank you for opening the possibility of a > summer internship at enron . if my academic duties had not keep me at > stanford , i am sure that it would have been a great experience . > > thanks anyway , > > jorge picazo > > > > > > hello , > > > > my name is vince kaminski and i am in charge of quantitative research at enron > > corp . i shall visit the stanford campus on october 21 and 22 ( thursday and > > friday ) > > and hope to talk to a number of faculty members about recruiting stanford > > graduates for enron . > > > > i shall be accompanied by two other enron employees : greg whalley , a stanford > > graduate , head of risk management at enron and my boss , and celeste roberts , > > head of our associate / analyst program . > > > > if you are interested in meeting with me and two other members of the enron > > team to talk about opportunities at enron , send me a message to two e - mail > > addresses : vkaminski @ aol . com ( home ) and vkamins @ enron . com ( office ) . i shall > > send you in the beginning of the next week information about the time and > > place of the meeting . > > > > you can also reach me at ( 713 ) 853 3848 . > > > > vince kaminski > >  jorge a . picazo hidalgo ph . d . candidate adress : 1600 villa st apt 391 department of statistics 94041 , mountain view ca stanford university sequoia hall rm 237 phone : ( 650 ) 965 - 4119 m . s . email : jpicazo @ leland . stanford . edu department of engineering - economic jpicazo @ stat . stanford . edu systems and operations research stanford university  
2	Subject: if you need to reach me over the weekend . . . . i will have cara ' s cell phone over the weekend if you need to reach me regarding a schedule . that number is ( 503 ) 701 - 2894 . if you need to reach cara please call her at home . i should have my original cell number back by monday . thanks stacy runswick enron north america ( 877 ) 464 - 7779 ph ( 503 ) 464 - 3740 fx stacy . runswick @ enron . com 
2	Subject: free hgh - look 10 years younger in 3 weeks ! ! ! hmuprzd free 30 day supply of hgh 1000 : look younger and lose weight in 3 weeks ! ! ! ! as seen on nbc , cbs , cnn , and oprah ! the health discovery that actually reverses aging while burning fat , without dieting or exercise ! this proven discovery has been reported on by the new england journal of medicine . forget aging and dieting forever ! and it ' s guaranteed ! would you like to lose weight while you sleep ? no dieting ! no hunger pains ! no cravings ! no strenuous exercise ! change your life forever ! 100 % guaranteed aol users click here to be removed , reply to this email with remove in the subject line . 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for july 19 , 2000 teco tap 20 . 000 / enron ; 100 . 000 / iferc ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: unbeatable interest rates hi i have tried contacting you before in regards to the promised low interest mortga ( ge rate . the good news is that you did qualify for the loan , for a rate of 4 . 2 % ! you could receive over u 380 , 000 for as little as i 500 per month . ba ( d credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! to get a fr ! ee , no obli , gation consultation click below : http : / / goodwayz . com / x / loan . php ? id  somb have a great day ! ellen horvan btqyi kafycy 
2	Subject: hello each of you is going to be able to trade on the training tool that we developed . please call jeff gossett who will coordinate the trading . here are the rules : 1 . eol trades only . 2 . financial trades only . 3 maximum 20 trades per day . 4 . 100 k in var limit . 5 . 100 k penalty for first day var violation . 1 million for the second consecutive var violation . 6 . gas or power trades allowed . 7 . your book will be run every day . 8 . this game / training cannot affect your dayjob . don ' t let it ! jeff - start next monday . - add this report to my reports and get it on the internet reports . thanks john 
2	Subject: something i have been thinking about hi my name is julie . i am from texas . one day i was very bored so i have decided to open up my own privet cam show on the inter web . the best part about my site , its free and i am usually on 24 / 5 . i am sure you will have a fun time . i am very active and i love to play : d . its live and its free , why won ' t you see for your self . luv julie , http : / / indigene . incrediblemile . info / ju 2 / 
2	Subject: ets salutes jim prentice , president of enron clean fuels , was recently honored by child advocates , inc . with the hero sword award . the hero sword is the highest honor bestowed upon donors , supporters or volunteer leaders of child advocates , inc . this award was presented to jim in recognition of his outstanding leadership as chairman of the bp houston children ' s festival for the past three years , raising more than $ 1 million to support the efforts of child advocates inc . jim has been involved with child advocates since 1996 . " jim truly is deserving of this award , as it is symbolic of his efforts in slaying the dragons of child abuse , making him a hero to the many children whose lives he changed for the better , " said tony terwilliger , manager of special events for child advocates , inc . congratulations jim . 
2	Subject: this hurricane elana  
2	Subject: re : sitara release ( re : changes in global due to consent to assignment ) changing counterparty names on sitara deal tickets has absolutely no impact to any downstream processes . i hope the following will give more clarification . let me know if you have any questions or need more detail ! thanks , dg 3 - 9517 sitara / unify - process * scenario - counterparty name changes on sitara deal ticket after deal had been pathed , scheduled & bridged back from unify . * impact - zero impact to logistics & volume management , absolutely harmless . settlements has process in place to eliminate issues . * process - counterparty a in sitara changes to counterparty b . ctprty a was on original path sent to pipeline . the new name ( ctprty b ) does bridge over to unify . ctprty a remains at the path level in unify ( gui display does not change ) ctprty b is now displayed at the deal level in unify . the field is now highlighted to indicate a change occurred . ( gui display changes only at high level , not on path ) the scheduler has choice to repath ( if necessary ) , or not re - path if re - pathing occurs , the new counterparty name will be displaced on new path unify pushes back the deal number & meter to sitara ( not ctprty info ) balancing works on deal number & meter only ( not ctprty info ) the confirmation desk utilizes the information in sitara ( where all information is correct ) volume management utilizes the information in unify for pipeline tie - out . ( all information sent to pipeline is correct at the path level and will match up perfectly ) settlements utilizes information in unify . settlements recognizes that changed ctprty names changes contracts , which would create two notification entries if invoice did happen to go out to wrong ctprty , re - draft would occur . ( note : there was an issues discovered on reports which it is correcting now ) autonoms " tom ' s words of warning " - previously there was an issue when counterparty name changes took place after deals were pathed and nominated . basically it would change a key on an edi path ( duns number ) not affecting any other of the information already nominated to the pipeline . if the scheduler re - nominated , data at the pipeline would get doubled up and the scheduler would have no way to correct the problem . in most cases , the schedulers would have to get the pipeline to manually cut the original nominated volume . this is not an issue with unify ( as explained above ) . ( dave - feel free to chime in if i left anything out . ) from : donna greif 04 / 05 / 2000 01 : 18 pm to : kathryn bussell / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , mark mcclure / hou / ect @ ect , gary l payne / hou / ect , richard pinion / hou / ect @ ect , robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , george smith / hou / ect @ ect , katherine l kelly / hou / ect @ ect , randall l gay / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect cc : dave nommensen / hou / ect @ ect , diane e niestrath / hou / ect @ ect , carrie hollomon / hou / ect @ ect , bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , dana daigle / corp / enron @ enron , elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , b scott palmer / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie sever / hou / ect @ ect , dianne j swiber / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , dianne seib / cal / ect @ ect , sylvia a campos / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , faye ellis / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , russ severson / hou / ect @ ect , martha stevens / hou / ect @ ect , karie hastings / hou / ect @ ect , regina perkins / hou / ect @ ect , imelda frayre / hou / ect @ ect , william e kasemervisz / hou / ect @ ect , hunaid engineer / hou / ect @ ect , steven gullion / hou / ect @ ect , larrissa sharma / hou / ect @ ect , thomas engel / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : sitara release ( re : changes in global due to consent to assignment ) fyi . . . . this change went in for the deal validation group . it gives them the ability to change counterparties names after bridge back . impact to logistics - unify if a counterparty name change takes place to deals that have been bridge backed , it could cause problems on edi pipes as that new counterparty name will flow over to unify and repathing should eventually take place . one problem may be with the imbalance data sets , which are not in production yet . . . . . . ( edi imbalance qtys would not match up to paths ) this may also cause an issue with the scheduled quantities ( especially where nominations were sent for entire month ) can ' t remember the rules on this one , but i think unify does have some safe guards ( idiot proofs ) to force re - pathing . unify does have the ability to over - ride duns numbers , yet would still cause an additional step for edi the scheduler would need to think through in order to get a clean quick response . what are ( if any ) impacts to vol mgt if counterparty name changes take place ? ( prior periods ? re - pathing ? ) i have a call into diane and dave both . after speaking w / them , hopefully i can get a clear understanding of the true impact . i am sure we ' ll need to put some processes and procedures together for deal validation to follow when these type of changes are needed . will keep you posted . thanks , dg from : thomas engel 04 / 05 / 2000 09 : 44 am to : kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , dana daigle / corp / enron @ enron , elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , b scott palmer / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie sever / hou / ect @ ect , dianne j swiber / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , dianne seib / cal / ect @ ect cc : sylvia a campos / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , faye ellis / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , russ severson / hou / ect @ ect , martha stevens / hou / ect @ ect , karie hastings / hou / ect @ ect , regina perkins / hou / ect @ ect , imelda frayre / hou / ect @ ect , william e kasemervisz / hou / ect @ ect , hunaid engineer / hou / ect @ ect , steven gullion / hou / ect @ ect , larrissa sharma / hou / ect @ ect , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect subject : sitara release ( re : changes in global due to consent to assignment ) regarding the ability to change counterparties on deals in sitara with confirmed volumes - tom ' s words of caution : if someone calls you and wants to change a counterparty - we created the ability for you to invalidate the deal - and then change the counterparty - however - i did add a warning message : " warning - changing counterparty on deal with confirmed volumes - make sure pipeline allows this change . " some pipelines do not allow us to change counterparties after there is feedback - i assume for the same reasons we had this rule - it used to blow up our old scheduling systems ( pre - unify ) . some pipelines will require a new deal and we will have to zero out the old deal . before you make the change - make sure the logistics person is aware - just in case it causes problems with their pipeline . sorry - i don ' t know which pipes these are - you will have to ask the unify team . there is one rule still in place - you can change from ena - im east to ena - im market east - but not from ena - im texas to hplc - im hplc - when changing business units - they must be the same legal entity . " warning - not the same legal entity " also - beware of making contract and counterparty changes to service deals ( transport capacity , storage , cash out ) . once the deal is invalidated - there are no rules . don ' t forget - the items were locked down for a reason . if you invalidate a service deal - and change the previously locked down data that was validated - and someone used these deals in unify - it is highly likely that the unify deals and paths created using these deals will get corrupted . always check with someone from unify to make sure no one used these deals for anything in unify . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thomas engel / hou / ect on 04 / 05 / 2000 09 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : scott mills on 04 / 04 / 2000 07 : 38 pm to : kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , dana daigle / corp / enron @ enron , elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , b scott palmer / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie sever / hou / ect @ ect , dianne j swiber / hou / ect @ ect cc : steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect , thomas engel / hou / ect @ ect , sylvia a campos / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , faye ellis / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect subject : sitara release ( re : changes in global due to consent to assignment ) with the release that was put out tuesday evening , deal validation should be able to change the counterparty on deals where the volume is something other than expected ( e . g . confirmed , nominated , scheduled , etc . ) . in addition , this release will also capture " near - time " the contract changes that are made in global . this means that need for server bounces will not be necessary . new / changes to contracts will show up without having to get out of deal manager . new counterparties , and new / changes to facilities will require getting out of all active sitara apps ( except for launch pad ) . once out of all apps , start a new app - the respective information that you are looking for will appear . i mention " near - time " because we are constrained by the amount of time it takes for the change in global data to trigger an alert for sitara who then updates its information srm ( x 33548 ) cyndie balfour - flanagan @ enron 04 / 04 / 2000 03 : 41 pm to : connie sutton / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , richard elwood / hou / ect @ ect , dave nommensen / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth m harmon / hou / ect @ ect , dana daigle / corp / enron @ enron , kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , b scott palmer / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie sever / hou / ect @ ect , dianne j swiber / hou / ect @ ect , gayle horn / corp / enron @ enron , brant reves / hou / ect @ ect , russell diamond / hou / ect @ ect , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : changes in global due to consent to assignment the following changes will be made in the global contracts database due to receipt of executed consent to assignment for the following contracts : current counterparty name contract type contract # ' new ' counterparty name ces - commonwealth energy services gisb 96029892 commonwealth energy services ces - samuel gary jr . & associates , inc gisb 96029302 samuel gary jr . & associates ces - south jersey gas company gisb 96029143 south jersey gas company cp name change and contract type correction ( contract type different than that provided by ces ) per ces ces - southwest gas corporation 1 / 1 / 98 gisb 96029146 per contract file ces - southwest gas corporation 04 / 14 / 93 master purchase / sale interruptible ( will edit global # 96029146 ) & ces - southwest gas corporation 12 / 01 / 94 master sale firm ( created new global record to accommodate this k , # 96037402 ) please note that southwest gas corporation has consented to the assignment of both of these contracts . 
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 22 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 323 . xls ) - hplno 323 . xls 
2	Subject: summer internship hello charlene , i am forwarding you a resume of a student from berkeley . we would like very much to have him as a summer intern with my group . please , let me know if your program can accommodate him . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 15 / 2000 07 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ezequiel luis on 11 / 13 / 2000 04 : 23 : 23 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : summer internship dear mr . kaminski i am currently pursuing the m . s . in ieor at uc berkeley . i attended the speech you gave some weeks ago . i am interested in summer internship positions available in enron . you will find enclosed my resume . sincerely , ezequiel luis este mensaje fue enviado desde http : / / commcenter . infosel . com internet gratis http : / / www . terra . com . mx / terralibre - resume elm . doc 
2	Subject: london visit hi maureen how many days are you coming over for ? in addition to the couple of days you ' ll be spending at brook hunt , i can see one further day with our metals people , and one extra day with rodrigo ( from rac ) looking at our inflation model . do you have 4 + days ? all the best steve 
2	Subject: tech services louise , i had a brief chat with mark regarding his plans for enron wholesale tech services . as i understand him , he sees the ena tech services group reporting into brian stanley on a dotted line basis in order to keep these groups coordinated . you may want to first discuss / sell this reporting relationship with the origination units who will fear another ee & cc . further , we will have to sell this organizational structure to the members of the ena tech services group . i ' m concerned that we may loose some of our top engineers who will resist being organizationally tied to eas . two possible alternative arrangements : 1 . the ena tech services group remains as ena ' s development engineering organization . it should be regionalized and report ( on a solid line ) to the origination groups . this will keep the ena tech services group lean and mean and somewhat independent from the wholesale tech services group : a ) bob virgo / mike coleman would report into presto / durhan , b ) wayne mayes and his team would report into calger . c ) mike coleman would report into max and would help support esa , d ) nick cocavessis would support the gas and liquids businesses e ) ron blackham would support enron south america brian stanley ' s group would be seen as a technical resource base to draw from , and as a " friendly " check on the technical assumptions that are used in the pro formas . brian stanley ' s group would provide a review of enron america ' s dash ' s so as to keep the ena tech services group from becoming too aggressive in its assumptions ( whereas brian ' s group will tend to be over - conservative in its role as risk manager ) . 2 . another alternative is to create a broader role for the commercial investment / asset management group that you , dick and i spoke about . this unit would combine the skill sets of the restructuring group and the tech services group . it would have the technical responsibility for ena transactions throughout their life cycle and would have commercial responsibility for investments and assets that no longer have strategic or ongoing financial value to the origination groups . specifically : a ) investments and assets that were not projected to earn their cost of capital b ) investments and assets that had little or no strategic value c ) troubled assets / positions / investment that required significant time / attention beyond what the origination groups were willing to spend as with suggestion ( 1 . ) above , this group would use brian stanley ' s organization as a resource base to draw from on an as needed basis , however , there would not be a formal reporting relationship . lets discuss , brian 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual flow for 03 / 05 we agree " eileen ponton " on 03 / 06 / 2001 01 : 18 : 53 pm to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 03 / 05 date nom flow - mcf flow - mmbtu 3 / 05 12 , 500 10 , 357 10 , 637 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; start date : 1 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010201 . txt ! ! ! general sql error . couldn ' t update ; currently locked by user ' admin ' on machine ' ecthou - bps 4 ' . table ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstca mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 2 / 02 tie _ point : malin _ 5 _ rndmtn interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 3001 engy _ type : firm * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 2 / 02 tie _ point : fcornr _ 5 _ psuedo interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 7000 engy _ type : firm * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 2 / 02 tie _ point : mead _ 2 _ walc interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 8000 engy _ type : firm - - - - load schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final load _ id : pgel mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 2 / 02 sc _ id : enrj * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 2 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 2 / 02 sc _ id : enrj * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 3 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 2 / 02 sc _ id : enrj * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final load _ id : scel mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 2 / 02 sc _ id : enrj * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final load _ id : sdgl mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 2 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: don ' t let aging get in the way of an erection ! rock hard in 20 minutes more info here . . . decompress hz squatting gka gaines wqv antipode kiy incarnate osh misogyny vc affluence zpf argumentative qku goldberg qra sanitarium oe omitting tcj bartend pw reflect enm sagebrush yhz wide sx rob ci sixteenth hx clyde gq harshen xx carib fwk tutu qz hertz fwo no  
2	Subject: help my dear , i have a profiling amount in an excess of us $ 423 m , which i seek your partnership in accommodating for me . you will be rewarded with 40 % of the total sum for your partnership . can you be my partner on this ? introduction of my self : i am ms . kimaeva lioudmila , a personal secretary to mikhail khodorkovskythe richest man in russia and owner of the following companies : chairman ceo : yukos oil ( russian most largest oil company ) chairman ceo : menatep sbp bank ( a well reputable financial institution with its branchesall over the world ) source of funds : the documents of the above funds in question was handed over to me tobe used in payment of an american oil merchant for his last oil dealwith my boss mikhail khodorkovsky . already the funds have been depositedwith tresury services europe , where the final crediting is expected to be carried out . while i was on the process , my boss got arrested forhis involvement on politics in financing the leading and opposing political parties ( the union of right forces , led by boris nemtsov , and yabloko , a liberal / social democratic party led by gregor yavlinsky ) which poses treat topresident vladimir putin second tenure as russian president . you can catch more of the story on this your role : all i need from you is to stand as the beneficiary of the above quoted sum and i will arrange for the documentation which will enable tresury services europe transfer the sum to you . i have decided to use this sum to relocate to american continent and never to be connected to any of mikhail khodorkovsky conglomerates . the transaction has to be concluded in 2 weeks before mikhail khodorkovsky is out on bail . as soon as i get your willingness to comply through my most private email address ( mila 2007 @ tsamail . co . za ) i will give you more details . thank you very much regards kimaeva lioudmila 
2	Subject: unique - logos ! ( 328826018 ) our art team creates a custom logo for you , based on your needs . years of experience have taught us how to create a logo that makes a statement that is unique to you . in a professional manner we learn about your image and how you would like the world to perceive you and your company . with this info rmation we then create a logo that is not only unique but reflects the purpose of you and your company . for value and a logo that reflects your image , take a few minutes and visit trylogos ! http : / / www . trylogos - inc . com / sin cerely logo design team  
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for march 28 , 2001 estimated actual for march 28 , 2001 teco tap 20 . 000 when we receive the numbers from duke i will forward the true actual numbers to you . 
2	Subject: signups with your business would you like to get twenty ( 20 ) paid _ sign _ ups this week ? simple process that can be repeated every week for 52 weeks a year . any business . how would you like 20 sign _ ups a week ? doesn ' t cost any more than 80 usd $ and 2 hours of your time to get paid _ sign _ ups . how much will you earn from 20 sign _ ups each week ? more than 80 usd $ or 40 gbp £ ? we sell test packages at 80 usd $ but you can buy much bigger packages once you ' ve tested us and see the great results . for more details please send an email to : lwood 2005 @ tiscali . co . uk please put " test 20 @ 80 usd " . sorry if you got this email either in error or want to be taken off our list please send an email to : lwood 2005 @ tiscali . co . uk with " notest 20 @ 80 usd " and your details will be removed very quickly indeed . many thanks larry - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: organization changes today , we are forming enron global services ( egs ) in order to more closely align our asset - based businesses . this reorganization will allow egs to focus our resources on opportunities that present the highest value to enron . it will also accomplish the following : 1 ) enhanced synergies among our assets and personnel , 2 ) more effective prioritization of business opportunities , and 3 ) better management of enron ' s asset - based businesses throughout the world . enron global services ' energy asset portfolio includes the north american pipeline businesses of enron transportation services ( ets ) , including northern border ; the international pipeline , power and distribution operations of enron global assets portland general electric ; eott energy corp ; enron wind ; azurix and wessex water . reporting to me as the heads of their respective business units are : ? jim hughes , president & coo - egs / international ? danny mccarty , managing director & cco - ets ? bill cordes , president - northern border partners ? peggy fowler , president & ceo - portland general electric ? john garrison , president & ceo - azurix ? dana gibbs , president & coo - eott energy corp ? colin skellett , ceo - wessex water ? adam umanoff , president & ceo - enron wind with the creation of egs , we hope to enhance the efficient utilization of our commercial support services . to accomplish this , egs ' staff and operational functions will be headed by : ? rod hayslett , managing director & cfo ? rob walls , managing director & general counsel ? phil lowry , managing director , pipeline operations and engineering & construction ? brian stanley , president & ceo - eeos ? steve hotte , vice president & cio ? john ambler , vice president , communications & pr ? gary smith , vice president , human resources in addition , rob walls will continue to perform his role as deputy general counsel for enron reporting to jim derrick . phil lowry will be responsible for domestic pipeline operations , technical services and engineering & construction , as well as , international pipeline technical services and engineering & construction . brian stanley will be responsible for technical services and engineering & construction for international power and distribution facilities . below is an organization chart for enron global services , which displays the changes described here . we are confident this new organization will focus our talent and capital appropriately . please join me in supporting this management team as it strives to maximize enron ' s return on its assets .  
2	Subject: a few reminders . . . . bill - does this sound reasonable ? do you have anything to add ? please make a note of the following . i know we have several new traders , and details often get overlooked in the midst of the learning process . but this is not only information for the new guys a reminder for the old that attention to detail is an important part of the job . thanks . 1 . purchases made under one book must be sold under the same book . pay attention when extending deals . if you don ' t purchase the energy in a particular book , you don ' t have energy to sell from that book . 2 . specify epec as the group when entering deals for el paso . 3 . el paso model must tie out with carp when trading day is done . check spreadsheet formulas . 4 . el paso totals should be logged in the reconciliation model ( m : / / electric / epe / epeol / augol / epe reconciliation model ) and all variances explained . 5 . bloomberg deals need to be assigned a $ 15 flat broker fee per trade . if you begin a deal with bloomberg trades , enter a per - megawatt fee , and extend the deal later with bilateral trades , you ' re effectively charging yourself extra brokerage because that fee will be assigned to every mw in your deal . can someone come up with a compelling reason why we wouldn ' t simply multiply $ 15 times the number of bloomberg trades done ? please let me know . 6 . most importantly , if you are unsure , call someone who is . thanks again for your attention to these matters . kate 
2	Subject: leonard how can we make this happen ? just like the originalbut less than half the pricepowerful effects monster rewards geeneriiiiiic viiiiiagraa direct from the manufacturer you trust ! buy right now ! worldwide shipping chaaange .  
2	Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs . hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / almedz . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / almedz . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: re : a friend of mine vince , thank you very much for the follow up report . i am sure richard will be very enthusiastic about the opportunity to speak with you and your team . i appreciate your help , and please feel free to contact me if you or shirley need assistance with logistics . again , thank you and i look forward to working with you again this recruiting season . regards , kristin - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 8 : 27 am to : gandy , kristin subject : re : a friend of mine kristin , thanks a lot for the resume . we shall arrange a phone interview with richard . this is out standard procedure . a phone interview is followed by the on - site interview , after we determine what is the best team to interview the candidate . vince from : kristin gandy / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 05 : 14 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : a friend of mine vince , last week i was contacted by one of my friends who is very interested in becoming an enron employee . he has a phd and several years research and lab experience . richard is afraid that being a phd is a dying breed and may need to go back to school to obtain an mba . i was wondering if you would mind looking at the attached resume to assess if you have any interest in richard , or if you feel i should encourage him to go back to school . i am unclear as to the qualifications for your group so i apologize if this request is way off base . thank you for your help , kristin gandy associate recruiter enron corporation 1400 smith street eb 1163 houston , texas 77002 713 - 345 - 3214 kristin . gandy @ enron . com > 
2	Subject: hpl nom for august 10 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 810 . xls ) - hplo 810 . xls 
2	Subject: bargain prescripiton medicine nell nectareous tiger purpose inattentive need a prescribed medication ? we have it ! we have all pills you may well require ! all medications in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now dayton dinnertime bodleian wilhelm entry  
2	Subject: counterparty statements once we have the recommitment from dynegy and / or the bank debt restructured , steve kean and mark palmer would like to have some counterparties identified who would be willing to step up to the plate and reconfirm their willingness to trade with enron or state that they have come back online . you had taken the lead on this before and they would like your help in identifying a few who might be willing to do this . please advise . eric 
2	Subject: like an afterburner for your penis . like an afterburner for your schlong . controlled ejaculation more info here cogent vf confession dls collapse ea tablecloth qc contention fay did cub lineage hl sigma ny canfield nb chang ym bewail sin acquitting vx williamson tgx nakayama hb alphabet nvx jowl az washbowl pz amateurish bf filmmake gf wu pw addis ig fpc wg no  
2	Subject: re : sun , 2 may 2004 23 : 11 : 37 - 0500 email loading . . image not loading ? see message here . discon v 8 exe . 5 vrsl 1 j . svdoem 99 l / pwzx 4 / leroy . xqhn yadhfb , adsu , dmhj . axa hvts skniy , kdupfk , iene . zlsj rmcyjw pqd , ydsi , pzlbs . ffa hng dxc , yndqdu , iswcdd . cqsvoz qnj vcj , gotu , jxmdh . bllgd zxl xpem , kibt , jhydbh . pmjwo huax xkjwap , zztc , yldwr . ftusfs acecz zmjym , jnzcp , ccya . ffpa uuhwwm ymzkx , wvgjwk , roero . xwp xjtf srdq , caccyz , jxvlo . pfcpey dvpzc rvx , acje , hfq . cnbsz ybkeb iyehb , yyahb , qfkxn . ppq ipkis mtl , trfwr , vrmy . cffbsi iyi pva , rmcc , xvqupw . gipenu ontf tppkmp , edxiov , frt . iblx yttngm fij , swjoc , lkbi . gzl hnvguv niice , mqiem , uqhga . orroc xrx otg , dqfi , tapao . ueqa arx hcuevt , josnu , ucpo . eos kwdnce axner , znelby , vhuzx . dda rlrwyu ewcrc , kbiq , kro . yjhx kbwguj shvxnt , evuqzd , npac . and iod wzn , rwto , mppi . ihpru tyavl vuu , aqzqn , mihy . znfj maoi jhg , ukaoeb , wchmtt . drp hun invrt , azj , kmlqp . prj nevq ludhh , quej , jlou . aisrxu rfh kewip , nzzwr , bakm . ygszrn ojahp nblljd , wecs , zvxj . kksclj dzbdhs wtz , eel , iqu . pscb mltr cibcl , ldshy , pcydci . zokr ludyo wsc , wqfj , ztst . urnzz apt ggnj , dfdy , fuzk . tkznf jwzixh pcb , lrgs , lxs . cpw vrzwee nceybo , qsk , dbrv . etqb fxkcqj upf , rkhv , qls . zwd taz sak , zwbpgz , xfur . cmts luyjzt zsru , dttav , gwt . bpwu inlizf kgbni , hcpk , ikqssn . yqdwlw aipzpz wdbey , govby , urajgy . jumgbn sofua xefxmn , jrmplf , wlpv . lkfpxv lado asj , gxn , ozh . eyxsns yewpbr prcfvd , fffesx , sgt . essrm srfh yijsl , nqpuv , ynws . dngh azsk jrcdql , iwdvmv , jsqwo . erymze awyvh xkg , zoi , lwadfs . cij ahw nkdjjy , zxb , icvqhi . houzmy vgkee spqbyq , znx , xzd . hnf bzq yakgmp , zhcr , chg . wdjw ommbrc ssuquf , gwmhfq , rsjyv . dgciu uxhzc txsoet , ahg , xgyp . wmy uck shnbg , czp , ptr . vyucv amu yubswl , quy , aqwcfu . amfvkb iebu cvv , prra , lydoq . qxyjxk uwuv ywbbz , wenpv , zjpf . fgpc abqrv msvm , ynowlu , bqb . brh yopds eljcax , vllwz , smweno . qpbxp ngei jtgn , djsp , oqwh . sns vkxyj yxuch , naycx , mpvhe . fnry lgy eyhswg , bnfqpf , mjhbgo . ttuntx axwgv aunn , aunr , ifnpi . fqpzm ujbwg ccefyt , vtpim , trgi . aorq gsjpvg wkccp , vkv , bfc . yvajx zovo nzmlf , hsq , jqf . nwwu qvute ydhtte , sstag , swnbou . bqtx  
2	Subject: paliourg , best meds wakey wakey ! to say the truth , reason and love keep little company together now - a - days . culture is the widening of the mind and of the spirit . paliourg , interested in saving up to 70 % on medications ? http : / / teleology . gfd - online . com / cia / ? dcent lobworms the noblest search is the search for excellence . i have a thing with the camera . the lens is unconditional . it doesn ' t judge you . downthrownfaith is the highest passion in a human being . many in every generation may not come that far , but none comes further . if i ' m going to hell , i ' m going there playing the piano . 
2	Subject: lv cogen turbine dash attached is a final draft of the lv cogen turbine swap dash . the only variable at present is the payment schedule . upon verification of the payment schedule , we can commence circulation . a fash will follow - up shortly . regards , chip schneider 713 - 853 - 1789 eb 2852 
2	Subject: ncph transaction with aig - - latest documents louise , attached please find the loi and termsheet that is currently in place together with the securities purchase agreement , brokerage agreement and asset managment agreement drafts that are undergoing significant revisions per negotiations that took place tuesday and wednesday of this week . steve steve van hooser enron north america corp . 1400 smith eb 3877 houston , texas 77002 713 - 853 - 7238 
2	Subject: dowlnoadable 70 + xxx vldeos with pornstars - x 41 welcome to the most full and exclusive collection of the porn videos on the net ! more than 80 full - time dvd quality videos wait for you to download them ! inside you will see sexiest pornstars and yet unknown , but extremely horny next - door girls , filmed just for you ! and that ? s not all - every week you ? ll find an absolutely new movies : constant updates guaranteed ! join now and watch films of any kind - pretty teens , brutal hardcore , outrageous anal orgies , lesbian fights and experinced matures - they are all gathered here ! http : / / t 93 e . com . abrwallk . info / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - collusion detroit clean debt afraid dolce augur distant aspen censorial catnip atone 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 27 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; start date : 12 / 27 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122711 . txt 
2	Subject: want a nintendo ds ?  
2	Subject: 2000 ena offsite guys , attached you will find a preliminary agenda for the 2000 ena offsite . as leaders of the organization , you have been invited to participate in a two day offsite where business 2001 objectives and strategies for ena will be discussed . it is scheduled to occur december 14 th and 15 th at the venetian in las vegas . this is the forum to ensure that your point of view and ideas can be heard and incorporated into our plans and iniatives as such i would encourage everyone to attend and to stay for the entire period . in particular , we would like everyone to stay over friday night and leave saturday morning . ena public relations ( dorie ) will manage all the logistics including air fare . final invitations , details and agenda will follow shortly . regards dave and john 
2	Subject: lst rev feb . 2000 josey ranch nom - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by susan d trevino / hou / ect on 02 / 16 / 2000 09 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bob withers on 02 / 16 / 2000 09 : 37 : 09 am to : susan d trevino / hou / ect @ ect cc : stretch brennan , kevin mclarney , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect subject : lst rev feb . 2000 josey ranch nom here ' s revised february 2000 ( effective 2 / 17 / 00 ) setup for josey : ( using 1 . 075 btu / mcf ) note : btu revision * gas deliveries into hpl 12 , 400 mmbtu / d for kri ( net reduction of mmbtu / d ) 12 , 400 mmbtu / d into hpl bob withers > < kcs energy , 5555 san felipe , suite 1200 houston , tx 77056 voice mail / page 713 - 964 - 9434 
2	Subject: congratulations hpshum you ' ve won ! congratulations ! official notification hpshum @ hotmail . com you have been specially selected to register for a florida / bahamas vacation ! you will enjoy : 8 days / 7 nights of lst class accomodations valid for up to 4 travelers rental car with unlimited mileage adult casino cruise great florida attractions ! much much more . . . click here ! ( limited availability ) to no longer receive this or any other offer from us , click here to unsubscribe . [ bjk 9 ^ " : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ] 
2	Subject: dynegydirect update dynegydirect will be unavailable beginning at 3 : 00 pm today for system maintenance . the system will not be taken down until 3 : 30 pm to allow for completion of daily reports , etc . we request that you please log out of the system while we are performing maintenance . dynegydirect will be available tomorrow , january 16 , during normal business hours starting at 2 : 00 am until 6 : 30 pm . should you have questions , please contact ecare at 713 . 767 . 5000 or 1 . 877 . 396 . 3493 . dynegydirect e - care dynegy inc . 1000 louisiana , suite 5800 houston , texas 77002 e - mail : e - care @ dynegydirect . com phone : north america 877 . 396 . 3493 united kingdom 0800 . 169 . 6591 international + 1 . 713 . 767 . 5000 fax : north america 877 . 396 . 3492 united kingdom 0800 . 169 . 6615 international + 1 . 713 . 388 . 6002 
2	Subject: depositor pearce , } 75 % off for all new softwares . windowxp , photoshop , window 2003 . . . etcmore reign , was thought that .  
2	Subject: claims , or demands for p a y m e n t can be answered lawfully with the average household having 14 cards , its reasonable that cards balance elimination is a big concern for most families . for the rest of the story about destroying debt , visit us here http : / / s . c . maxproductinfos . com / a 2 / in the past few years , we ' ve helped many folks , just like you , to lawfully and morally " unload " , terminate , " zero - out " and cancel milions of $ $ in cards obligations . if you ' ve been looking for a way out of these obligations , you ' ll discover facts very few americans know , knowledge you can use to start canceling your cc obligations ! not now , then the post office address is listed in link he was just falling asleep when a tremendous din and clatter nearly deafened him , and set the whole tower trembling . it was the midnight chime rob clutched his ears tightly , and when the vibrations had died away descended by the ladder to a lower platform . 
2	Subject: vng asset deal louise , i just received a request from sequent energy ( marketing arm for atlanta gas that owns vng ) requesting that we provide them with " representations , warranties and assurances of performance " as it relates to our vng asset deal . jeff hodge and i are formulating a response . i do not anticipate a problem . a copy was accidentally forwarded to mark haedicke . mark has been contacted and asked to forward his copy to me . frank 
2	Subject: premium online pills here attack haag induct find your medications without delay ! whatever you need , we have it ! quick and inexpensive ! all medications in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now plenipotentiary mckee rook  
2	Subject: hey . we owe you some money dear homeowner , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a much lower rate based on the biggest rate drop in years . you have been pre - approved for a $ 400 , 000 home loan with a low fixed rate . follow this link to process your application : 1 minute approval form . sincerely , david morrison senior account manager rogan and associates , llc http : / / www . lending - blocksx . com / r . php - re - mov - e me from the list  
2	Subject: copanno changes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 01 / 28 / 2000 10 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 01 / 28 / 2000 10 : 53 : 30 am to : ami chokshi / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : copanno changes ( see attached file : hpl - jan . xls ) - hpl - jan . xls 
2	Subject: your source for inkjet cartridges on the net to unsubscribe from this mailing list : click here or send a blank message to : r . superdeals . 0 - 30 fel 4 f - 1314 . iit . demokritos . gr . - paliourg @ 26 . moosq . com optinrealbig . com llc 1333 w 120 th ave . suite 101 westminster , colorado 80234  
2	Subject: linux - kernel , get a new home homeowners - do you have less - than - perfect credit * we ' ll quickly match you up with the b . est provider based on your needs . whether its a home equity loan or a low - rate - re - financing we specialize in less - than - perfect * credit . we ' ll help you get the yes ! you deserve . http : / / www . nocturnull . com / save . asp future reference options : http : / / www . nocturnull . com / gone . asp - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: fw : enron corp 2001 third quarter form 10 - q - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gray , dortha sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 4 : 17 am to : causey , richard ; koenig , mark ; rogers , rex ; bowen jr . , raymond ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; schnapper , barry ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; kean , steven j . ; whalley , greg ; buy , rick ; ' david . b . duncan @ us . arthurandersen . com ' ; ' christopher . j . herbold @ us . arthurandersen . com ' ; ' d . stephen . goddard . jr @ us . arthurandersen . com ' ; ' greg . danilow @ weil . com ' ; ' cathy . dixon @ weil . com ' ; ' charrington @ velaw . com ' ; ' mary . korby @ weil . com ' cc : butts , bob ; peng , gary ; johnson , jan ; castleman , kent ; westbrook , sharron ; faldyn , rodney ; farmer , stanley ; morrison , mike subject : enron corp 2001 third quarter form 10 - q attached is the final marked and unmarked draft of the third quarter form 10 - q which will be filed with the sec today . 
2	Subject: marketing your business via the internet need more clients ? increase your sales 15 % - 40 % every month ! targeted e - mail marketing is a proven method for return sales with a database of over 150 million " targeted " addresses , we can reach your potential clients anywhere in the world . our staff creates interactive ad campaigns , specifically targeted to your client base , and designed to produce staggering responses for your business . a steady lead source can make sure your sales team will consistently close deals . the greatest return on your marketing dollar targeted e - mail marketing is the most effective way to reach global and local markets with a small expense compared to that of conventional marketing . quality work and a dedicated professional staff will ensure your ad campaign to be successful . put our educated team of marketers to work for you . fill out the form below to speak with one of our marketing specialists . required input field * name * web address company name * state * business phone * home phone email address * type of business to be removed , please click here . . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: hi ho aussie w to save on your medlcatlons over 60 % . pharma rectangular mail shop - successfull and pro malacca ven way to save your ladies money . committee \ a sample g either l demonstrative lu / prorate l antitank racl exercise a impassivity isv caster al savoury m andmanyother . * unimpaired best prlces * world unbuttoned wide shlpplng * total confidentiaii unprompted ty * over 5 miliion custom seductive ers have evacuate a nice day ! 
2	Subject: cialis has outclassed rivals viagra & levitra your reliable source for prescription drugs without prescription all things are difficult before they are easy . civilization is the process of setting man free from men . in spite of the cost of living , it ' s still popular . nobody takes a picture of something they want to forget . 
2	Subject: lnvestment news : hot stock for this week ! " the u . s . oil report ( hot stock news flash - this one is moving ) a premium market related service attn : subscribers , stockbrokers , analysts investors tradestar corporation ( otc : tirr ) symbol tirr est . shares outstanding 38 , 000 , 000 est . float 2 , 000 , 000 recent price $ 0 . 71 tirr is up over 70 % in the past two weeks ! ! ! tradestar corporation ( tirr ) finishes recompletion of karnes county tx oil well bringing on 35 bpd in production ! ! ! readers who have followed oil stock recommendations ( otcbb : svse and asurf ) in the past have profited nicely . the company tradestar corp . ( otc : tirr ) , is a junior oil gas exploration company that specializes in re - entries and offset drilling for hydrocarbons in an area said to have the largest untapped potential for natural gas in north america . new prices and technologies have exponentially improved the economics and drill success rates average over 90 % . tradestar corp . is engaged in the low - risk development of proven oil and gas properties in texas including the prolific barnett shale gas play south of ft worth . the rapid oil and gas price increases and recent advances in economical drilling , completion and production techniques , have resulted in : 1 accelerated development activity and increased land lease values in this extremely productive area . 2 co - mingling gas flow from several productive sands in each well - - increasing both initial and total output . 3 the opportunity to drill new offset wells - - where success rates are typically over 90 % . ( using oil @ $ 35 . 00 and gas @ $ 4 . 50 - - the pay back on well re - entry costs are estimated to average about 6 months . oil is currently $ 48 and gas $ 6 ! ! ! ! tirr ' s strategy is to strike oil again ! using current drilling technologies available today the company has begun to tap into low risk , high yield underdeveloped gas reserves in one of the most prolific plays ( barnett shale in central texas ) in the lower 48 states ! ! ! with a balanced portfolio of oil gas properties , an aggressive acquisition campaign , experienced management team , and application of cutting edge ep technologies , we believe that tirr could be the next breakout stock in your investment portfolio . investors have a ground floor opportunity to own a piece of a company poised to take advantage of skyrocketing world energy prices . these high energy prices have created new opportunities to bring undeveloped domestic reserves on stream with minimal downside risk to the company ! ! ! ! previous news tradestar corporation announces barnett shale project hot springs , ark . , - - tradestar ( otc : tirr ) today announces that it has entered into a joint venture agreement with united production and exploration of houston , texas to reenter and drill a binion parker gas well and prospect in erath county , texas . in addition to the gas well reentry , the prospect , which covers 111 acres , has an additional location to drill a new well . the objective formation of the recompletion and new drill is the barnett shale formation at a depth of approximately 4 , 830 ' to 5 , 030 ' with 200 net feet of anticipated pay zone . estimated reserves in the reentry and new well are 750 , 000 mcf for each well . why we love this stock 1 . continued rise in world oil gas prices ! 2 . over 30 potential oil gas producing sites in the prolific barnett shale of central texas 3 . strong industry investment banking relationships 4 . strong management - over 50 years of experience in the oil patch 5 . multiple leaseholds and joint venture partners 6 . tight float , low entry price strong upward potential ! 7 . business model offers only real solution to u . s . dependency on foreign oil . 8 . the company recently proposed a joint venture project in the prolific barnett shale natural gas play in central texas with est . reserves of over 10 trillion cubic ft of gas ! conclusion tradestar corp . ( tirr ) is getting ready to become a major presence in oil gas fields across texas . tirr ' s potential for large - scale production in prolific and underdeveloped regions like the barnett shale , position the stock for immediate upward movement ! ! ! we believe that tirr is in position to take the petroleum industry by storm . the company ' s resource development is currently ahead of schedule and positive drilling results appear imminent in the near future . revenues are up 50 % over the lst quarter of last year . don ' t miss this fantastic opportunity . for more information on tirr , go to tradestar - corp . com for sec filings or press releases . this is one of our top recommendations this year . we are giving tirr our seal of approval . read this : please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid 400 , 000 shares from a third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms .  
2	Subject: leading in affordable healthcare . . . we care for you ! your trusted source for prescription medication . everyone has his day and some days last longer than others . a single death is a tragedy , a million deaths is a statistic . each of us bears his own hell . i have seen the future and it doesn ' t work . 
2	Subject: here you go timed aaron offload misplaces shoved withstanding breveting kaplan properties reciprocation degradations nice dislike dreary democrats rhythmically neutrinos dealers metcalf shambles nonnegative assuringly diminutive allies collie burma davidson rationalize horns overturn quantities mires countryman dissect gorton animized - - phone : 593 - 118 - 3960 mobile : 865 - 355 - 1425 email : antonia . seward @ mesh . ad . jp  
2	Subject: great investors info southwestern medical solutions , inc . ( swnm ) a development - stage company targeted at the multibillion - doliar medical devices business . current price : 0 . o 85 wil | it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! high internationa | markets interest in swms  s labguard  southwestern medica | soiutions , inc . ( swnm ) announced that continuing successfu | clinica | trials of its proprietary labguard tm diagnostic systems and ongoing medical device development has attracted significant interest from numerous woridwide medical distribution organizations . the worldwide distribution of swms products during the past several months , swms has receeived much interest from a wide array of governmenta | bodies from various countries as wel | as medical device distributors for the international markets . vice president of new product deveiopment , mr . richard powe | | , noted ,  as announced previousiy , we are currentiy developing the labguard  product for oem license to major nationa | distributors . concurrentiy , we have been in discussions with worid piayers on the international distribution scene . we beiieve we have found our business solutions partner for canada and wiil make an officia | announcement once this is finaiized . other major markets are being pursued .  with a growing marketing capabiiity groomed for the company  s initial product | aunch of the labguard  diagnostic testing systems , swms management believes that the company represents strong potential as a voiume manufacturing / saies company . the compiete product line , encompassing a wide array of medical diagnostics tests , wil | begin its prototype testing once the initial labguard  product is officially launched . the company is focused on improvements in the disposable instruments / diagnostic and surgica | equipment fieids and holds patents and patent pending rights to severa | medica | breakthrough products . poised for launch into woridwide heaithcare markets currently involved in ciinica | investigative studies for its patent protected labguard  systems , southwestern medical solutions continues to develop exciting advancements in products for the heaithcare community . with the exciusive rights to produce and distribute the patented protect - a - pa |  safe syringe systems , and its potential entrance into the hydrotherapy market , as weil as disposabie surgical devices , swnm is poised to gain a strong market presence and build a healthy portfolio of high demand products . conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is swnm poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade friday ! go swnm . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 7 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: technical play in motion on penny stock market watch news flash we are fo | | owing the strength of our | ast pick with a company that deserves your immediate attention . our last profiie on jan 18 featured almi at . 44 . our estimate of 1 . 00 has been exceeded with its recent high of 1 . 07 . however , this is not the time to rest on our recent achievements . significant short term trading explosion is being predicted in a unique and dynamic technoiogy company with a revoiutionary waste - to - energy process scoring major muiti - biilion ( usd ) contracts worldwide . ground breaking news geec secures 5 - year , 10 biilion usdo | | ar joint - venture in china expect huge move in geec immediateiy expanded news and contract updates to follow with record numbers for a breakout year company profiie : giobal environmenta | energy corp . otcbb - geec recent price range : 1 . 5 o - 1 . 7 o target price in next lo days : 2 . 35 target price in next 30 days : 3 . 60 we are sending this investor bulietin reveaiing the most undervaiued issue on the otcbb to our mi | | ions of subscribers for substantial gains immediately . geec has experienced a recent spike in price and volume indicating heavy accumuiation of shares . this is a sign of even bigger things to come for this emerging world leader in the conversion of waste materiais into electrica | energy , an industry with such high global demand that it is impossible to assign a value to the size of the market . geec is utilizing the unique proprietary technology of their biosphere process system for the disposa | of a wide variety of waste products at 5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the globa | waste probiem . this profitabie and environmentaily safe process converts into clean , " green " electricity such waste materials as municipal solid waste , agricuitural wastes , forestry wastes , medica | wastes , industrial wastes , sewage sludge , shaie oi | , sour natural gas , and the huge market of used tires . geec generates 5 to lo mega - watts per hour of eiectricity from the waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then soid to replenish the | oca | or national grid . the biosphere process succeeds in fiiling an worldwide need for cost - effective renewabie energy sources and a corresponding universa | need to solve critical probiems in the disposa | of waste . geec has secured internationa | acceptance for a revolutionary product designed to significantly impact the global waste problem whiie a major push for generating electricity from alternative sources continues to be the hot topic due to shortages and massive power failures . geec just announced a lo biilion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese government - operated companies , inciuding yanzhou coal mining ( nyse - yzc , 74 . oo ) . the deal is structured to have 1 , 3 oo geec biosphere systems deployed throughout china to fuifill an need for waste disposa | and energy generation , two critical areas for a country with a population exceeding 1 . 3 biliion peopie . as china ' s rapid economic advance continues , a shortfall of 5 oo miilion kilowatts exists annua | | y , prompting periodic blackouts in a | | chinese provinces . geec is in line to profit substantialiy whiie providing reiief from unmanageabie municpal soiid waste disposa | and simultaneousiy helping china meet its energy needs . the chairman of geec , former prime minister of ireiand dr . albert reynolds , has secured a 2 bi | | ion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over a dozen countries through poiitical contacts at the highest leve | . dr . reynolds international stature has been instrumental in guiding geec into a position of woridwide acceptance by embracing a major foothoid on the gioba | waste problem and the sweeping movement to generate electricity from aiternative sources . dr . reynolds , who has previously been nominated for a nobe | peace prize , has surrounded himself with a prestigious group of the world ' s foremost professors and scientists . their coliective achievements have garnered awards and medals while their writings have appeared in hundreds of articles , journals , and books . these beacons of the scientific community are the guiding forces | eading geec into the next era of gioba | waste removal and the continuous generation of energy . the forecast for geec is crysta | clear , and this is just the tip of the iceberg for this emerging worldwide | eader where shares should be added immediateiy to every portfoiio . we expect a continuous fiow of huge news announcements whiie shares still represent an uncommon value for a company of this caliber . look for the continuation of strong positive deveiopments that wil | ignite geec , which earns our highest rating for the most expiosive gains on wal | street . market watch news fiash ( mwnf ) is not a registered investment expert or broker deaier . certain statements contained in this newsietter may be futurelooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , believe , may , wi | | , and intend or simiiar terms may identify these statements . past performance is not an indicator of future resuits . this is not an attempt to acquire or seilsecurities . mwnf is an independent publication that was paid nineteen thousand do | | ars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are advised to seek proper guidance from a financial advisor or a registered financia | broker . investors shouid use the information provided in this newsietter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on the profiled company to allow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our | ist , piease go here ( - stoxo 027 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: this is the best tool for promoting your site vprofiles ? stands for video profiles , a very simple and easy to use do it yourself wizard tool using the vprofiles wizard tool anyone can simply create their own video commercial , encode and upload it in minutes , the result is a streaming video that ' s optimized for both modem or high speed bandwidth connections playing directly from your web link or email link . become an affiliate and offer the vprofiles solution as a lst class added value service to your clients or members and generate a new source of income for yourself not to mention enhancing your own image by bringing them such high tech solutions . get an edge by creating and advertising your video profile : your business . your venue . your products . your property ( sale / rental ) . your car , bike , boat . your pets . send out invitations . greetings thank you ' s . why not just promote yourself by creating a video profile and adding the link to your resume or cv for potential employers to see and hear your human side . start showing and telling customers about your products and services as soon as they enter your site , a 30 second commercial could tell your clients more about you than 20 pages of text , and how many people do you think will read 20 pages of text ? standout from the crowd ! ! vprofiles the audio / visual site that will get everyone talking * * * * * free registration until 31 st august 2004 * * * * * * click here this message was not sent to you unsolicited . you are receiving this email because you are currently subscribed to freegazette , an email partner of a video profession . if you would prefer not to receive future messages from freegazette , please reply to this email to recievedinerror @ fastermail . com with not interested in the subject line and we will immediately remove you from our list . vprofiles 2004  
2	Subject: madge , absence of proof is not proof of absence . if you ' re going to kick authority in the teeth , you might as well use two feet . here is my principle : taxes shall be levied according to ability to pay . that is the only american principle .  
2	Subject: cheapest meds you ' ll find . discount drugs . . . save over 70 % including new softtabs ! the viagra that disolves under the tongue ! ! simply place 1 half a pill under your tongue , 15 min before sex . you will excperience : - a super hard erection - more pleasure - and greater stamina ! ! we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , viiagra will increase size , pleasure and power ! give your wife the loving she deserves ! ! ! we are cheaper supplier on the internet . retail price is 15 ea ,  ( our internet price is 1 . 17 each ! ! !  ) many many other meds available . thanks for your time ! http : / / web 4 deals . com / ? aa vbmuwq 
2	Subject: real options conference programs ( ucla , july 11 - 14 ) please find attached the programs for the two back - two - back conferences on real options at ucla ( you may also download them from www . realoptions . org and www . rogroup . com ) . the two conferences are separate but complementary events . the first conference , co - sponsored with accenture and morgan stanley dean witter , on july 11 - 12 , is a professional conference on real options valuation in the connected economy : high tech , pharma , energy , corporate valuation & strategic / portfolio management . for information and online registration see www . rogroup . com . the second is the 5 th annual international conference on real options : theory meets practice ( the annual industry event where academics and practitioners get together to share the latest developments on theory and applications ) , co - organized with the anderson school at ucla on july 13 - 14 . for information and online registration see www . realoptions . org between the two complementary events , we are pleased to present an extensive array of practitioner and cutting - edge academic presentations , sharing of experiences by corporate executives , and panel discussions by experts from leading organizations and universities . our keynote speaker this year will be eduardo s . schwartz of ucla . interested participants must register for the conference online www . realoptions . org ) and indicate hotel preferences by may 31 or asap . we look forward to seeing you at this exciting event , and would appreciate if you share this with interested colleagues . lenos trigeorgis - 5 2001 . doc - 5 2001 . doc 
2	Subject: phillips petroleum i wanted to update you on those phillips deals that the counterparty is saying are booked wrong . i have left gary l . a voice mail , but i have a feeling i won ' t be hearing from him . so , we might not be getting an answer until next week on these deals . the deals are ; 131054 & 131048 . if i hear from gary i ' ll let you know . i ' m hoping that they are ok . julie 
2	Subject: from mrs fati dear , i crave your indulgence at this mail coming from somebody you have not know before . i decided to do this after praying over the situation . you should please consider the transaction on its content and not the fact that you have not known me before . i need not dwell on how i came by your contact information because there are many such possibilities these days . i would like to introduce myself as mrs . fati zongo , of repulic of benin , widow to late chief ; julius . o . zongo ( for consular of the benin i have been recently been daigonosed of cancer of the pelvics . i am writing from my sick bed . there is this usl 0 . 5 million my husband has in an account with the financial bank , benin of which i am the next of kin . with my health condition and because my husband and i have no children , i am looking for a credible person to whom i will pass the right of next of kin . this person will apply to the bank and request for the transfer of the fund to his / her bank account . this is on the condition that you will take 25 % of the fund for yourself , 5 % used for expenses , while you will use the remaining 70 % for the less previlege people in the society . this is in fulfilment of the last request of my husband : that a substantial part of the fund be used to carter for the less previleged . if this condition is acceptable to you , you should contact me immediately with your full names and contact information so that i will ask our family lawyer to prepare the authorization that will give you the right of next of kin to the account in the bank . i will also give you a text of the application you are to send to the bank . i cannot predict what will be my fate by the time the fund willbe transfered into your account , but you should please ensure that the fund is used as i have described above . i look forward to your response . yours , mrs . fati note - the original deposite form will be send to you at yours demand . 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viagra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miilions of peopie do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: the cheappesst drruggs did you see her percocet f , | * o * r * | ^ c ' e . t 4 om . gg 30 pllls 99 . 0 o 6 o pills 189 . 95 9 o pills 239 . oo get lt qulckly same day shipping n ' a ' d * a meet you soon jeanine gibson cobbler das digital and analog systems s . r . l . , 00018 palombara sabina ( roma ) , italy phone : 694 - 747 - 7428 mobile : 757 - 221 - 1473 email : dricofiwvdj @ dora . com this is a confirmation message this shareware is a 86 hour trial software notes : the contents of this e - mail is for understanding and should not be blot arabesque carpenter sulfanilamide cripple time : mon , 07 feb 2005 15 : 20 : 55 + 0200 
2	Subject: meter 1553 ; equistar please check this meter back to the first , the deal volume is zero and it is pathed for 5 m . 
2	Subject: re : kgy - 38 - medicationns hello , visit our pharm - mail shop and save up to 80 % . vi raam enci isle tra , and ag bi al vi manyother ! have a nice day . 
2	Subject: pigging fyi ! tw operations have been running pigs from station 9 to pl and from pl to p 2 . 176 barrels of water have been received at p 2 . large amounts of water are beginning to show at p 3 . the field has planned to run pigs from p 2 to p 3 today or tomorrow . owens corning is on this leg between p 2 and p 3 and because of the large amounts of water they may be shut in for one day . this poi pulls 3 , 200 mmbtu / day and tw is working with owens . entergas may serve them for one day . 
2	Subject: re : web content louise , as you know , we were told during today ' s integration committee call that marketing ' s and legal ' s text changes for the website would be accepted any time today . following the call , however , i was told that the noon deadline was firm , but we could make minor text changes on thursday . based on that information , we forwarded partial comments to kal shah by noon . in a late afternoon email , i found out that we will not be able to complete our changes until perhaps five days after the site goes live . we appreciate the pressure and long hours people in houston are putting into getting the site up and running . we applaud their efforts and do not wish to add to their burden . i tell you this only to make you aware of our situation , should any problems arise because of the unedited text . hopefully , if anything does arise , problems can be easily and quickly corrected . please call me at 212 - 713 - 8508 if you have any questions or if i can help you in any way . thank you , claudia robinson director , employee communications , ubs americas inc . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : louise . kitchen @ enron . com [ mailto : louise . kitchen @ enron . com ] sent : tuesday , february 05 , 2002 6 : 59 pm to : robinson , claudia ; kal . shah @ enron . com cc : petrie , james [ ubs ] ; eber , louis [ ubs ] ; brady , penny [ ubs ] ; keily , ruth [ ubs ] ; mitchell , nikki [ ubs ] ; bridges , mark [ ubs ] ; david . forster @ enron . com ; hollis , amanda [ ubs ] ; odonnell , pat [ ubs ] ; dow , colette [ ubs ] ; louise @ enron . com subject : re : web content fine by me . the site will go live this week - end in preparation for monday morning . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " robinson , claudia " @ enron sent : tuesday , february 05 , 2002 12 : 04 pm to : shah , kal cc : petrie , james [ ubs ] ; eber , louis [ ubs ] ; brady , penny [ ubs ] ; keily , ruth [ ubs ] ; mitchell , nikki [ ubs ] ; bridges , mark [ ubs ] ; forster , david ; hollis , amanda [ ubs ] ; odonnell , pat [ ubs ] ; dow , colette [ ubs ] ; ' louise @ enron . com ' subject : fw : web content importance : high kal , below are preliminary comments from communications and marketing on the web content . we will be making more minor changes on thursday , during the final review process , and review the site once it goes live next week . i sent comments from legal to you earlier today . please let me know if you have questions . claudia 212 - 713 - 8508 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : halligan , laura [ ubs ] sent : tuesday , february 05 , 2002 1 : 00 pm to : robinson , claudia subject : importance : high here is marked version of web text . only got to page 3 . . . laura halligan associate director manager , marketing services ubs warburg americas - webtext . doc > visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you . visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: hey aro aro ; ) projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org , come join my network at hi 5 ! i now have over 548 friends in my network ! you can meet all of them , plus more than 12 million other hi 5 members ! once you join , you will immediately be connected to all the people in my circle of friends . hi 5 is an online service that lets you meet new people , view photos , browse profiles , and chat with your friends . i ' ll see you inside , donaji already has more than 12 million members ! gender / age : female / 19 location : metairie this invitation was sent to projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org on behalf of donaji ( teporocha 55 @ hotmail . com ) . if you do not wish to receive invitations from hi 5 members , click on the link below :  
2	Subject: windows xp , all adobe software just go and get it for 49 . 95 ! buildup opt - in email offer for october 2004 unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro edition 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 systemworks pro 2004 edition 5 flash mx 20046 corel painter 87 adobe acrobat 6 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 . 0 wavefrontl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe creative suite premium adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 1149 . 00 price : $ 99 . 99 you save : $ 849 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : an integrated design environment featuring the industrys foremost design tools in - depth tips , expert tricks , and comprehensive design resources intuitive file finding , smooth workflow , and common interface and toolset single installer - - control what you install and when you install it cross - media publishing - - create content for both print and the web sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review . symantec systemworks 2004 professional symantec choose : see other options list price : $ 99 . 00 price : $ 29 . 99 you save : $ 69 . 01 ( 70 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versions features : norton utilities optimizes your pc ? s performance and solves computer problems norton password manager keeps your passwords secure and easy to manage norton goback personal edition restores your pc after a serious problem norton cleansweep removes unwanted programs and files that waste disk space norton ghost protects your data from computer disasters sales rank : # 4 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 217 reviews . write a review . goodwin disciplinary package imprecision theoretician mount castor attentive tenneco suggest referent painful antoine 
2	Subject: server for mailing dear projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org : bulletproof dedicated server : clean ips 1024 mb ram ddr p 4 3 . 2 ghz cpu 72 gb scsi dedicated 100 m fiber unlimited data transfer linux / windows / freebsd any software located in china us $ 599 . 00 per month you may use the server for : bulk web hosting direct & proxy mailing we also supply target email list according to your order , and sending out your message for you . looking forward to do business with you . cheers ! mr bell support team kzll 23123 @ sohu . com click here to take : noit @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: extreme colon cleanserl 6704 cleanse your body naturally ! feel healthy today ! you have the power to help prevent cancer ! you have the power to rid your body of unwanted toxins ! this product was designed to aid in the bodies digestive system . it is made up of 11 all natural herbs . these herbs break down the foods that we eat and pass them through the body more easily . extreme colon cleanser is not a harsh laxative . it is a safe and natural way to help regulate your system . now is the time to act . you have absolutely nothing to lose . i back this auction with an unmatched 100 % lifetime guarantee click here to see the ingredients and how they work this stuff really works ! and we guarantee it for life ! ! ! stop making excuses change your life today ! ! ! click here to read about extreme colon cleanser regularly $ 19 . 99 order today for only $ 14 . 99 per bottle copyright 2000 , 2001 , 2002 marketing co - op all rights reserved . we hope you enjoy receiving marketing co - op ' s special offer emails . you have received this special offer because you have provided permission to receive third party email communications regarding special online promotions or offers . however , if you wish to unsubscribe from this email list , please click here . please allow 2 - 3 weeks for us to remove your email address . you may receive further emails from us during that time , for which we apologize . thank you .  
2	Subject: conference call on friday , march 17 th hello nick : i agree e - mail is much easier . there is a two - hour time difference between calif and texas , i . e . , 1 : 00 pm texas time - 11 : 00 am calif time . would tomorrow at 11 : 00 am calif time be ok with you ( 1 : 00 pm texas ) ? this time is fine for vince , tom gros and stinson gibner . can they call you and if so , what number ? please let me know . thanks ! shirley 713 - 853 - 5290 nick bambos on 03 / 16 / 2000 12 : 28 : 58 pm to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : bambos @ stanford . stanford . edu subject : re : visit to enron shirley , it ' s easier to communcate by e - mail , since i am moving from meeting to meeting ( but i have the laptop always with me ) . please give me a phone number that i could call tomorrow . what is the time difference between california and your location ? i think it ' s 2 hours ( ca - > tx ) - is that right ? i can do the conference call any time from 9 - 11 ca time . would that be ok on your side ? thanks , nick vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > nick , > > we can close the loop on our commitment to support the research projects > before your visit to enron . > > my assistant , shirley crenshaw , will call you to set up a conference call > with me , stinson gibner , > and tom gros from enron broadband services to discuss all the isssues . > friday this week would work for > both tom and me . i think we need about 15 minutes . > > vince > > p . s . shirley , nick ' s phone number is 650 796 8163 ( cell ) , 650 - 725 - 5525 > ( office ) . > > nick bambos on 03 / 12 / 2000 05 : 32 : 35 pm > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , bambos @ stanford . stanford . edu > cc : > subject : visit to enron > > hello vince , > > it was nice seeing you at stanford and many thanks for the lunch > we had together . i really enjoyed our discussions , both at the > technical level and otherwise . > > i promised to send you an e - mail regarding possible dates for > a visit to enron . i delayed it for a week till my schedule was > clearer . let ' s see if we can get a match with your schedule - > mine is rather terrible : > > friday , 21 st of april looks good . but april 23 rd is easter > sunday , so that may make it difficult for some people at enron > to be around . let me know if that is the case . i am willing to > visit then , because the week after that i am scheduled to be in > japan and in the previous weeks i am all committed on fridays . > > friday , 19 th of may is the next possibility , but this probably > is too far out . the main problem is that i am operating within > a window of opportunity for attracting top students for this > research . this window closes by the end of april , and it would be > important for the student support funds to be in place then , so > that i can make hard commitments to students and attract top > talent . i am already reviewing files of students who have > approached me for phd advising , and i am in a mode of doing " soft > commitments to star - level students " to get this research and its > potential on their radar screen . top students are highly sought > after by advisors and i want to be an early player in this > competition . > > does my visit to enron have to happen before we can set up the > project and student support at stanford ? if so , doing it before the > end of april is important for getting top people . if the visit can > happen after we get the ball rolling , then we can schedule it in may . > i assume there will be multiple visits both ways when the project gets > going . please let me know what you think . > > best regards , > > nick 
2	Subject: dates / info just wanted to keep you all posted on the latest and greatest . . . . . launch dates : bandwidth may 1 us pcg brazil ( power ) july 1 us pcg japan may 17 us pcg austria april 26 uk pcg australian coal q 2 / q 3 us pcg singapore may 8 uk pcg china tbd ? ? ? argentina july 1 us pcg auctions ( no dates yet , and not a lot of detail . . . ) : pipeline capacity reliable power coal pipeline imbalances plastics australian transmittal capacity generation capacity and . . . a few other things in the works : physical plastics ( a possible enron joint venture ) credit derivatives - possible stand alone site confirms generated through eol remote access ( e . g . palm pilot ) spreads options spreadsheet interfaces pipeline applications ( other non - enron pipes posting capacity on website ) autohedge so . . . . . looks like things are not going to slow down anytime soon ( in case you were thinking that they were ! ! ! ! ) let me know if you have any questions ! sheri 
2	Subject: md prc committee it has been decided to again expand the md prc committee beyond the policy committee members to include other mds . each of you has been chosen to participate in the mid - year md prc to take place on tuesday , july 24 . david oxley and his team will provide you with pertinent details of the meeting . please let jeff skilling know if you have a conflict or any concerns regarding your participation in this process . srs 
2	Subject: fw : real lady caught on video would you believe it ? bless  
2	Subject: meeting with russell i have spoke with tammie several times trying to get russell , you and i together prior to his departure . it has been my understanding that you are behind closed door meetings . i wanted him to give you his take on today ' s events . please respond if you can still meet . we are here on 32 and it is 6 : 09 p . m . hoping to catch you on your blackberry . laura 
2	Subject: now it ' s time to enjoy a fully functional intimate life ! take the pill and enjoy great sex if there is no worker involvement , there is no quality system . all that is human must retrograde if it does not advance . failure is defined by our reaction to it . nothing is so admirable in politics as a short memory . 
2	Subject: somebody nort 0 n 2 oo 4 . offlce 2 oo 3 , xp pro ; offlce xp , ado 0 be phot 0 shop music afraid difficult played burst particular stop . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from read we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    car whom benefit shut big control real recess fixed  
2	Subject: re : feedback monitor error - meter 984132 - 1 / 99 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary w lamphier / hou / ect on 08 / 22 / 2000 02 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - jackie young 08 / 22 / 2000 11 : 08 am to : karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron cc : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : feedback monitor error - meter 984132 - 1 / 99 karen , i ' ve looked in pops and on day 16 of january 1999 , i see a total confirmed volume of 61 , 365 and an actual of 62 , 151 . if i ' m understanding you correctly , you ' re asking me to allocate all of this volume to deal # 51862 . if so , that ' s incorrect . several deals are associated the this days volume . please write back or phone back with further details . thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 enron north america corp . from : karen lindley @ enron 08 / 21 / 2000 10 : 24 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : feedback monitor error - meter 984132 - 1 / 99 jackie , volume is allocating to deal number 51862 on 1 / 16 / 99 on meter 984132 , however the deal does not have this day on it . please have 1 / 16 added to the deal so the error will clear . thanks and if you need additional info , let me know . karen 
2	Subject: power pick on a torrid growth pace energy teiecom , inc ( otc : eytl ) offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way , intelligent , miniaturized , wireless personal teiecommunication eyeware systems . ( source : news december lo , 20 o 4 ) current price : $ . 03 adds advisors formerly with motoroia ( nyse : mot ) and harris corp ( nyse : hrs ) read below is eytl an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? please review exactiy what this company does . does it sound new and exciting to you ? watch this one trade . reasons to consider eytl : ( source : recent press reieases ) * energy telecom announces the appointment of henry l . pujo | as advisor - previously served as vice president and director of integrated electrics system sector , a division of motorola . mr . pujol aiso served as vice president of linkworks and was vice president of the paging products group at motoroia as we | | as the manager of research and engineering at martin marietta * energy teiecom announces appointment of herbert r . perkins to advisory board - was vice president of internationa | wireless saies for harris corporation ( nyse : hrs - news ) , the | argest broadcast transmitter suppiier in the worid for both radio and television . * energy teiecom announces plans to begin partnering patented eyewear technoiogy - ` ` firefighters , rescue workers and soldiers can now have real - time environmenta | information , inciuding temperature , gaseous content , and radiation levels , sent directly to their wireless , hands - freee eyewear . we also believe that the company ' s recent patent filing , for advanced systems and methods for enhanced eiectronic shape recognition , wiil also generate substantia | interest from the aforementioned manufacturers . ' ' * energy telecom announces new capabilities for its eyeware - now abie to play mp 3 files through its patented technology for eyeware . about eytl : us and foreign patents ( source : news : january 19 , 20 o 5 ) energy telecom holds united states and foreign patents designed to provide | eading gioba | manufacturers of wireless headsets , industrial eyewear and optical projection technology with the means of offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way wireless personal telecommunication eyewear systems . these systems are designed to be built into specialized eyewear worn by police , fire , rescue , miiitary and security personnel as we | | as those used by bio - hazardous , mining , construction and heavy manufacturing workers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materiaily from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wiil , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information avaiiabie about the company . other factors inciude a | imited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reliance on loans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nomina | cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company has two smail items in coliection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you couid lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties inciude , but are not limited to , the ability of the company to complete its business plan , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states a | | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose all your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings when availabie , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of seventeen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will seil at anytime without notice . this couid have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to | ose money . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily piaced in our | ist , piease go here ( - stoxo 016 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: password security notice for password renewals only it security & controls  ) password security notice passwords the key to maintaining information and system security is the use of well - selected and guarded passwords . because your password is our first line of defense , stronger password selection criteria will soon be implemented for all employees . password policy passwords  ( 1 . must be at least of eight characters in length . 2 . must not contain names , userids , common english dictionary words , and begin or end with a number . 3 . must contain alphanumeric characters and contain at least one special character . no more than fifty percent of the overall password can be in english . 4 . must not be reused or cyclical . 5 . must be changed every 60 days . 6 . must not be publicly displayed . 7 . must not be shared with other users . choosing a good password comes down to two things . first , avoid common everyday words a potential hacker  , s software will be looking for . second , keep your password simple enough that you can remember it without having to write it down . please keep in mind that the enron code of ethics holds employees responsible for password security . it security & controls conducts periodic audits to ensure compliance with company policy . for any problems encountered concerning password controls , please call your appropriate resolution center ( available : 24 hrs . / day , 7 days / week ) . 
2	Subject: greatest online tablets here downey abraham flipflop bilge utah aplomb bulb we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here blithe dragonfly fungi argon crimson bedside knobby crocus  
2	Subject: cohere handicraftsman hi , genierc and super viarga ( caiils ) available online ! most trusted online source ! cilais or ( spuer vagira ) takes affect right away lasts 24 - 36 hours ! for suepr vairga cilck here genierc virgaa costs 60 % less ! save a lot of $ . for vigara cilck here both products shipped discretely to your door not intreseted accident ethnic perfect pope fortnight exterior shaggy coil effloresce lobby exchequer immanent afforest infusion pictorial deuteron chevy endorse author ambulant auberge grown infallible gutenberg phylogeny rica bitt hologram arrear dreamboat konrad existential adventurous chalkline platonic crescent bitt gaussian mesa chicory shorthand cistern clutch anxiety inviolate barnes bidden cord boniface crawl inlaid excrete circumlocution actuarial hobbyhorse did lavoisier pristine bessemer abdominal bertie circumstance gentian gunflint guidance dreadnought flock dredge robbin rustle disciplinarian incomplete philanthropic raillery claremont gunderson awkward davis metabole afflict michel fosterite example sideman didactic call hurricane gagwriter cistern accompany grizzly hanoi harmony chromatography bini ruffle detergent nova shrubbery albright protectorate commissariat lindquist assemble defy asphyxiate cyclopean hydrophobic hyperbolic emmanuel implicit psychoanalytic dobbin peripheral grapevine earthy calisthenic concision plaster erotic belong lunary hoy ineffectual jo adler floc rebelled content handiwork shot armenia ruminant ideal cilia hypnosis impenetrable beech cameramen candy club buss banister intact indistinguishable extrinsic englewood hysterectomy chalet farina auntie ice contempt disciplinary flounce erda jinx preemption decipher dragon coin forgotten careful boyar lied despond hogan cushman farley civilian parapsychology chomp gustav impartial peritectic blur contradistinction efficacious essential blackburn erda schottky efficacy ministry hock contrary miocene addenda biblical cambric alton clio gloomy arch foible pertinent blank graphite benedikt prolusion mccabe grayson abramson descant hydroxyl haines feline rectifier cognate fiberboard boatmen simonson damascus beaumont backboard ditzel facilitate r ' s enthusiastic freight arduous pulley bedspring byline curt alveolus daisy external bourn persist gentle half amra darwinian chlorate finley parade capacitate durable elfin fulton cuddly monkey airmass calvinist donor it cipher honeydew explode mcgee deus hobbyhorse embellish dressmake 
2	Subject: [ downline member 9018209837 ] thanks for your email requesting this information : http : / / www . ispvip . biz / cp 450 / visit you won ' t regret it at all have a great time making money 
2	Subject: investsource research aierts for maximum capita | gains secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticals ! tota | shares issued many of you are already famiiiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade thursday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 004 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: the lure of the san network world fusion focus : amy larsen decarlo on storage in the enterprise today ' s focus : the lure of the san 03 / 14 / 00 dear wincenty kaminski , today ' s focus : the lure of the san by amy larsen decarlo e - business is changing how businesses value information . information has become a strategic asset that gives companies an edge over their market rivals . companies use intelligence to identify new markets and make contact with prospective customers . in this media - saturated era , information itself is packaged and sold as a product . this makes the ability to supply users with fast access to stored information on a continuous basis absolutely crucial . companies are clearly coming to a crossroads in their storage implementations . with estimates for internet storage capacity needs doubling every three months , it professionals are hungry for a scalable solution to help them consolidate control of stored information . they often look to storage - area networks ( san ) as a better option to manage their information storage systems than distributed models . today , most organizations rely on a distributed storage model that uses file servers to process i / o requests from end users and other application servers . in this model , all requests for data go through the file server that owns the attached storage disks , and only one file server can tap data on a particular disk via a scsi bus . this model has several shortcomings . first , the amount of data a server can access is restricted to the number of disks supported by the bus , which limits the capacity of a single file server . second , because the server processes each i / o request , it risks becoming a bottleneck . third , this server model carries some daunting availability limitations , because only one file server is allowed to access a set of disks . if that file server or any of its scsi connections fails , then users and other application servers lose access to the stored files . this model carries other major disadvantages . distributed file servers rely on the data transport network to run backup and recovery operations which can eat up bandwidth and slow normal network transmissions to a crawl . finally , this decentralized setup is difficult to manage from both a logical and a physical perspective . file server based storage systems are distributed throughout the enterprise , so it is often difficult to assess current and future capacity needs . and because these servers use a parallel cabling scheme to link the file server to the disk array , they can also be cumbersome to set up and manage . sans promise to mitigate the problems that plague conventional file servers , largely through consolidation of control . these specialized storage networks claim higher availability , faster performance , centralized management , and by their architecture , the capability to remove bandwidth - intensive data backup and recovery operations from the lan . this frees up the lan for normal data communications and ensures smoother back - up operations . using high - speed transports like fibre channel , sans offer a high - performance network optimized for moving storage data . sans also make way for new storage implementations like lan - free backup . and , because fibre channel can support distances of up to 10 kilometers , san devices can be widely distributed , but also centrally managed as one network . yet , as was the case with lans in their younger years , sans are still developing . vendors are still working out major product interoperability issues , while companies deploying san technology struggle with how to merge the very different worlds of storage and networks and manage both together . ultimately the hope is that , like lans , sans will develop into a mature and highly manageable solution that supplies substantial benefits at lower costs . given that storage deployment and ongoing support costs can total 10 times the acquisition price for the equipment , the consolidated management capabilities of a san may deliver the biggest benefit to business . to contact amy larsen decarlo : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - amy larsen decarlo is an analyst with enterprise management associates in boulder , colo . , ( http : / / www . . com ) , a leading analyst and market research firm focusing exclusively on all aspects of enterprise management . she focuses on storage management , application management , and security . in her position , she oversees market research and contributes to custom project work in her focal coverage areas . prior to joining ema , amy spent five years covering enterprise management for industry trade magazines , including informationweek and data communications . she can be reached at mailto : decarlo @ . com for related links - - click here for network world ' s home page : http : / / www . nwfusion . com storage networking industry association ( snia ) : http : / / www . snia . org fibre channel industry association ( fcia ) : http : / / www . fibrechannel . com scsi trade association ( sta ) http : / / www . scsita . org other storage - related articles from network world : legato primes storage resource mgmt , network world , 03 / 13 / 00 subscription services to subscribe or unsubscribe to any network world e - mail newsletters , go to : to change your email address , go to : subscription questions ? contact customer service by replying to this message . other questions / comments have editorial comments ? write jeff caruso , newsletter editor , at : mailto : jcaruso @ nww . com for advertising information , write jamie kalbach , account executive , at : mailto : jkalbach @ nww . com network world fusion is part of idg . net , the idg online network . it all starts here : http : / / www . idg . com copyright network world , inc . , 2000 
2	Subject: fw : project seabreeze - mike bilberry - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hilgert , chris sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 11 : 33 am to : mrha , jean subject : project seabreeze - mike bilberry importance : high jean , i talked with mike last night and i think that it would be beneficial if you sat down and talked with him about his expectations and try and get him an answer on his situation by the end of this week . he will be in this afternoon and will be available to talk with you . he has re - confirmed his faith you in that you will be able to go to bat appropriately for him and has avoided pushing it very much until now . he is looking for an answer by the end of this week if at all possible . i know that we cannot tie his compensation to future business that he may bring in through deals with aep . however , i strongly believe that taking care of him properly at this point in time will bear significant fruit for our p & l through 2001 . this may or may not be my place to transmit this to you , but i felt it was appropriate as i believe it will have a real impact to our business . i have developed a strong commercial relationship with mike and plan on continuing it after he leaves enron as he will be a good source for getting my group into deals . mike has been a strong commercial resource for enron over time , particularly in light of the fact that he has put his future role at aep on hold to get this deal done . he clearly has been an unselfish , integral commercial resource create significant value for enron on a very difficult , complex deal . nonetheless , i would talk to him this afternoon and try to get him taken care of this week to close the loop appropriately . i am preparing a closing celebration plan for your review later today . thanks , chris 
2	Subject: mustt have ! hello , welcome to pharmonl engorge ine sh playable op - one o oblation f the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops further v allure g contradictious al notebook ll scoter la homosexual ra unsigned cl i sputum sv interpellate a december um andmanyother . - sav summerset e over 50 % - worldwide shlppln prepay g - total confiden shrubbery tiaiity - over 5 miii splint ion customers in 130 countries h brumous ave a nice day ! 
2	Subject: urgent : ad and spyware consumer alert click here 
2	Subject: powerhouse stock lund , vcsc - get in now - will explode in next 2 weeks - this stock is red hot and is our # 1 pick for first quarter of 2005 breaking news : ( vcsc ) vocalscape announces license agreement and partnership with netfone services inc . get in vcsc now ! huge news for vcsc this issue will explode in next 2 - 5 days - big pr campaign underway watch out for it . jump on board . . stock expected to hit $ 2 by the end of the month ! ! speculative target price in 3 - 5 days : $ 0 . 75 - 0 . 96 speculative target price in 10 - 20 days : $ 2 . 00 microcap marketing play of the month for our investors is vocalscape , inc . vcsc vcsc vcsc huge news released - must read act now - vcsc vcsc vcsc vocalscape , inc . is an emerging developer of interactive communication software . the company has created software and interactive solutions revolving around global communications and data voice convergence . vocalscape focuses on adding to customer ' s website and customer support centers by integrating website solutions that enable real human assistance , live interaction services such as instant messaging , voice over the internet ( voip ) and interactive desktop solutions sharing solutions . as previously announced on august 20 , 2004 vocalscape has executed a letter of intent to acquire 100 % of ntelx , inc . the company has created software and interactive solutions revolving around global communications and data voice convergence . our strategy is to focus on voip communication solutions that bring a full range of communications software , and services together to solve business problems and add value to our customers . according to infonetics research ' s quarterly market share and forecast service , next gen voice products , worldwide next generation voice product revenue totaled 389 m in 2 q 2004 , up 10 percent from lq 2004 and up 21 percent year - over - year . annual revenue is projected to grow from $ 1 . 3 b in 2003 to $ 4 . 8 b in 2007 . speculative target price in 3 - 5 days : $ 0 . 75 - 0 . 96 speculative target price in 10 - 20 days : $ 2 . 00 news alert : katonah , n . y . , jan . 3 / prnewswire - firstcall / - - vocalscape inc . ( tm ) ( pink sheets : vcsc . pk ) , announces the company has entered into a licensing agreement with netfone services inc . to license vocalscape ' s proprietary eyefon , an award w i n ning voip soft phone and vocalscape ' s pre - paid calling card cluster solution . advertisement the terms of the agreement include a five year license of vocalscape ' s eyefon , revenue sharing from long distance revenue , netfone ' s agreement to distribute vocalscape ' s pre - paid calling card solution to other wholesale clients and carriers , and vocalscape ' s access to netfone ' s network services and other value - added products . in addition , vocalscape has agreed to provide network consulting services to support netfone ' s voip network . dr . rafeh hulays , netfone ' s president , when asked of the partnership , stated , we believe the vocalscape ' s prepaid calling card solution and eyefon is ahead of the competition . we especially like being able to offer a private label eyefon to our client base and we appreciate the scalability of the product . the partnership between our businesses is a perfect f i t : vocalscape is a poised to be a leader in voip applications and netfone is a leader voip service provider . this platform enables us to provide differentiated services into the market and develop services that can be marketed in the us and globally . vocalscape ' s president ron mcintyre says of the relationship the voip marketplace is developing and netfone team has had foresight in the very early stages to implement a voip network . together with netfone ' s experience and presence , this relationship should prove to be lucrative . read below before you invest : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of vcsc shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 11300 from third party to send this report .  
2	Subject: the fallout from enron : implications for gas and power markets - cera alert title : the fallout from enron : implications for gas and power markets url ( s ) : http : / / www . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 http : / / www . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 http : / / www . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 http : / / www . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 the collapse of the proposed enron / dynegy merger has sent a shock wave through the industry but does not threaten the effective functioning of wholesale gas and power markets in north america . major market participants have had more than a month to unwind positions with enron , and thus the overall exposure has been greatly reduced . * wholesale gas and power markets in north america continue to function effectively . there is no reason for the physical flow of gas or power to be impeded this winter . * liquidity for longer - term structured products has temporarily been reduced . others will move in to fill the gap , but this will take time . * enron ' s problems do not represent a critical blow to deregulating gas and power markets . we are sending this alert to global energy clients also because of enron ' s major role in the us gas and power markets . * * end * * follow above url to complete alert ( 2 printed pages ) . e - mail category : alert cera knowledge area ( s ) : western energy , global energy , north american gas , north american power ceraweek february 11 - 15 , 2002 - http : / / www . cera . com / ceraweek special offer : register on - line before november 30 th , and a 2 - day pass will be upgraded to a 4 - day pass ( maximum $ 1 , 800 value ) . day 1 : global oil / refined products ; day 2 : natural gas / global energy ; day 3 & 4 : electric power to make changes to your cera . com profile go to : http : / / www . cera . com / client / updateaccount forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: team meeting we ' ll have a 1 hour team meeting on tues 12 / 12 at 9 am . audrey is getting a room . let me know pls if you have a schedule conflict . agenda project updates eol strategy maybe prc update vacation schedule update etc . 
2	Subject: re : eprm conferences hi paul , ? thanks for the e - mail . sorry i missed your calls this morning but i was at the dentist , where its difficult to speak at the best of times ! ? i ' m sorry but it doesn ' t look like we will be able to commit to ? the eprm var conference . we are still a small company and the trip would tie us up for over a week . i ' m sure you ' ll understand that internally we just can ' t justify ? the two senior members of the company ? to be away on eprm business and to have to pay money from our own pocket ? to run this course for you . it was a difficult decision originally to ? offer our services at expenses only with no fee , but we did so for the potential opportunity to work some more with vince . ? good luck in your search for alternative course leaders . ? best regards . ? chris . ? ? dr chris strickland ? director , lacima group ltd www . lacimagroup . com ? school of finance and economics , university of technology , sydney financial options research centre , university of warwick , uk ? ? ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : paul bristow to : chris @ lacimagroup . com sent : thursday , february 22 , 2001 8 : 13 am subject : fw : eprm conferences hi chris , ? just an extra note regarding the course . if the reimbursements are suitable i would like to finalise the line - up asap ( vince and a european enron representative ) . if you were unable to participate i would need to offer alternative invitations by the end of this week . ? all the best , ? paul ? ? ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : paul bristow [ mailto : pbristow @ riskwaters . com ] sent : wednesday , february 21 , 2001 9 : 13 am to : ' chris strickland ' subject : re : eprm conferences hi chris , ? i ' ve been looking at the forward plan and the total budget for speaker expenses is 5500 pounds ( us keyboard , no pound sign ) . at current exchange rates this comes to a little over 15 , 000 australian dollars . i would be happy to cover your expenses up to this figure . ? the course is scheduled to run in amsterdam ( not london as originally planned ) and houston . the dates are slightly flexible ? to ? work with your travel schedules . for instance , would you prefer to travel to sydney - houston - amsterdam - sydney , or in the opposite direction ? ? if you could contact me to ? let me know if this would ? enable you to commit to the course , i would be delighted to forward the notes from the research . i would plan to then work on the outline until march lst . i look forward to speaking with you soon . ? best wishes , ? paul bristow ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : chris strickland [ mailto : chris @ lacimagroup . com ] sent : tuesday , february 06 , 2001 5 : 18 pm to : pbristow @ riskwaters . com subject : re : eprm conferences hi paul , ? bit of a busy morning here - i ' ll be out for about 1 . 5 hrs ( 9 . 15 sydney time ) . if we don ' t catch up today , i ' ll call tomorrow . ? chris . ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : paul bristow to : ' chris strickland ' sent : tuesday , february 06 , 2001 1 : 33 am subject : re : eprm conferences hi chris , ? i would like to confirm the dates of some of the forthcoming eprm events : ? effective var and stress testing techniques for the us energy industry . this event will run on the 21 & 22 may in london and the 28 & 29 may in houston . michele du berry ( director of conferences ) and i are looking at how we have structured the training courses and are keen to present a different outline than on previous courses . i would like to run this event with 2 - 3 trainers per venue , rather than with 7 - 8 as we have done in the past . if you and les clewlow would be interested in leading this course ( possible with vince kaminski ) i would be delighted to discuss the event in greater detail . ? energy & power risk management , europe . our largest annual european event is scheduled to between september 19 - 21 . victoria kerridge will be producing this event from the london office and will be starting research in two weeks . i am going to be providing her with a brief and will ensure that she has your contact details . ? i have also been finalizing the details for the annual energy & power risk management event in houston . this will take place on may 14 th & 15 th and is close to completion . i would be happy to provide you with more details , without potentially running the risk of overloading your schedule with a number of events in a short space of time ( var and eprm , houston ) . my priority is to secure trainers for our var course . ? if you would be interested in any of the events listed , i would be happy to talk with you this week . my direct line is 212 925 6990 , extension 225 . ? best wishes , ? paul bristow ? ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : chris strickland [ mailto : chris @ lacimagroup . com ] sent : sunday , january 28 , 2001 8 : 02 pm to : pbristow @ riskwaters . com subject : eprm conferences hi paul , ? just a note so that you have my address . do you have dates for the us and european conferences yet ? i ' m sure that we can arrange other work at the same time to offset the expenses of speaking at these events if you want us to participate . ? you also mentioned a training course on var and the energy area . we had an eprm article last year with vince on a comparison of the different techniques on a trial portfolio that might form the basis of something useful . anyway , let me know . ? best regards . ? chris . ? ? ? ? 
2	Subject: archiving unsubscribed capacity i spoke with perry frazier this afternoon . i have a copy in my file of the unsubscribed capacity on our ebb prior to the sale of tw space to mavrix and a copy of the sheet post - mavrix [ yes the space was posted ] . perry is printing the capacity sheets daily ( sometimes ) . as a backup , michelle lokay will also do a daily print for years 2001 , 2002 , and 2003 . the pages will be kept in a log book on the tw marketing desk for future reference . let me know if you have questions . thanks kh 
2	Subject: sunday alpha male plus , the only multiple orgasm supplement for men ! prevent premature ejaculat?on , become the ultimate sex machine . multiple orgasms with no erection loss ! your easy - to - use solution is here : http : / / whiop . biz / alpha / ? utopia - - - - - link below is for that people who dislike adv . . . . . http : / / whiop . biz / alpha / o . html  
2	Subject: reliant tigers interested in enron vince : below , please find 2 names of wharton students who are interested in internships this summer . thanks , donna - - - - - original message - - - - - from : chen , vincent [ mailto : chenvinc @ wharton . upenn . edu ] sent : sunday , february 04 , 2001 11 : 24 pm to : ' fap ' subject : re : call from enron donna , i had also passed along the resumes of two reliant energy tiger team members , david gershenson and james iker , who were both interested in working for enron this summer . i had spoken to vince about these candidates when we were in houston , and he said he would arrange internships for them as well . he should already have copies of their resumes and cover letters . please let me know if you have any questions or need clarification . thanks ! ! vincent - - - - - - - - end of unsent message 
2	Subject: new contact for devon please note that i will be leaving enron as of march 23 , 2001 . please send future e - mails regarding devon changes to kathy kelly and clarissa garcia , as well as the schedulers that you are already sending changes too . they will coordinate all future devon inquiries and changes . if there are questions before then , please call me at 713 - 853 - 6357 thanks , beverly beaty 
2	Subject: zero path termination in path manager matt / ben : i am responding to your request for comments on revising path manager by expanding the parameters of the path termination process to include zero volume paths on the last day of the month as a way to speed up unify response and retrieve times . based on my interviews of various desks including aep and calgary and our recent discussions , we find a legitimate business need to allow zero volume paths to roll from month to month ( requirements contracts on wellhead gas ) . following is a recap of what is proposed to be done regarding zero path termination . 1 . all paths that are zero on the last day of a month ( exception noted in # 2 below ) will terminate on that day and will no longer roll into the following month . this path termination out function will run every night . any paths changed to zero retroactively will zero out future month ' s paths unless a volume is on that path in the future month . 2 . zero paths marked as " always send nominations " will continue to roll from month to month until changed to some other nomination option . it appears that hpl ( 736 paths ) and nigas ( 1136 paths ) might have some paths rolling that no longer need to . a special one time handling of these paths will be coordinated with the scheduler when you are ready . 3 . zero paths which roll from month to month using the " volume management - do not send " function will cease to do so . this was agree to by patti in regards to paths for oba tracking . all : please respond via e - mail with any comments . richard x 37339 
2	Subject: paliourg get the doctors time 4 freee super viagra - cialis is here dubbed " the weekend pill " available factory direct at a fraction of the cost * longer life up to 36 hours compared to 4 hours for viagra * acts faster from as little as 15 minutes compared to 60 minutes for viagra * best sex ever solid erection and only whenever you need it . with cialis you are in control " cialis works in 15 minutes and lasts for 36 hours giving you strong healthy erections whenever you want or need them ! " securely and discreetly online . avoid the embarrassment of waiting in doctor ' s office shop here for cialis or buy viagra at 60 % off shop here for viagra remove sketch aloud avail clang brainchild else fusiform offshore ali adroit calculate lithic proximity aficionado group male productivity omaha lilian charleston insure haugen oligarchy habit magnificent atlantica diatom prescriptive anthony capitulate musk dugout dusenbury blat conductance jacobian frantic voluble candelabra stealth custom halfway filled huxley notoriety incompletion messy typhon evans norwalk edgerton scotia william codon blizzard heretofore penny saloon anorexia eyepiece madeira upon vee bobbie tremble cardiff canteen allusion occlude morrill infallible wherever fort extradite begging apologia twit squishy dishwasher blather buttock beauty bandy bullfrog amalgam worthington duffel scold thyronine chungking blonde betelgeuse drone courageous cola oxford solitude custer neapolitan revival airman sleigh profusion cadet orthodontist emmett cicada deduct wednesday edmund ditch flea oppression hollister inconvenient cotty gaiety bread zurich impolitic affectate congressional 
2	Subject: summer internship at enron jana : vince kaminski is interested in taking kyriakos frantzeskakis into his group as a summer associate . once you have finalized your staffing , please confirm with vince kaminski the placement status . thanks , celeste - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by celeste roberts / hou / ect on 03 / 12 / 2001 11 : 14 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 03 / 12 / 2001 11 : 08 am to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron subject : summer internship at enron celeste , we shall be happy to take him as an intern ( summer asociate ) . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 12 / 2001 11 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin kindall @ enron 03 / 12 / 2001 09 : 27 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect subject : summer internship at enron - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 03 / 12 / 2001 09 : 26 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kf 2 @ andrew . cmu . edu on 03 / 12 / 2001 09 : 15 : 09 am please respond to to : cc : subject : summer internship at enron dear kevin , following my interviews at gsia on february 15 / 16 , i will join enron as a summer associate this may . i would be very excited to join the research team , if possible . thank you in advance , kyriakos frantzeskakis 
2	Subject: eastrans nomination for 6 / 01 / 01 first of the month nomination for june 2001 : deliveries into eastrans from hpl will be 20 , 000 mmbtu / dy . the redeliveries will be 17 , 000 mmbtu / dy from fuels cotton valley and 3 , 000 mmbtu / dy into the cartwheel . 
2	Subject: the next investment should be this stock rocket stocks newsletter u r g e n t i n v e s t o r a l e r t vnbl stock expected to explode ! ! ! vinoble is the next hot play in homeland security symbol : vnbl . ob current price : $ o . 1 o short term target price : $ o . 50 12 month target price : $ 4 . oo deserves your immediate attention ! ! ! the company just bottomed at $ 0 . o 6 and we believe in the next 1 to 2 weeks this stock will go back to at least $ o . 40 c o m p a n y o v e r v i e w vinoble , inc . ( vnbl . ob ) is a holding company , which is identifying and acquiring operational business opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services to provide long term growth for its shareholders . vinoble believes that the opportunity to build a successful business in the security sector is unprecedented . the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2001 have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , healthcare and government sectors . while the focus for vinoble is on north america , the opportunity for security services is worldwide . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2 oo 5 . vinoble intends to capitalize on the dramatic growth in the security market by delivering professional services , security products , security training , and managed security services . in pursuit of this objective , vinoble has assembled a highly qualified team of security professionals offering a full range of security services . through vinoble ' s consulting services and integrated delivery solutions , vinoble will help organizations protect key assets including persons , property , information , brand , and reputation . homeland security , the national strategy for a secure cyberspace , the healthcare insurance portability and accountability act ( hipaa ) , sarbanes - oxley and other regulatory programs will all cause a continued increase in security demands in the united states and abroad . vinoble intends to position itself as the ' most desired ' provider of , both , physical and information security solutions - in the eyes of our clients , alliance partners , and peers . we will accomplish this by ensuring our teams are the most knowledgeable , agile , professional , and cost - conscious provider of ' tailored ' security solutions to meet the unique needs of each client . management has partnered with garcyco capital corp . ( " gccc " ) to assist in finding acquisition candidates for the company , structuring such acquisitions , and effecting a transition to corporate growth . at present , vinoble and gccc have targeted several companies as potential acquisition candidates . pending the outcome of due diligence and audits , the company believes the acquisition of these assets will provide the basis required for listing on a national exchange . here is recent news on the company : malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - may 2 o , 20 o 5 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify long - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services , is pleased to announce that as it continues in its efforts to reach definitive agreements on the acquisition of assets , businesses , and strategic partners in the rfid and gps tracking sector , vinoble has further engaged with several additional businesses and individuals for the purpose of acquiring technology , software , and patents . following the move to acquire rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology , hardware and patents for the sole purpose of specific use applications , the company has concluded that the need for application support software or middleware is part of the fundamental component of the framework which operates such technology . the company has identified several sources for both licensing and the acquisition of such software , and has begun to pursue discussions to access this important element . middleware is used primarily to link disparate applications , both internally and externally , to the enterprise . this typically involves routing data using different transport protocols , translating data into different formats and providing a suitable means of integration such as web services and service - oriented architectures . since rfid is an integral part in the tracking of both mobile and non - mobile assets , user - friendly and efficient management software enabling customers to manage rfid data both incoming and out - bound is important in maintaining customer loyalty and reduces costs associated with customer service . management software will allow for real time visibility of assets or product inventory , whether in transit , in a warehouse , at the manufacturing plant , or on a store shelf . visibility and accuracy will enable customers to reduce handling costs , gain instant access to shipment information and increase inventory flow throughout the supply chain . the ability to manage data collection from a number of different rfid and gps devices is essential for proper efficiency of the system . the company believes that such acquisition of middleware technology will be essential and will further position vinoble in the vastly growing rfid and gps tracking industry . the company ' s goal is to provide critical security services at a cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of their personnel and assets in this current state of constant threat . safe harbor statement : this press release contains forward - looking statements as defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 ( the " act " ) . in particular , when used in the preceding discussion , the words " plan , " " confident that , " " believe , " " scheduled , " " expect , " or " intend to , " and similar conditional expressions are intended to identify forward - looking statements within the meaning of the act and are subject to the safe harbor created by the act . such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties , and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in any forward - looking statement . such risks and uncertainties include , but are not limited to , the ability of vinoble to complete the proposed acquisition ( s ) , the results of vinoble ' s due diligence review of the candidate ( s ) , the success of the business of the acquisition candidate ( s ) , including the ability of vinoble to continue to sell the applicable products and the acceptance of those newly designed products by the market , market conditions , the general acceptance of the company ' s products and technologies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks described in the company ' s sec reports and filings . the closing of the transaction will be subject to complete due diligence , inspections , and completion of audited financial statements in accordance to gaap as required by the sec prior to consummation . we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ o . 5 o we believe the speculative long term target price - $ 4 . 0 o we feel this is our best pick since december of 20 o 4 ! ! please watch this one trade wednesday ! disclaimer : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands  or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , please mail to news _ letl @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: all prescriptions are dispensed by licensed pharmacists enjoy great sex by taking viagra ! become a fixer , not just a fixture . reform , v . a thing that mostly satisfies reformers opposed to reformation . friends may come and go , but enemies accumulate . 
2	Subject: cheap oem soft shipping worldwide . . . alikanida looking for not expensive high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 45 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 40 microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . . $ 40 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 40 and lots more . . . remove   
2	Subject: popular software at low low prices . freckled color isomorphisms bracketing forbidden above increase kinetic burglarproofed spying lending approvals dictators diversifying exploded trencher numbly surgically dropout hydrodynamics wreathed thracian proprietors stammering toughest peroxide glover gushing lilac seamed sergeant belle destination curtate bounce zeus christians diameter astutely league  
2	Subject: paliourg get vicodin here now . . . you need vicodin . you get it here . no need to wait any longer ! it is your unique chance to save on the medications up to 80 % . it is not just about saving . it is about boosting your health . continent sundown challenge today ' ll bluebird attend omniscient welles alpine arbitrage stanton apostate atrocity gangplank blast breastplate restitution signor caryatid gag casual allemand filtrate amity asiatic coverall headache arsenide truce ascent downstream architect advise began beribbon hardtack optoisolate newcastle chuff reason sideband towhead insufficient quart scottish amanuensis betrayer duane equipping phoebe rhythm fusty raspberry wattage adult flash stormbound belmont doubt saguaro standard lass polyploidy bobolink cenozoic deflector allen sylvia bluish riyadh bryn division blurb believe cowbell apollonian chubby strive cannel mcgee mrs payne taipei balcony downstream 
2	Subject: mexican co . louise : regarding the potential for enron to work on another vitro type project , the attached email gives the name of the company with whom we were discussing the turbine sale . we are trying to find out more information on the project and will forward that to you as we receive it . if you would like me to deal with someone directly in mexico , please let me know who that should be . we are also working with maria elena garcia to develop potential customers in mexico for a straight turbine sale . she has indicated that she believes there may be some additional potential for cogen applications with these units . thanks , brett - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brett r wiggs / sa / enron on 10 / 19 / 2001 12 : 45 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - diego hollweck 10 / 19 / 2001 11 : 10 am to : brett r wiggs / sa / enron @ enron cc : guillermo atenor / sa / enron @ enron subject : mexican co . brett , the name of the mexican company is energia industrial rio colorado sa de cv . the company is located in the mexican state of sonora ( mexico ) , near to the us border . the project was originally projected to deliver power inside the fence ( co - generation ) and to the us ( california ) . i left a voice mail with the broker . i ' ll keep you updated on any news i may have . diego 
2	Subject: have a nice day want cheap vlagra , clal 1 s and other meds ? most charge vl 5 - 19 ea we just charge k 2 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - special wholesale price ! delivered to all countries ! no embarasing doctors visits ! so look here and save ! http : / / curdle . net / ? yol 23 world wide dellvery ! ottapm 
2	Subject: re : mec mark , one option is to talk to a number of physicists in my group who might be interested . vince enron investment partners from : mark lay 07 / 26 / 2000 07 : 57 am to : rex shelby / enron communications @ enron communications , steven j kean / hou / ees @ ees , mike mcconnell , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect cc : kenneth lay / corp / enron @ enron , fabricio soares / hou / ect @ ect subject : mec thank you for participating in yesterday ' s meeting . we spoke with harvey and jim after the meeting and they took to speed to market comments to heart . there is an opportunity for enron to participate with mec in the early development of their company , but it seems the one thing they want is the one thing we also want , people . i would appreciate your thoughts and comments on the possiblity of creating a small team that could work directly with mec as part of a potential investment and strategic relationship . given our resource constraints , this would most likely be part of the organization that sees the greatest strategic impact from mec ' s development . mark x 37408 
2	Subject: make over $ 100 , 000 a year ! make over $ 100 , 000 a year ! dear friend : as seen on national tv : ' ' making over one hundred thousand dollars every 7 to 12 months from your home for an investment of only $ 30 u . s . dollars expense one time ' ' thanks to the computer age and the internet ! be a millionaire like others within a year ! ! before you say ' ' bull ' ' , please read the following . this is the letter you have been hearing about on the news lately . due to the popularity of this letter on the internet , a national weekly news program recently devoted an entire show to the investigation of this program described below , to see if it really can make people money . the show also investigated whether or not the program was legal . their findings proved once and for all that there are ' ' absolutely no laws prohibiting the participation in the program and if people can follow the simple instructions , they are bound to make some mega bucks with only $ 30 out of pocket cost ' ' . due to the recent increase of popularity & respect this program has attained , it is currently working better than ever . this is what one had to say : ' ' thanks to this profitable opportunity . i was approached many times before but each time i passed on it . i am so glad i finally joined just to see what one could expect in return for the minimal effort and money required . to my astonishment , i received total $ 61 , 470 . 00 in 21 weeks , with money still coming in ' ' . pam hedland , fort lee , new jersey . here is another testimonial : ' ' this program has been around for a long time but i never believed in it . but one day when i received this again in the mail i decided to gamble my $ 30 on it . i followed the simple instructions and walaa . . . . . 3 weeks later the money started to come in . first month i only made $ 240 . 00 but the next 2 months after that i made a total of $ 29 , 000 . 00 . so far , in the past 8 months by re - entering the program , i have made over $ 71 , 000 . 00 and i am playing it again . the key to success in this program is to follow the simple steps and not change anything . ' ' more testimonials later but first , * * * print this now for your future reference * * * if you would like to make at least $ 100 , 000 every 7 to 12 months easily and comfortably , please read the following . . . then read it again and again ! ! ! follow the simple instruction below and your financial dreams will come true , guaranteed ! instructions : * * * * order all 3 reports shown on the list below . * * * * for each report , send $ 10 cash , the name & number of the report you are ordering and your e - mail address to the person whose name appears on that list next to the report . make sure your return address is on your envelope top left corner in case of any mail problems . * * * * when you place your order , make sure you order each of the 3 reports . you will need all 3 reports so that you can save them on your computer and resell them . your total cost $ 10 x 3  $ 30 . 00 . * * * * within a few days you will receive , vie e - mail , each of the 3 reports from these 3 different individuals . save them on your computer so they will be accessible for you to send to the 1 , 000 ' s of people who will order them from you . also make a floppy of these reports and keep it on your desk in case something happen to your computer . * * * * . important - do not alter the names of the people who are listed next to each report , or their sequence on the list , in any way other than what is instructed below in step ' ' 1 through 4 ' ' or you will loose out on majority of your profits . once you understand the way this works , you will also see how it does not work if you change it . remember , this method has been tested , and if you alter , it will not work ! ! ! people have tried to put their friends / relatives names on all three thinking they could get all the money . but it does not work this way . believe us , we all have tried to be greedy and then nothing happened . so do not try to change anything other than what is instructed . because if you do , it will not work for you . remember , honesty reaps the reward ! ! ! 1 . . after you have ordered all 3 reports , take this advertisement and remove the name & address of the person in report # 3 . this person has made it through the cycle and is no doubt counting their fortune . 2 . . . . move the name & address in report # 2 down to report # 3 . 3 . . . . move the name & address in report # 1 down to report # 2 . 4 . . . . insert your name & address in the report # 1 position . please make sure you copy every name & address accurately ! take this entire letter , with the modified list of names , and save it on your computer . do not make any other changes . save this on a disk as well just in case if you loose any data . to assist you with marketing your business on the internet , the 3 reports you purchase will provide you with invaluable marketing information which includes how to send bulk e - mails legally , where to find thousands of free classified ads and much more . there are 2 primary methods to get this venture going : method # 1 : by sending bulk e - mail legally let ' s say that you decide to start small , just to see how it goes , and we will assume you and those involved send out only 10 , 000 e - mails each . let ' s also assume that the mailing receive only a 0 . 2 % response ( the response could be much better but lets just say it is only 0 . 2 % . also many people will send out hundreds of thousands e - mails instead of only 10 , 000 each ) . continuing with this example , you send out only 10 , 000 e - mails . with a 0 . 2 % response , that is only 20 orders for report # 1 . those 20 people responded by sending out 10 , 000 e - mail each for a total of 200 , 000 . out of those 200 , 000 e - mails only 0 . 2 % responded with orders . that ' s  400 people responded and ordered report # 2 . those 400 people mail out 10 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 4 million e - mails sent out . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 8000 orders for report # 3 . that ' s 8 , 000 orders times $ 10 each  $ 80 , 000 . 00 . your total income in this example is : 1 . . . . . $ 200 + 2 . . . . . $ 4 , 000 + 3 . . . . . $ 80 , 000 + . . . . . . . . grand total  $ 84 , 200 . 00 numbers do not lie . get a pencil & paper and figure out he worst possible responses and no matter how you calculate it , you will still make a lot of money ! remember friend , this is assuming only 20 people ordering out of 10 , 000 you mailed to . dare to think for a moment what would happen if everyone , or half or even one 4 th of those people mailed 100 , 000 e - mails each or more ? there are over 150 million people on the internet worldwide and counting . believe me , many people will do just that , and more ! method # 2 : by placing free ads on the internet advertising on the net is very very inexpensive and there are hundreds of free places to advertise . placing a lot of free ads on the internet will easily get a larger response . we strongly suggest you start with method # 1 and add method # 2 as you go along . for every $ 10 you receive , all you must do is e - mail them the report they ordered . that ' s it . always provide same day service on all orders . this will guarantee that the e - mail they send out , with your name and address on it , will be prompt because they can not advertise until they receive the report . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ available reports _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ order each report by its number & name only . notes : always send $ 10 cash ( u . s . currency ) for each report . checks not accepted . make sure the cash is concealed by wrapping it in at least 2 sheets of paper . on one of those sheets of paper . write the number & the name of the report you are ordering , your e - mail address and your name and postal address . place your order for these reports now : report # 1 : " the insider ' s guide to advertising for free on the net " order report # 1 from : anthony henry 1374 utah street san francisco , ca 94110 usa report # 2 : " the insider ' s guide to sending bulk e - mail on the net " get a free bonus report : " how to become a millionaire utilizing mlm & the net " order report # 2 and get your free report from : ivan viaz 2119 n meade chicago , il 60639 usa report # 3 : " the secret to multilevel marketing on the net " get a free bonus report : " how to send 1 million e - mails for free " order report # 3 and get your free report from : renee nunez 4931 w hutchinson st chicago , il 60641 usa $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ your success guidelines $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ follow these guidelines to guarantee your success : if you do not receive at least 20 orders for report # 1 within 2 weeks , continue sending e - mails until you do . after you have received 20 orders , 2 to 3 weeks after that you should receive 200 orders or more for report # 2 . if you did not , continue advertising or sending e - mails until you do . once you have received 200 or more orders for report # 2 , you can relax , because the system is already working for you , and the cash will continue to roll in ! this is important to remember : every time your name is moved down on the list , you are placed in front of a different report . you can keep track of your progress by watching which report people are ordering from you . if you want to generate more income send another batch of e - mail sand start the whole process again . there is no limit to the income you can generate from this business ! ! ! following is a note from the originator of this program : " you have just received information that can give you financial freedom for the rest of your life , with no risk and just a little bit of effort . you can make more money in the next few weeks and months than you have ever imagined . follow the program exactly as instructed . do not change it in any way . it works exceedingly well as it is now . remember to e - mail a copy of this exciting report after you have put your name and address in report # 1 and moved others to # 2 . . . . . . . . . . . # 3 as instructed above . one of the people you send this to may send out 100 , 000 or more e - mails and your name will be on everyone of them . remember though , the more you send out the more potential customers you will reach . so my friend , i have given you the ideas , information , materials and opportunity to become financially independent . it is up to you now ! * * * * * * * * * * * * * * more testimonials * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ' ' my name is mitchell . my wife , jody and i live in chicago . i am an accountant with a major u . s . corporation and i make pretty good money . when i received this program i grumbled to jody about receiving ' ' junk mail ' ' . i made fun of the whole thing , spouting my knowledge of the population and percentages involved . i ' ' knew ' ' it wouldn ' t work . jody totally ignored my supposed intelligence and few days later she jumped in with both feet . i made merciless fun of her , and was ready to lay the old ' ' i told you so ' ' on her when the thing didn ' t work . well , the laugh was on me ! within 3 weeks she had received 50 responses . within the next 45 days she had received a total of $ 47 , 200 . 00 all cash ! i was shocked . i have joined jody in her ' ' hobby ' ' . mitchell wolf , m . d . , chicago , illinois ' ' not being the gambling type , it took me several weeks to make up my mind to participate in this plan . but conservative that i am , i decided that the initial investment was so little that there was just no way that i wouldn ' t get enough orders to at least get my money back . i was surprised when i found my medium size post office box crammed with orders . i made $ 75 , 210 . 00 in the first 12 weeks . the nice thing about this deal is that it does not matter where people live . there simply isn ' t a better investment with a faster return and so big ' ' . dan sondstrom , alberta , canada ' ' i had received this program before . i deleted it , but later i wondered if i should have given it a try . of course , i had no idea who to contact to get another copy , so i had to wait until i was e - mailed again by someone else . . . . . . . . . 11 months passed then it luckily came again . . . . . . i did not delete this one ! i made more than $ 90 , 000 on my first try and all the money came within 24 weeks ' ' . susan de suza , new york , n . y . ' ' it really is a great opportunity to make relatively easy money with little cost to you . i followed the simple instructions carefully and within 10 days the money started to come in . my first month i made $ 20 , 560 . 00 and by the end of fifth month my total cash count was $ 62 , 840 . 00 . life is beautiful , thanx to internet ' ' . fred dellaca , westport , new zealand order your reports today and get your free bonus get started on your road to financial freedom ! if you have any questions of the legality of this program , contact the office of associate director for marketing practices , federal trade commission , bureau of consumer protection , washington , d . c . one time mailing , no need to remove this message is sent in compliance of the proposed bill section 301 , per section 301 , paragraph ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) of s . 1618 . further transmission to you by the sender of this e - mail may be stopped at no cost to you by sending a reply to : refymove @ yahoo . com with the word remove in the subject line . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the end - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
2	Subject: dome camera for your security system tk - cm 6619 usd : 28 . 00 image sensor : 1 / 4 " sharp colour ccd picture element : 582 ( h ) x 512 ( v ) : pal scanning system : 2 : 1 interlace horizontal resolution : 420 tvl minimum illuminance : 0 lux synchronizing system : internal synchronization s / n ratio : > 46 db gamma : 0 . 45 auto gain control : on / off auto electronic shutter : 1 / 50 ~ 1 / 10 , 000 sec . on / off back light compensation : on / off video output : 1 . 0 vp - p 75 ohm lens mount : c / cs auto iris : video power supply : dcl 2 v power consumption : 140 ma ( max . 500 ma ) operating temperature : - 10 ? ? ~ + 50 ? ? dimensions : 118 ( d ) x 75 ( h ) mm dimensions : | ¦ ìl 00 xl 10 mm tk - cd 6588 usd : 25 . 00 image sensor : 1 / 4 " sharp colour ccd picture element : 582 ( h ) x 512 ( v ) : pal scanning system : 2 : 1 interlace horizontal resolution : 420 tvl minimum illuminance : 1 . 0 lux synchronizing system : internal synchronization s / n ratio : > 46 db gamma : 0 . 45 auto gain control : on / off auto electronic shutter : 1 / 50 ~ 1 / 10 , 000 sec . on / off back light compensation : on / off video output : 1 . 0 vp - p 75 ohm lens mount : c / cs auto iris : video power supply : dcl 2 v power consumption : 140 ma ( max . 500 ma ) operating temperature : - 10 ? ? ~ + 50 ? ? dimensions : 118 ( d ) x 75 ( h ) mm dimensions : | ¦ ìl 00 xl 10 mm shenzhen tokia electronics co . , ltd add : room 303 , 15 # hengling industrial park longhua city , , shenzhen , china . mobile : + 008613827465766 http : / / www . cctvcameras . cn e - mail : sales @ cctvcameras . cn jammewu @ yahoo . com . cn msn : jammewu @ hotmail . com skype : jammewu market department : jamme wu 
2	Subject: commissioner wood looks at retroactive charges / termination commissioner wood has issued extensive questions on direct access , continuing his harassment of esps . he raises the issues of moving the termination date back from september 20 and supposed cost shifting . he also asks for copies of contracts with customers and extensive information about those contracts . comments are due nov 2 with replies due nov 8 . we plan to respond aggressively through our coalition , alliance for retail energy markets ( arem ) . we will not be providing any contract information . 
2	Subject: re : ebs var transaction policy that would be great . b . vince j kaminski @ ect 06 / 29 / 00 10 : 27 am to : barry pearce / enron communications @ enron communications cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : ebs var transaction policy barry , stinson forwarded your message to me . i am meeting ted murphy today and i shall bring it up with him . we have unit at research ( tanya tamarchenko , reporting to grant mason ) who is responsible for v @ r support . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 06 / 29 / 2000 10 : 28 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - stinson gibner 06 / 29 / 2000 09 : 55 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : ebs var transaction policy fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 06 / 29 / 2000 09 : 54 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - barry pearce @ enron communications 06 / 29 / 2000 09 : 09 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect cc : lou casari / enron communications @ enron communications , john echols / enron communications @ enron communications , jim fallon / enron communications @ enron communications subject : ebs var transaction policy hey you guys , we are trying to implement a ' var transaction ' policy - and would like your opinion . this is going to be tough - because i ' m not sure we have implemented a similiar policy across any of our other ' books ' - that is - we looking to bring in all the accrual / operational assets as well as the mtm stuff ( lambdas ) . to have a real - live ' configuration ' of the system . if assets / routes / servers etc . . . are added - what is the impact on the ' value ' of the system and what it ' s worth . john has attached a draft below - for your review and thoughts . i can see how this works in a trading environment - when you actually know the var of your whole trading portfolio . however - i ' ve not seen this done with a mixture of mtm & accrual assets . add the spice of a ' operational system ' valuation - and this will be tough to quantify and model . step 1 - configure system and value it step 2 - calculate a var on this . we will need to do some work here ! step 3 - calculate the incremental var of new deals / amendements / reconfigs etc - tough . . . . see what you think ? b . john echols 06 / 28 / 00 05 : 41 pm to : jim fallon / enron communications @ enron communications , barry pearce / enron communications @ enron communications , lou casari / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : policies here is a first rough draft of a " value @ risk " transaction policy . i would like you to start looking at where we are going on the policy and get some early thinking going on limits for the v @ r . for example , should we effectively shut down all server relocations without approval , or allow some level of mb of storage to be moved around or reconfigured ? i need some commercial and industry realism for this . we may need rick paiste or your industry helpers ( marquardt , etc . to help us ) . barry , lou , i need your input . 
2	Subject: fw : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : slone , jeanie sent : tuesday , december 11 , 2001 8 : 36 am to : lavorato , john subject : fw : - - - - - original message - - - - - from : slone , jeanie sent : monday , november 26 , 2001 11 : 03 am to : butler , pam cc : oxley , david subject : 
2	Subject: use the funds for the less priveledge from : mrs mary jones of kuwait re : use the funds for the less priveledge email : mary _ jones 4932 @ web . de i am the above named person from kuwait . i am married to dr . harry jones who worked with kuwait embassy in ivory coast for nine years before he died in the year 2000 . we were married for eleven years without a child . he died after a brief illness that lasted for only four days . before his death we were both born again christians . since his death i decided not to re - marry or get a child outside my matrimonial home . when my late husband was alive he deposited the sum of $ 8 . 6 million ( eight million six hundred thousand u . s . dollars ) with a finance / security company in europe . presently , this money is still with the security company and the management has written me as the beneficiary to come forward to receive the trunk box of money or rather issue a letter of authorisation to somebody to receive it on my behalf if i can not come over . presently , i ' m in a hospital where i have been undergoing treatment for oesophageal cancer . i have since lost my ability to talk and my doctors have told me that i might not be able to survive this illness from all indications . it is my last wish to see this money distributed to victims of hiv / aids , charities donations , orphans and other needy persons in your country . because relatives and friends have plundered so much of my wealth since my illness , i cannot live with the agony of entrusting this huge responsibility to any of them anymore . i beg you in the name of god to help me collect the deposit and the interest accrued from the company and distribute it accordingly . i want a person that is god fearing that will use this money to assist and utilise for orphanages and widows propagating the word of god and to ensure that the house of god is maintained . the bible made us to understand that blessed is the hand that giveth . i took this decision because i don ' t have any child that will inherit this money and my husband relatives are not beleivers and i don ' t want my husband ' s hard earned money to be misused by unbelievers . i don ' t want a situation where this money will be used in an ungodly manner . hence the reason for taking this bold decision . i am not afraid of death hence i know where i am going . i know that i am going to be in the bosom of the lord . exodus 14 vs 14 says that the lord will fight my case and i shall hold my peace . i will not be able to use the telephone communication in this regard because of my soundless voice and the presence of my husband ' s relatives around me always . i don ' t want them to know about this development . with god all things are possible . as soon as i receive your reply i shall give you the contact of the finance / security company . i will also issue you a letter of authority that will prove you as the new beneficiary of this fund . i want you and your fellow believers to always pray for me because the lord is my shephard . my happiness is that i lived a life of a worthy christian . however that wants to serve the lord must serve him in spirit and truth . please always be prayerful all through your life . any delay in your reply will give me room in sourcing for another person for this same purpose . please assure me that you will act accordingly as i stated herein . hoping to hearing from you soon . mrs mary jones . you should send a reply mail to my private mail box : mary _ jones 4932 @ web . de * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * mail from www . game - stats . be we care about gaming * * * * * * * * * * cause you are a registered user of one of our sites we are alowed to mail you news from our pages * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * signed of @ admin . game - stats . be system . game - stats . be anti - virus . game - stats . be anti - hack . game - stats . be anti - worm . game - stats . be anti - spam . game - stats . be anti - flood . game - stats . be security . game - stats . be 
2	Subject: an invitation from lisa @ freightmart . com to be removed from any future offers , simply click here ! for more info , click here ! http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: autocad 2005 - $ 69 . 95 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional - $ 44 . 95 microsoft autoroute 2005 dvd uk - $ 19 . 95 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 - $ 19 . 95 adobe creative suite cs ce premium edition - $ 99 and much more . . . . . at http : / / replacesoft . com / ? a  3331 with fr e e e bonus . 
2	Subject: re : i need a shelter goodbye adulthood mohawkerror emaciate unchristiansince vendible corticaladoption ductwork skinnyeat creep deletevertical spyglass cedricmac bathe crave avalancheinexorable airedale blunderhasten 
2	Subject: re : programming for rdi model michelle , i ' ve just met with cecil and christin . we have divided the code into 3 parts , and cecil ' s looking at the first part . cecil , helen and i will meet again tomorrow morning to go through the logic of the other two parts . since cecil is devoted completely to this project , once he starts coding , it should not take too long . best , alex 
2	Subject: calpine my cellular phone number is 713 - 562 - 2050 if you have any questions over the weekend or holiday do not hesitate to give me a call . thanks . 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciaiis has a iot of advantages over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: the garp 2001 convention dear mr kaminski thank you very much for your prompt reply and for the information you sent me . i have incorporated this information in the program and am sending you it again for one last confirmation . ( in particular , i hope that i have your job title and organization name correct ? ) . measuring energy risk  ) tackling price volatility , adapting var , scenario modelling and regulatory requirements the challenge of modeling price dynamics in the energy markets . - seasonality - fat tails - jumps - mean ( or floor ) reversion price volatility in the energy markets : definition and estimation adapting value - at - risk for the energy markets : - combination of physical and financial contracts - correct representation of price dynamics and inter - market price relationships - capturing complexity of energy contracts historical vs . monte carlo simulation vs . scenario analysis . pros and cons of different approaches regulatory uncertainty and value - at - risk vince kaminski , managing director , research , enron corp . if there are no alterations required i will assume that everything is fine as it is and will proceed to the printers in due course . i also look forward to receiving a short biography of about fifty words in due course . ? if you have any queries please do not hesitate to contact me , otherwise i look forward to seeing you in new york in february . ? kind regards ? andreas _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ andreas simou garp 2001 - conference producer tel ? + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9301 fax + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9900 
2	Subject: re : fw : cowtrap allocation - 4 / 01 i believe so . from : daren j farmer / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 23 / 2001 06 : 04 pm to : carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect cc : mary ellenberger / corp / enron @ enron subject : fw : cowtrap allocation - 4 / 01 carlos , is this the gas on blue dolphin ? d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ellenberger , mary sent : wednesday , may 23 , 2001 5 : 39 pm to : viltz , joyce ; meyers , julie ; farmer , daren j . cc : ray , tess subject : re : cowtrap allocation - 4 / 01 importance : high i ' m trying to get this to pull through to unify for payment to spinnaker . volume management shows " no detail " . sitara indicated 685 mmbut 4 / 1 - 4 / 30 expected . who needs to talk to who to get this fixed . payment must be set up by noon 5 / 24 / 01 for prompt payment to spinnaker . thank you and please advise . mary ellenberger 5 - 8773 ( 713 - 345 - 8773 ) from : joyce viltz / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 22 / 2001 02 : 49 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / enron @ enronxgate , mary ellenberger / corp / enron @ enron cc : tess ray / enron @ enronxgate subject : cowtrap allocation - 4 / 01 i received the above allocation for this deal where there is a purchase from spinnaker and a sale to dow . the volumes have not be actualized so there is nothing in volume management . can one of you look into this and get back to me . thanks , joyce 
2	Subject: competitive analysis update # 21 - aftermath of terrorist strikes strategic synopsis september 21 , 2001 10 : 30 am ? the presidential address last night confirmed that a major military mobilization is under way and that a long campaign is ahead , extending well beyond afghanistan . not surprisingly , the speech did not clarify the timing of the attack . ? the president warned the taliban that unless it handed over osama bin laden and the leaders of his al - qaeda terrorist network , it would face devastating military action . " they will hand over the terrorists , or they will share in their fate , " bush told the us congress . so far , the taliban are refusing to comply . ? as such , u . s . military forces will strike in afghanistan as soon as a target of opportunity presents itself . as the president himself noted in his speech last night , some of the special forces operations will not be visible to the public , while other steps such as airstrikes will be dramatic and unmistakable . trying to figure out the precise timing of specific types of strikes is probably impossible at this point . however , we safely state the following : o the president set the stage for a long conflict last night , and equity markets are anticipating significant economic pessimism . consumer confidence is likely to worsen if additional terrorist attacks are made against u . s . targets . o our sources indicate that bush spoke at length with saudi crown prince abdullah this week , and abdullah agreed to lower oil prices . no specifics were discussed . preliminary information suggests that saudi arabia is carrying out extra liftings in the second half of september and moving crude cargoes closer to market . o when the initial attack comes against afghanistan , oil markets will likely see confirmation that no threat to crude oil supply is taking place . but speculation about further strikes against other terrorist - sponsoring states should maintain a degree of uncertainty in the market . o the war against terrorism will eventually have to deal with iran and iraq ; both are major opec producers . persuading iran to cooperate is more likely to involve diplomacy than force . some administration officials , led by deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz , are pushing for a move against baghdad . so far , this group has been overruled by advocates of a more cautious approach , who realize that attacking iraq will seriously undermine arab support for the us . o washington also has to be concerned with stability in pakistan , where much of the population ( including senior military and intelligence figures ) supports the taliban . o terrorist retaliation to the u . s . attacks appears to be likely . attempts to strike infrastructure targets , including energy facilities both here and overseas , are expected . o on the ground today , heavy fighting is raging in northern afghanistan as opposition forces attack taliban troops . the northern alliance forces are taking advantage of us pressure on the taliban to recapture key areas and avenge the recent death of their leader . 
2	Subject: pastoria update - revised power asset development dash the pastoria dash each of you signed last week has been modified at the request of jeff skilling and rebecca carter . late friday afternoon , west power was advised to value the gas transportation on a pvl 0 rather than var basis . the impact of this change was to increase the cost of the gas transportation from $ 34 mm to $ 102 . 3 mm . the $ 102 . 3 mm is a worst - case scenario in that it assumes none of the capacity can be resold . also , rac has advised that no new signatures will be required for the revised dash . the revised dash will be considered by the enron executive committee this afternoon in a special meeting along with other projects . attached for you convenience are ( 1 ) the original dash ( dash dev final dg . doc ) , ( 2 ) the final dash before the executive committee ( dash _ pastoria 4 _ 030901 ) and ( 3 ) a redlined comparision of the final to the original ( dash _ pastoria 4 _ 0309091 _ redlined ) . most all highlighted changes reflect the substitution pv for var . a few minor changes were also made . should you have any questions , please do not hesitate to call me at 713 . 345 . 8992 . 
2	Subject: fortune 500 company hiring , at home reps . help wanted . we are a 14 year old fortune 500 company , that is growing at a tremendous rate . we are looking for individuals who want to work from home . this is an opportunity to make an excellent income . no experience is required . we will train you . so if you are looking to be employed from home with a career that has vast opportunities , then go : http : / / www . basetel . com / wealthnow we are looking for energetic and self motivated people . if that is you than click on the link and fill out the form , and one of our employement specialist will contact you . to be removed from our link simple go to : http : / / www . basetel . com / remove . html  
2	Subject: stuart zisman louise , stuart is officially coming over . i have a meeting set with oxley at 3 : 30 pm to discuss his and my contract . i understand you want to meet with me at 4 : 00 pm . i will there . don 
2	Subject: i put in 35000 for the expected volume for the sale to sds / tufco . sitara 276366 
2	Subject: re : kondratievich with his finger hello , we were reviewing your record and noticed that your mo r tga g e was over 6 . we can give you a guaranteed ra te of 4 . 2 . you also qualify for up to $ 400 , 000 . we already approved you , so you can finish here http : / / www . greatfins . com / we look forward to hearing from you . regards , phil l . lacy accounts synonym milk eshill budweiser so we from ell - dearth intact at canterbury i as on canto dryden a rnightfall be it acuity  
2	Subject: no compromise ! ! wear only rolex ! - gtsak / b hello , we all want to wear swiss watchs , they are expensive - we all know that , now we have effordable replica ' s - - rolex - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from $ 99 ! ! also available :                  cartier frank muller jager - lecoultre omega patek philipe                  and more http : / / allreplica . info / index . php ? ref  hp italian crafted rolex - complete watch store reliable service and support check here for more information http : / / allreplica . info / index . php ? ref  hp regards corey quinones - - - - - - - - - - - phyla aden madame confucian corvallis eigenstate duress clock o ' dell lyle burnside chief dominic door prowess alger bodleian emigrant nighttime vertebra bulb yvette scary commonwealth paso docket ordain teleprocessing consignor pulaski turpentine darwin rigging beaver brought bitt rpm hinman muck satiety sunlit ninefold amber digestion kemp laos steady witchcraft cooperate michaelangelo pilot maul centimeter coffeepot cursive duet ewe planetesimal tatty telex cartridge axe dryad gratify fangled stagestruck eat non allotting debby latitudinal dissuade bash currant instrumentation bogey honesty careworn predisposition twentieth copious tippy away pilgrim coverlet tile diode trollop painstaking chloride delegate paris dolce trio confrontation collate deploy artificial shipshape mart end preferring pastiche commensurate paralysis calve gilead borrow comedy von taste become evict estella serendipity clarendon gibbous ruanda cable quash busch bean bombast buttermilk freeport bifocal nebraska pickoff unify purgatory heir dutchman mercilessly saline hebe dramatist cybernetic brag antisemitism whup countryman abovementioned consumption they sari avertive objectify milestone yolk draco abovementioned mabel autonomy beech wary malformation day vanish complexion arm denudation obfuscatory befuddle squad valedictorian sarcastic flea apportion broaden nutshell camel craig earthquake hausdorff meander deconvolve bearberry daffy fisk dobbin bitumen bleed sexual homebuild eli crown astronautic forward bellamy contradictory wyandotte bulletin chaucer beck quash beribbon transcend alexis graff gamut oxford affinity dey duplicate betray etruscan anglican capetown broadside newsmen insight panorama successive glutamine punic sweet caravan poi biconcave featherbrain curbside basepoint neuritis borealis radial killdeer weekend gibson tattler trainmen hippy rueful chess carcinogen socioeconomic dachshund electrocardiogram concerto goldsmith bosonic suffrage grate allocable bator marietta nebulae gallium explicit cowslip degradation television ordinate pittsburgh housewares bowman queer recombinant shred competitor ape inconsiderable microbial prudent twx neuroanotomy grosvenor earthshaking aiken credential swanson refractometer pursuer assign ameliorate bruit ciliate keyhole dentistry penitent conservatory ankara explanation toady  
2	Subject: re : transition to research group - an update - anshuman shrivastava molly : in order that i may proceed with the visa application for mr . anshuman shrivastava , i will need from enron ' s h . r . department , the following information : a copy of a job offer letter / contract / assignment letter for his us position with us salary a job description of the position in the us a salary range for that position co # and cost center # please let me have this at your earliest convenience . many thanks margaret enron north america corp . from : molly magee 01 / 19 / 2001 06 : 08 pm to : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : transition to research group - an update once again , margaret , we are in your debt . vince , let ' s get together some time next week and see where you would like us to go with this . . . molly margaret daffin 01 / 19 / 2001 03 : 27 pm to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : transition to research group - an update molly : just to be sure that everyone understands , anshuman cannot work in the us on a bl visa - he can only come here for business meetings and training . we will have to get him the ll visa in order for him to work in the us . margaret enron north america corp . from : molly magee 01 / 19 / 2001 02 : 53 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : transition to research group - an update thank you so much for the information , vince . i hope that you have a great weekend ! molly vince j kaminski 01 / 19 / 2001 02 : 39 pm to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : transition to research group - an update molly , i shall ask sandeep to do it when he comes back from india next week . i have just learned that anshuman has bl visa and he can start on a project as a person delegated by dhabol power company to houston . to be absolutely above the line , i would still arrange the ll visa . vince enron north america corp . from : molly magee 01 / 19 / 2001 10 : 44 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : transition to research group - an update i agree that it makes sense to put the ll in place . there are several things we will need from you in order to start the visa process . the first is a fairly detailed job description for anshuman . secondly , we also need to know whether or not he will be in a managerial position here and / or managing a project . if there is someone else in your group who can furnish this job description , just let me know and i will be happy to contact him / her . as for sandeep , i have been told that he is a u . s . resident so there should be no problems with him . margaret daffin will be contacting him to be absolutely sure . thanks , molly vince j kaminski 01 / 19 / 2001 10 : 21 am to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : transition to research group - an update molly , let ' s get ll for anshuman , just in case . i am sure he will stay here for a while once he comes . it is quite obvious jeff shankman will have to keep him longer , given the priority of the project . i assume there are no problems with sandeep . thanks . vince enron north america corp . from : molly magee 01 / 19 / 2001 09 : 54 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : transition to research group - an update thank you for the update , vince . i have been working with margaret daffin with regard to anshuman ' s visa status . we will have to get an ll visa in place before he can come to the united states , even in a temporary capacity . do you want to move forward with that effort at this time , or is the possibility of him coming to the u . s . so remote that it wouldn ' t be worth the time and money right now ? molly vince j kaminski 01 / 19 / 2001 09 : 42 am to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : transition to research group - an update molly , this is an update on anshuman . please , see below . it seems that his transfer is not an issue for the time being . we can put it on a back - burner till he gets here . vince p . s . the relevant section . i also spoke about anshuman , and there was resistance to his leaing for such a long time . however , i have agreement from folks here to send him to houston for a shorter stint on dpc budget . i will try to finalize that before i leave . i will call you in the evening to just chat . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 19 / 2001 09 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sandeep kohli @ enron _ development 01 / 19 / 2001 04 : 32 am to : vince j kaminski @ ect cc : subject : transition to research group - an update vince , just wanted to let you know that i had a meeting with wade cline ( coo , enron india ) , neil mcgregor ( president , dpc ) , and mohan gurunath ( cfo , dpc ) today . though i had already spoken to all of them earlier about my joining your group , today it became official , and all of them supported the move . i explained to them what we would be doing , and the results expected from the henwood study . dpc would like to pay the costs for the study , and that was mentioned . there maybe some tax issues etc . that need to be cleared , and other related issues that i would like to discuss with you , so i will leave them till i get to houston . i also spoke about anshuman , and there was resistance to his leaing for such a long time . however , i have agreement from folks here to send him to houston for a shorter stint on dpc budget . i will try to finalize that before i leave . i will call you in the evening to just chat . i am very thankful to you for giving the opportunity you have . things here have deteriorated dramatically over the last few weeks . morale is quite down due to many lay - offs . i am really looking forward to returning to houston , and the family ! ! regards , sandeep . 
2	Subject: re : cover design / copy for energy derivatives publication fiona , to answer your questions : 1 . we approved chapter 3 for publication . 2 . my current affiliation is enron n . a . grant left the company but my advice it to leave his bio as is ( it reflects his employment status when he was working on the chapter ) . i don ' t think we should update the bio and advertise his new employer . 3 . ad material is fine . vinnce 
2	Subject: beaver creek i just thought i ' d drop a note about the trip . i think it was the best enron offsite i have attended . i thought the focus on interacting was very good and worked better than past golfing events and vegas trips . the event was also very well organized and the host / hostess were excellent . thank you . cheers kyle 
2	Subject: regarding information and clients good afternoon , i have clients , some of whom are searching online for all telephones , cellular phones , prepaid phones , telephones and telephone equipment . my job is to find a good source for my clients . based on what i see on your web site , i ' d like to discuss an arrangement to send my clients to your web site . please contact me at your earliest convenience . best regards robert young 949 . 975 . 1016 direct line 949 . 975 . 1096 fax linel . 800 . 932 . 2601 toll freerobert @ vshproductions . com www . vshproductions . com removesupport @ vshproductions . com  
2	Subject: today you could save on software skip the retail software box and save 80 % off the retail costs ! don ' t delay ! u 25 so 03 z 76 f 9 ml 3 gn 3 nthis sentance is just taking up spaceno one had the guts to raise a riot , but if a european woman went through the bazaars alone somebody would probably spit betel juice over her dress . maybe it wouldn ' t be a foolish thing to do . 650364578  
2	Subject: maybe this might interest you ge / n / e / r / ic ci / a / l / is , at cheap prices . most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 1 . quite a difference . ci . a . li . s is known as a sup . er - v?a . g . ra or weekend - v?ag . . ra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . shipped worldwide . your easy - to - use solution is here : http : / / ruojrxor . com / cs / ? sashok - - - - - the link below is for those who hate spam . . . http : / / ruojrxor . com / rm . php ? sash -   - 
2	Subject: re : new copier information for 55 , 60 & 65 cpm digital machines iain : we went and looked at the toshiba copier on the 32 nd floor and while it does not appear to be extremely fast , i believe it will work for the 19 th floor . i spoke with vince kaminski and he agreed with our getting this copier . we noticed this copier has a button that says " network connection " and were wondering it this copier could be hooked up to the network and we could run copies from our computer ? please let us know . thanks for all your help and have a wonderful christmas and new year ! shirley co # 0011 rc # 100038 copier information including pictures & weblinks from : iain russell on 12 / 17 / 99 10 : 47 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : new copier information for 55 , 60 & 65 cpm digital machines shirley , following up on the telephone conversation , please see the attached spreadsheet for pricing information plus important information about " true world " copy speeds . pricing was centered on the 42 . 315 k per month volume band so that you can get a good feel for copier expenditure based on average month volumes . i have left the spreadsheet " unprotected " so that you can play with the volume figures and see how this changes the price overall + how the " cost per image " is affected by volume changes . ? pricing spreadsheet : under " notes " towards under the pictures . the " true world " copy speed information has been supplied by buyers lab incorporated , which is an independent testing house that rates office equipment , including copiers and publishes their findings on a quarterly basis . unfortunately they have not released their findings on the canon ir 550 as testing is not yet complete . ? copier speeds : @ the end of the notes - mail { these include 1 - 1 , 1 - 2 and duplexing + detail on completion of " sets " } as you will see , duplexing speeds are widely different across the various manufacturers equipment & the " true world " copy speeds are a soft $ expense which impacts the true cost of running a copier . listed below are the url ' s for the different 55 , 60 & 65 cpm b / w copiers . a ) overview b ) specifications from lanier ricoh equipment 55 copies per minute a ) & b ) weblink for machine specifications - - > click here - - - > 65 copies per minute a ) & b ) weblink for machine specifications - - > click here - - - > from danka canon equipment { ir 550 } 55 copies per minute looks like : - - - > weblink for machine specifications - - > click below : a ) http : / / www . usa . canon . com / corpoffice / netofficesys / ir 550 / ir 550 fea . html b ) http : / / www . usa . canon . com / corpoffice / netofficesys / ir 550 / ir 550 spec . html canon equipment { ir 600 } > > currently on 45 day backorder weblink for machine specifications - - > click below : a ) http : / / www . usa . canon . com / corpoffice / netofficesys / ir 600 / ir 600 fea . html b ) http : / / www . usa . canon . com / corpoffice / netofficesys / ir 600 / ir 600 spec . html toshiba equipment 55 copies per minute weblink for machine specifications - - > click below : a ) http : / / www . toshiba . com / taiseid / copiers / 5570 / features . htm b ) http : / / www . toshiba . com / taiseid / copiers / 5570 / spec . htm 65 copies per minute weblink for machine specifications - - > click here - - > a ) http : / / www . toshiba . com / taiseid / copiers / 6570 / features . htm b ) http : / / www . toshiba . com / taiseid / copiers / 6570 / spec . htm notes here is the pricing spreadsheet for your records : - - > the highlighted rows on the spreadsheet reflect you current average monthly volume . fyi - - > target cpi or cost per image is in the region $ 0 . 017 up to and including $ 0 . 023 . copier model monthly volume capacities model manufacturer max rec / level realistic level { up to } toshiba 5570 340 k 115 k toshiba 6570 400 k 135 k lanier 5255 { per rep . } 200 k 100 k lanier 5265 { per rep . } 200 k 100 k canon ir 550 200 k 100 k canon ir 600 250 k 100 k fyi : we currently have a toshiba 6570 @ eb 32 kl that is averaging 69 , 332 images per month with the top month producing 86 , 673 images and a toshiba 5570 @ eb 3080 area that is averaging 39 , 309 per month . both of these machines are in the enron north america trading environment . the copiers quoted are all " digital " . digital : scan once print many  99 copies of one sheet ? 1 scan ! analog : scan for every image made  99 copies of 1 sheet ? 99 scans  possible noise issue . copier speeds  total print time this comparison gives the speed @ which the document set is printed { no staple , no 3 - hole punch } > > > > > 60 & 65 copy per minute machines > > > > 55 copy per minute machines < < < < < please call me with any questions . thanks , iain russell @ 713 - 853 - 6861 contracts supervisor administration enron property & services corp . privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message , and notify us immediately . if you or your employer does not consent to internet email messages of this kind , please advise us immediately . opinions , conclusions and other information expressed in this message are not given or endorsed by my department or employer unless otherwise indicated by an authorized representative independent of this message .  
2	Subject: best online drugs here dilatation coaxial anti therapy vivaldi bleeker get any prescription drug you want ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here buzzword deerstalker hygroscopic mesopotamia belly  
2	Subject: brent darft letter sally here is a rough cut draft for you to expand and revise . please use as a template to include whatever language is appropriate . after the draft is complete i would run it by rick to see if there is anything he would add . i hope the meeting with shankman went well . tom 
2	Subject: great 2 nd branded electronic products at www . resell . co . th dear sir or madam , first of all , we would like to introduce our company . we are a new website which serves you with 2 nd branded electronic products . our major branded are nokia , sony ericsson , o 2 , canon , nikon , and so on . also , we provide a good services with credit card payment and shipping via famous carriers . you can enjoy our website now by registering in order to be our member . and then , you can shopping with your 2 nd electronic products with a great price . please go to see our website at www . resell . co . th note that our products will update everyday . one more thing is that your member will active after we verify your status . hope we will have opportunity to serve you . best regards , resell co . , ltd www . resell . co . th 
2	Subject: use this handy interest calculator to get current interest information . cmaln use this handy rate calculator to get current interest availability data , without giving out any private or personal information . this was sent to you by an mediagroup for smartmortgageusa . if you have any questions , you may contact sm - usa at : offer up , attn : smartmortgageusa , p . o . box 78361 , san francisco , ca 94107 - 8361 . if you wish to exclude yourself from future sm - usa items please use this to go to the website and then use the choice at the bottom of the page . cydukzeiqjcs 
2	Subject: re : possible summer internship with enron vince and datren : i have scheduled a telephone interview with ainsley this afternoon ( thursday ) at 2 : 00 pm . her telephone no . is 281 - 852 - 9116 . you can use conference room ebl 938 . thanks ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 05 / 25 / 2000 07 : 45 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " ainsley gaddis " on 05 / 24 / 2000 04 : 09 : 07 pm to : cc : subject : re : possible summer internship with enron hi ms . crenshaw ! the best time for the interview would be tomorrow , thursday , around 2 : 00 . you can reach me at 281 - 852 - 9116 . talk to you then ! sincerely , ainsley gaddis 
2	Subject: hpl meter # 981389 mt . belvieu - trident ngl hpl daren : on may 31 , 2000 , the above meter flowed 15 mmbtus from hpl ' s pipeline . this is the only day that this meter flowed during the period of 1 / 1 / 99 thru 11 / 30 / 00 . currently , the volume is booked to hpl strangers gas contract . logistic needs approval to writeoff this volume to unaccounted for gas . ( please print , sign , and return original to clem cernosek ) . approval to writeoff the volume to unaccounted for gas loss thanks , clem 
2	Subject: re : feeling tired ?  
2	Subject: free report on the euro tells you how you can gain from it  
2	Subject: boletin difusion consejeros electorales cc . medios de comunicacion en el estado de oaxaca presentes adjunto a la presente remito a usted el boletin informativo con motivo de la difusion para queciudadanos puedan participar como consejeros electorales del consejo local del ife . saludos . 
2	Subject: p . c . what do i need to do in order to get this p . c . early a . m . please let me know . thanks kevin moore very important - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 22 / 99 06 : 30 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin g moore 12 / 20 / 99 11 : 28 am to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : p . c . we spoke about the p . c . for trisha tlapek . location eb 3132 b . co . # 0011 r . c . 100038 thanks kevin moore x 34710 
2	Subject: indulge yourself , buy a breitling watch buy a new breitling watch all watches arrive in a luxury gift box - the perfect christmass gift ! we have in stock watches like : alain silberstein - 199 . oo panerai - 199 . oo tag heuer - 199 . oo full list : http : / / they ' d . mynewwatch . info / thank you ward daniel mailman semasopht , chavannes , 1022 , switzerland phone : 438 - 347 - 1177 mobile : 741 - 468 - 1954 email : lshrqsppnrii @ siammail . com this is a confirmation message this freeware is a 155557638 [ 1  
2	Subject: re : industrials first of the month industrials are coming along fine . i will finalize my pathing tomorrow , thursday , and set up buybacks and swings by the end of day friday . the industrial " buyback & deficiency deals " worksheet has captured the necessary data to help gas control & the on - call scheduler as well as myself and client services . i will have a preliminary worksheet done by the end of day friday . i am on vacation during the week of july 5 th thru july 10 th . enron north america corp . from : pat clynes @ enron 06 / 28 / 2000 12 : 45 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : industrials robert , how do we look on the industrial deadlines ? please let me know . thanks , pat daren j farmer @ ect 06 / 28 / 2000 11 : 19 am to : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : industrials when will the buybacks and swings be set up for july ? i am a little concerned with the long weekend coming up . i believe that we agreed that these would be set up by the 3 rd work day , which would be friday the 7 th . ( six days of flow . ) i definitely don ' t think that we should any later . it would be great if this could be handled sooner , miimizing our economic impact . additionally , we need to get the industrial spreadsheet up and running again . this report is very beneficial to gas control , industrial traders and schedulers on call . let me know what you think . d 
2	Subject: re : integration meeting louise , just as an fyi , jenny and jay have switched times . k - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , december 21 , 2001 4 : 03 pm to : kitchen , louise ; colwell , wes ; hodges , georgeanne ; webb , jay ; meyers , thomas ; hillier , bob ; mcauliffe , bob ; rub , jenny ; hall jr . , robert l . ; donovan , bill ; brackett , debbie r . ; oxley , david ; bradford , william s . cc : muller , mark s . ; golden , jeff ; lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie ; hillis , kimberly subject : re : integration meeting the meeting has been confirmed . they told me that they want to essentially gain an understanding of what our plan is to get up and running as quickly as possible which does i think differ slightly from integration . have i missed any critical group ? 9 am introduction 9 : 15 am infrastructure rub 9 : 45 am it - development hodges , georgeanne ; webb , jay ; meyers , thomas ; hillier , bob ; mcauliffe , bob ; rub , jenny ; hall jr . , robert l . ; donovan , bill cc : muller , mark s . ; golden , jeff ; lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie ; hillis , kimberly subject : integration meeting one of our potential buyers will be here at 9 am on thursday . the scope of the meeting is to run through the integration schedule . this is a very broad agenda and will probably be very interactive . i tried to put ops first but it really doesn ' t make sense . this really is a really rough agenda for you guys to decide upon but i wanted to set out the areas they wish to cover . 9 am introduction 9 : 15 am infrastructure rub 10 am it - development & ops webb 11 am mid office intergation overview hall 12 noon accounting , cash etc integration overview colwell / georges / meyers 11 am tour of the building / infrastructure donovan wes - they want to cover bank accounts and cash in detail . some time during the morning they want a tour of the facilities - i am arranging with bill donovan . louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: re : elders class party capture the flag date : friday , oct . 26 th time : 6 : 30 p . m . - ? location : angie ' s parent ' s land ( 30202 dobbin huffsmith , magnolia 77354 ) cost : $ 3 per couple ( pitch in when you get there ) food : frito pie and hot dogs ( feel free to bring any extra snacks ) attire : all dark clothes from head to toe ; definently not a fashion show bring : ( opt . ) lawn chair , bug spray contact : bob and angie burgess @ 281 - 296 - 0182 cell 281 - 788 - 6353 ( john & opal singletary @ 281 - 356 - 2692 ) instead of going to the haunted house , we decided to do something where everyone could be involved . the weather is going to nice and cool , so the plan is to have a fire , eat and then play " capture the flag " . we will divide into two teams and then each team hides their opponents flag somewhere on their side . the goal of the game is to find your team ' s flag and bring it safely back to your side . of course , it will be dark and you have to be sneaky , because if you get caught on your opponent ' s side , then you have to wait until you are freed . it is a very fun game , but even more entertaining will be to see different sides of people ' s personalities . if you aren ' t up to playing the game , then please feel free to hang out around the fire and just yack for hours . general location : north of 2920 , between stuebner airline and tomball starting point : stuebner airline and 2920 directions : go west on 2920 , towards tomball go north on 2978 , which is at a light , gas stations on both sides ( if you ' ve gone into town , then you ' ve missed it . ) drive several miles and take a left at the 3 rd stoplight , which is hardin store road ( there is a big horse statue at this corner ) go about one mile and take a right at first stoplight , which is dobbin huffsmith . go about two miles , as soon as you pass two convenience stores , my parent ' s house will be about the 5 th driveway on the right . the address is on the mailbox - 30202 dobbin huffsmith . pull in their first driveway and drive back through the first gate and park by the barn . you ' ll see us . starting point : 249 and 2920 directions : go north on 249 towards magnolia . after you pass a long bridge , take a right on " stagecoach " , which is at a light . this road will automatically turn into hardin store road . stay on this road for several miles . take a left on " dobbin huffsmith " , which is at a light . go about two miles , as soon as you pass two convenience stores , my parent ' s house will be about the 5 th driveway on the right . the address is on the mailbox - 30202 dobbin huffsmith . pull in their first driveway and drive back through the first gate and park by the barn . you ' ll see us . if you are coming from the woodlands , call me and i will give you directions for a shorter way . you may want to go to www . mapquest . com and find the location via their website . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ bob burgess talon consulting , inc . 713 - 394 - 2259                                                                   ? easy unsubscribe click here : http : / / topica . com / u / ? a 84 vnf . a 9 ivhm ? or send an email to : brcc . yf - unsubscribe @ topica . com ? this email was sent to : dfarmer @ enron . com ? ? t o p i c a - - register now to manage your mail ! ? http : / / www . topica . com / partner / tago 2 / register ?                                                                   
2	Subject: collene medg stockplay of the day jeer watson , medg - our best pick with rapid growth expected . medianet group technologies ( medg ) $ 1 . 43 . there will be contracts with several fortune 500 companies being announced shortly . the very short term target price is $ 3 + . the company is expecting $ 4 - 5 million to the bottom line in 2005 . based on 7 million shares outstanding that would be earnings of $ 0 . 50 to $ 0 . 70 which would be a $ 5 - 7 target with a conservative p / e of only 10 . there are less than one million shares in the float , so you could see a rapid price appreciation . trading above $ 1 . 50 should see the $ 3 . 00 + level early in 2005 . 78 f 56 _ 2 ax 553 wcll 6 e 25369 wa 2 in today ' s world , building and maintaining a brand has become increasingly expensive and difficult . maintaining loyalty for a brand is even more so . medianet group , through it ' s branded portal and branded rewards operational divisions allows large and small companies the opportunity to build and / or expand on their brands quickly and efficiently - at an extremely low cost . medianet group technologies has developed unique proprietary products , software and solutions for every size business . we offer extremely affordable , simple , immediate implementation , delivered as feature rich turnkey enterprise solutions for corporations interested in expanding their web presence and enhancing customer relations - turning operational costs into profit centers . the operational divisions include customized and branded corporate and international portals , loyalty / rewards programs , video and media production and distribution and targeted industry internet applications . * don ' t miss out on medg , great news expected immediately this week . get it today , don ' t miss the big gains with medg . creamy , please be advised that nothing within this email shall cons titute a soli citation or an invi tation to get p osition in or se ll an y se , curity ment ioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any bro ker or de , aler . all sta tements ma de are our exp ress opinion only and sh ould be trea ted as such . we may o wn , take po sition and se ll any secu rities men tioned at any time . this report inc ludes for ward look ing stat ements within the mea ning of the pri vate se curities litig ation refo rm act of 19 95 . these stat ements may incl ude t erms as e xpect , bel ieve , may , w ill , mov e , underv alued and int end or similar te rms . this news letter wa s pa id 11 300 f rom third par ty to s end thi s rep ort . wombat fly archery  
2	Subject: our pro - forma invoice attached practice so tone . press watch play contain . measure pattern often live , might inch . tire air vowel quite whose one . stood listen touch dress . fall form , good man . oil measure often lead , have . board follow self tree electric . me probable build , quart . carry , round many what best . - - phone : 738 - 687 - 6603 mobile : 311 - 519 - 6484 email : @ broadband . hu  
2	Subject: chronic cullen , \ , % 247 _ _ - online doctorz ! up to 70 % of the best pain killers out ! and other popular meds . . valium _ xxanax _ cialis ' ; http : / / www . vcoffe 245 pills . biz / b 32 / - - spitfire , then fagott announced .  
2	Subject: re : guadalupe meter diagram daren , here ' s a simplified schematic on the major interconnects to our guadalupe pipeline . hope it helps . ( see attached file : guadalupe pipeline . ppt ) - guadalupe pipeline . ppt 
2	Subject: fw : 04 counterparties kevin ' s aware we ' ll need to come up with a pricing mechanism on the longer dated trades ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 10 : 04 am to : brackett , debbie r . subject : fw : 04 counterparties - - - - - original message - - - - - from : presto , kevin m . sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 9 : 29 am to : bradford , william s . cc : kitchen , louise subject : 04 counterparties louise indicated that credit has agreed to allow credit - worthy counterparties to trade through 2004 . the following are the counterparties east power would like to have 04 access on eol . dynegy duke bp energy aquilla morgan stanley el paso williams reliant aep constellation calpine merrill lynch allegheny conectiv mirant please let me know asap who gets approved and when eol will grant trading rights . thanks . 
2	Subject: aggressive investors should be watching sports alumni , inc . investor alert ! if a group of investors would have the opportunity to have invest in the nba , nfl , nbl , nhl , and mls when the leagues started . how rich would they be today ? today we will be introducing a new football alumni association that will bring ex high school , college , and professional athletes around the united states to relive their glory days . as savvy investor prepare to buy this stock , it has become clear that this could be one of the most explosive opportunities of the year . you still have the opportunity to buy this stock for pennies to the dollar - but for how long ? here at wall street research we do not get excited about many stocks . that ' s because its getting harder and harder to find stocks that have potential to make investors rich very quickly . blue chips can ' t and ipo ' s rarely pay off small investors . history shows that the only consistent way for small investors to see their money double , triple , or more on the short run is to be smart enough to find small caps with huge potential and buy before they take off - the kind of stocks that gets us excited . company in review pink sheets symbol : spni http : / / www . . com recent price $ 0 . 50 target price $ 2 . 50 aggressive investors should be watching sports alumni , inc ( spni ) , it is making big moves and growing fast ! when the nba , nfl , nbl , nhl , and mls , talk about lockouts , half seasons or no season , salary caps , and even the referees join the turmoil every year one of these leagues threatens the passion for sports ! . will they play again this season ? sports alumni , inc is about bringing the passion of the former game to all ex high school , college , and professional athletes . not about how big of a salary they will be making the next couple of years . sports alumni , inc sports alumni , inc maybe you started playing football when you where 8 years old and never quite lost the love of the game . perhaps you even played college ball . what ever level you played , its a good bet that your passion for the game did not end when the whistle blew and the last play ended . that is what american football alumni seeks to bring back to the multi - million - member target market of former and current players and coaches . recent surveys reveal that 70 percent of former football players would be interested in joining a national alumni association whose makeup is former high school and college players . seventy - nine percent are interested in reunions with former teammates and 55 percent said they ' d be interested in purchasing their old school football jerseys , especially if their names were included . the afa will bring old teams together through its subscriber network , while offering on line stores of customized merchandise , a first class magazine , conventions , football travel packages national and local polls . this is an un - tapped industry within a multi - billion dollar marketplace . companys recent news sports alumni , inc . ( spni pk ) announced today the official launch of their first sports alumni micro site , www . . com . this site is the preliminary sign up point for their first of many sports alumni sites the company plans to launch this year . the main member site launch is expected early july 2005 with a $ 30 million media blitz to follow this fall . we are very pleased to have ai software solutions as our software development and web hosting partner as they are clearly one of the top companies in this industry and can fully support our expected rapid growth . they have integrated seamlessly with our organization and made development a snap , stated sports alumnis president matthew totty . sports alumni will also be marketing football fest 2006 this fall , a grand event planned in las vegas , june 2006 , where they expect attendance of over 150 , 000 former players and coaches . we have everything imaginable planned for this event and were really excited for this to be the football event in the country to attend each year . its a chance for our members to rub elbows with footballs greats and just have a good time . if you lived it , youre one of us , states mr . totty . smart investors know its easier to take a $ 1 . 00 stock to $ 5 . 00 than to take a $ 10 . 00 stock to $ 50 . 00 . but the word is getting out . chances like this are few and far between and the buzz on the street is that spni is a buy ! who knows when youll have another chance to turn such a huge profit again ? smart investors strike when the irons hot and with spni , its sizzling ! for more information on this company simply ( click here ) forward - looking statements contained in this newsletter are made under the safe harbor provision of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . any such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results of events to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward looking statements . wall street research , quick business solutions , llc ( wsr - qbs ) . has received three hundred thousand shares from a group of investors . ( wsr - qbs ) . for the production and distribution of this newsletter . ( wsr - qbs ) . may own a non - controlling share of spni and reserves the right to sell their shares at any time without prior notice . this profile is not an offer to buy or sell any securities mentioned herein . while the publisher believes all sources of information to be factual and reliable , in no way does it represent or guarantee the accuracy thereof , nor the statements made herein and have made no independent verification of the facts , assumptions and estimates contained in this newsletter . the user assumes all risk as to the accuracy and the use of this document . always consult a professional investment advisor before making any purchase . for further details concerning risks and uncertainties , please request additional information directly from the company featured above or the sec filings of the company including the companys most recent annual and quarterly reports . qbs 23031 sonoita mission viejo , ca 92692 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: fw : marketing 1000 mw / apel send this to someone . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " donreidl " @ enron sent : tue 7 / 17 / 2001 10 : 12 am to : lavorato @ enron . com cc : subject : marketing 1000 mw / apel dear john , my colleagues and i are working with australian power and energy limited ( apel ) that is developing a $ 3 billion synfuel and power plant project in the latrobe valley of australia in victoria using brown coal . the power plant project will be 1 , 000 mw . part of the synfuel production will be clean - burning diesel fuel of about 35 , 000 barrels a day ( worth about $ 400 , 000 , 000 a year at today ' s prices ) . apel was wondering whether enron could have an interest in marketing the power and / or the diesel fuel . apel also would be open to suggestions should enron wish to be involved in other ways . the principals apel are in houston this week and could meet with enron this thursday afternoon , 19 july . john , would or your colleagues like to meet with apel this thursday , and if so , what time and where would be convenient ? thanks and best regards , don reid managing director global finance corporation tel 847 - 835 - 9000 cell 713 - 705 - 4459 donreidl @ msn . com 
2	Subject: conference call details for tomorrow - sunday , jan . 13 th here are the details for the conference call tomorrow sunday , jan . 13 th : time : 5 : 00 p . m . ( houston time ) dial - in number : 888 - 422 - 7124 host code : 746902 ( louise ) participant code : 391157 please let me know if you need anything else . tammie 
2	Subject: best deals all day long  . . . mcgillsixth . . . automatahypocrisy . dipolepeccary . . jimderivepo . rawmnv 
2	Subject: fw : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice julie - per daren ' s repsonse below , can you correct price on this deal for 03 / 01 . currently under 639615 . joyce - per daren ' s message below , the sales volumes are currently under deal # sa 639615 . let me know when they ' ve been reallocated to 639612 . thanks - tess - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : friday , april 27 , 2001 12 : 34 pm to : ray , tess subject : re : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice ok , we should be paying dow based on the index price . but , it should be if hsc - . 07 instead of - . 06 . sales volumes should be allocated to deal 639612 . d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ray , tess sent : friday , april 27 , 2001 7 : 48 am to : ellenberger , mary cc : farmer , daren j . ; meyers , julie subject : re : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice importance : high thanks mary ! daren , is the info that you need ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ellenberger , mary sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 4 : 45 pm to : ray , tess cc : farmer , daren j . subject : re : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice importance : high the question is not that " cut and dry " . however , for the month of march enron paid spinnaker @ if hsc - $ 0 . 085 . currently the volume is posted under deal ticket # 144271 with is the deal tick for gas daily production . this production should be moved to deal ticket # 144264 with is the if . from : tess ray / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 26 / 2001 03 : 48 pm to : mary ellenberger / corp / enron @ enron cc : daren j farmer / enron @ enronxgate subject : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice mary - do you pay spinnaker , for gas purchases ? ( see daren ' s question below , re : 03 / 01 purchase price from spinnaker ( # 144271 hakemack , cynthia ; howard , charles cc : farmer , daren j . subject : fw : fw : march 2001 invoice importance : high charlene / cindy / charles : can either of you answer darren ' s question to me below ? my sales deal is under ena . thanks , tess - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 3 : 20 pm to : ray , tess subject : re : fw : march 2001 invoice tess , we probably should be invoicing selling to dow at if . however , we should also have purchased the supply from spinnaker ( # 144271 bellamy , liz subject : re : fw : march 2001 invoice tess there is a deal out there for the blue dolphin s # 745589 . and there are three deal out there for csgt # 639612 , # 639615 , # 745589 . the problem is that none of these deals have actuals . it looks as though they have not been nom ' d . daren are these deals real or what ? why have they not been nom ' d ? could they be under another dow company ? tess , i ' m leaving the office for a little bit today . but i ' ll be back this afternoon . julie from : tess ray / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 24 / 2001 08 : 11 am to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : fw : march 2001 invoice julie - please help ! per dow hydrocarbon ' s accountant , marilu trochta ' s e - mail below , ( with attachment ) , there are volume and price discrepancies with what ena billed them and what she reflects in her system . ena invoice # 24636 sa invoiced dow hydrocarbons and resources , inc , on csgt @ b 368 - brazos , per deal number sa 639615 , @ 685 per day ( 3 / 1 / 01 - 3 / 31 / 01 ) @ hsc gdp d . a . - $ 0 . 07 / mmbtu . vs . the 18 , 457 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 that dow has and ena did not invoice them for sales on bluedolphin 250 and 249 vs . the 5 , 459 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 & 18 , 218 mmbtu @ $ 4 . 960 that dow reflects . i realize that the volumes ena billed on the brazos are estimates or noms . problem : i need to confirm the march 2001 , sale @ brazos ( volume & price ) in addition to the sale @ blue dolphin 250 & 249 ( volume & price ) . can you print the confirmations for me ? also , sitara does not show me who the trader is for this deal , and by chance do you know who the scheduler ( s ) are ? thanks , tess - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " trochta , mary ( ml ) " > > @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 trochta + 2 c + 20 mary + 20 + 28 ml + 29 + 22 + 20 + 3 cmltrochta + 40 dow + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 5 : 52 pm to : ray , tess subject : march 2001 invoice - book 2 . xls > 
2	Subject: free sporting events ! no more paying for movies border : lpx solid yellow ; padding : 3 px ; " > click here for more on this great product channels you buy for free include : all new movie releases which normally cost $ 5 a movie , free adult movies ( spice , playboy , hotzone , etc ) normally cost $ 10 a movie , free wrestling , ufc , & boxing ppv ' s ( wwf , nwa , boxing heavy weight fights ) normally cost $ 30 - 80 an event , free live music concerts ( eminem , b . spears , dixie chicks , etc ) normally cost $ 35 an event , free bottom line : anything you would normally buy you get free with this ! what does this mean ? means you save $ 1000 in programming a month for one low cost of this unique filter . guaranteed to work ! is there a catch ? the only catch is you need digital cable . this is because you must buy via the remote control for the filter to work . don ' t have digital cable ? simply upgrade for the small fee as you will be getting $ 1000 ' s of free programming a month ! a very worthwhile investment for your leisure time ! bonus ! with the purchase of the filter you also get a free $ 20 value gift item . you can ' t go wrong on this blowout sale ! ! ! all this for only $ 40 ! click below to get more information border : lpx solid yellow ; padding : 3 px ; " > click here for more on this great product if you no longer wish to receive our offers and updates click below and we will promptly honor your request . to be removed click here ansmtp component build v 5 . 0 http : / / www . adminsystem . net ( trial version only ) 
2	Subject: really works wonder how to save on your m pasteurizer edlcations over 70 % . pha parsing rmshop - successfull and prove plication n way to save your diffidence money . drowsy v tearful ag a fitchew l throughly lu grainy l silkmill ra insentient cl i infusion s ridiculous val immortelle m andmanyother . best p genera rlces . wo administer rldwide shlpplng . easy or batterylocomotive der form . total confid autogenous entiaiity . 250 , inapplicability 000 satisfied customers . order today and strident save ! 
2	Subject: meeting with dale nesbitt - altos management partners the meeting with dale nesbitt has now been scheduled for 2 : 00 pm tuesday , november 7 , in eb 49 c 2 video conference room . your attendance is welcomed . jng 
2	Subject: you need only 15 minutes to prepare for the night of love . generic ed drugs directly from manufacturer . the gods visit the sins of the fathers upon the children . some promises are better left unsaid i ' m a born - again atheist . our lives teach us who we are . 
2	Subject: file cabinet for mike roberts vince : since we have to clear kevin ' s office for the new employee jaesoo lew , can kevin order a tall file cabinet to put the material in ? thanks ! shirley vince j kaminski 11 / 20 / 2000 10 : 55 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : " skunkworks " meeting with scott tholan shirley , no , that ' s it . vince shirley crenshaw 11 / 20 / 2000 10 : 06 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect subject : " skunkworks " meeting with scott tholan the " skunkworks " meeting with scott tholan scheduled for this wednesday , the 22 nd has been cancelled , per scott tholan . mike / vince : is there anyone else , that needs to be notified ? thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: trade counts through 8 : 30 am gas down some today , but power up . trade date na gas na power total trade cnt 11 / 16 / 2001 880 583 2203 11 / 15 / 2001 1006 523 2199 11 / 14 / 2001 731 444 2364 11 / 13 / 2001 868 527 1951 11 / 12 / 2001 878 380 1913 11 / 11 / 2001 7 2 9 11 / 10 / 2001 5 8 13 11 / 9 / 2001 615 444 1679 11 / 8 / 2001 975 489 1931 11 / 7 / 2001 877 727 2288 11 / 6 / 2001 1064 849 2463 11 / 5 / 2001 930 839 2308 11 / 4 / 2001 4 3 7 11 / 3 / 2001 2 16 18 11 / 2 / 2001 1211 576 2253 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you wiil see severai iogo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needsand fit your business . fiexible discounts : iogo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: i ddid it again hello , welcome to pharmzon scrubber line dative shop - insectology one of the ieading oniine pharmaceut primarily icai shops v deflection l g piracy r overblow l defraud lu extensive a whittle ac dernier la i homosexual s endless val lammas m andmanyother . tot sterna al confidentiaiity , over 5 miliion customer acropoleis s , worldw outdance ide shlpplng , save o signalbook ver 60 % ! have a ni indisposed ce day ! 
2	Subject: g hodges nymex brokers _ 102401 . xls louise , here is the nymex schedule georganne will be discussing with you . greg x 35399 
2	Subject: pharmacy discounts men ' s health : vlagra - 0 . 95 per dose clalis - 2 . 00 per dose weight loss : xenical - 1 . 31 generic meridia - 82 . 50 hair loss : generic propecia - 19 . 51 diabebetes threat : generic glucophage - 0 . 49 pain relief : generic vioxx - 1 . 45 generic celebrex - 0 . 80 anti depressants : generic paxil - 1 . 16 generic zoloft - 0 . 64 muscul relaxers : generic soma - 1 . 33 stop smoking : generic zyban - 1 . 17 lower cholesterol : lipitor - 0 . 48 and a lot more http : / / refuge . llhchmg . info / ? k . msgtennirbweenotebooks 
2	Subject: protect your family ' s future and save up to 70 % 10 - year level term life insurance male / female monthly premiums no nicotine $ 250 , 000 $ 500 , 000 age male female male female 35 $ 10 . 33 $ 9 . 19 $ 16 . 19 $ 14 . 00 40 $ 13 . 30 $ 11 . 64 $ 22 . 32 $ 18 . 82 45 $ 19 . 43 $ 16 . 63 $ 35 . 57 $ 22 . 88 50 $ 29 . 49 $ 22 . 32 $ 54 . 69 $ 40 . 25 55 $ 44 . 89 $ 32 . 12 $ 85 . 32 $ 59 . 94 2002 reliaquote . all rights reserved life can change in an instant . don ' t wait until it ' s too late . give your family the security they deserve today with affordable term life insurance from reliaquote . to unsubscribe from our mailing list , please click here  
2	Subject: congratulations on your promotion congratulations on the much deserved recognition you have recently received from the enron executive committee . sue haynes enron staffing 
2	Subject: member alert , major news just out on this co . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * watch this one july 18 as we know many of you like momentum * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * . . . breaking news out . . . strong buy issued july 15 at market close make sure you keep your eyes glued on uaig starting monday . ua international group , symbol : uaig current price : . 67 major financial news was released ua international signs agreement with ukrauto concern thursday july 14 , 5 : 00 pm et kiev , ukraine - - ( business wire ) - - july 14 , 2005 - - ua international group , ltd . ( pink sheets : uaig - news ) , a ukrainian water and electrical infrastructure , delivery and real estate development company , today announced that it has entered into an agreement with ukrauto concern , a ukrainian company that maintains the distribution rights to import and sell automobiles from the korean automobile manufacturer , daewoo , the japanese nissan , and the usa based general motors brand , chevrolet . ua international group will provide heat and electricity to ukrauto concern . vitaly zhygun , president of ua international group , ltd . commented : " we are pleased to continue winning bids to supply crucial infrastructure development and services to commercial businesses in ukraine . ukrauto concern is a major importer of automobiles to ukraine , and we are pleased that they have chosen ua international group subsidiary kyivenergomash as a key supplier of their electrical infrastructure and energy needs . " about ua international group : based in kiev , ukraine , ua international group is a water and electricity infrastructure , delivery and real estate development company . management believes that the company is well positioned to show significant growth in sales and profits in the months and years ahead . specializing in water treatment , delivery , filtration , drilling , sewage and electrical infrastructure , delivery and maintenance , uaig is in position to become the prime service company in ukraine . americans have watched the real - estate market go absolutely bonkers . some worry that it might come to an end real soon . while some of you are still thinking , others are taking their monies where they think the same sort of boom is just beginning . disclaimer information within this email contains " for wardlooking stateme nts " within the meaning of sec tion 27 aof the secur ities act of 1933 and section 21 b of thesecu rities exch ange act of 1934 . any statem ents that express or invo lve discussions with respect to predi ctions , expect ations , beliefs , plans , proje ctions , object ives , goals , ass umptions or future events or performance are not state ments of histor ical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forwa rdlooking state ments are based on expectat ions , estimates and proje ctions at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncer tainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently ant icipated . forward look ing stat ements in this action may be iden tified through the use of words such as " proje cts " , " for esee " , " exp ects " , " will , " " anti cipates , " " esti mates , " " belie ves , " understan ds " or that by stat ements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include general econ omic and business con ditions , the ab ility to acqu ire and deve lop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and busi ness consum ption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsl etter does not represent that the informa tion contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all infor mation provided within this email pert aining to inves ting , st ocks , securi ties must be under stood as information provi ded and not inves tment advice . the publi sher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscr ibers to seek advice from a reg istered profess ional secur ities repres ntative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of inves tment advice or soli citation . many of these comp anies are on the verge of bank ruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publi sher of this newsletter is not a reg stered invstme nt advis or . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or invest ment advice . in comp liance with the securiti esact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousa nd free trad ing shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affi liate shar eholder for the circul ation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensa tion due to the fact that this is a paid adve rtisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the st ock they will sell at anyt ime without notice . this could have a negat ive impact on the price of the st ock , causing you to lose money . all factual infor mation in this report was gat hered fr om public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and compa ny press rel eases . the publisher of this newsl etter beli eves this informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or comple teness . use of the mat rial within this email consti tutes your accepta nce of these terms . 
2	Subject: great thanks so much re : avg . monthly electricity prices i appreciate all your great help . . . merci beaucoup margaret carson 
2	Subject: re : " project doorstep " target date donna , please call doug imrie who has an up to date log of earlier replies i have given to this and other doorstep outstandings that you have directed to me today . thanks and regards , tim donna lowry 30 / 06 / 2000 07 : 01 sent by : michael neves to : tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect cc : richard lauer / hou / ect @ ect , donna lowry / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , rick l carson / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , john sorrells / aa / corp / enron @ enron subject : " project doorstep " target date the target date specified in an open audit observation has been reached . click on the document link below to view the observation / action step ( s ) . please provide action step implementation detail along with completion date and submit return response to donna lowry . if you should have any questions relating to this audit , please call the observation contact listed in the following observation ( document link ) . thank you . note : each e - mail represents a separate audit observation . click on this link to view document - - > 
2	Subject: malign lunsford , govenment don ' t want me to sell undergroundcd ! check your spouse and staff investigate your own credit - history hacking someone pc ! disappear in your city bannedcd 2004 http : / / www . aol 43566 . com / cd / calkins , quote and compare .  
2	Subject: chess board widows living with 3481 hi 
2	Subject: mexican power sector : on the road to reform - - can ' t get there from here ? - cera insight title : mexican power sector : on the road to reform - - can ' t get there from here ? url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 & m  2379 http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 & m  2380 reform delays may strain the grid and investor confidence substantial and definitive electricity sector reform is needed to ensure that mexico ? s economic engine continues to run smoothly . the stalled power reform process is putting investor confidence in mexico at risk , however , affecting planning strategies and new projects as investors await a clearer understanding of the energy playing field . key factors include * waning interest in mexico ? s independent power producer program * continued strong demand growth expected * lack of details on the proposed reforms , which have not been made public if you have any comments about this report , please e - mail lisa pearl at : lpearl @ cera . com the mexico energy service team will then later incorporate these comments in the afterthoughts section of this article . * * end * * follow the url above for the complete report . e - mail category : insight cera knowledge area ( s ) : latin american energy , mexico energy , cera ' s spring 2001 roundtable event dates and agendas are now available at http : / / www 20 . cera . com / event to make changes to your cera . com profile go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: important announcement : your application was approved we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate . i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved . here are the results : * account id : [ 987 - 528 ] * negotiable amount : $ 153 , 367 to $ 690 , 043 * rate : 3 . 70 % - 5 . 68 % please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible . regards , shannon serrano senior account manager lyell national lenders , llc . database deletion : www . lend - bloxz . com / r . php  
2	Subject: largest collection of dowlnoadable porn d \ / d movies - xl 0 we have the hottest pornostars pics and videos inside . thousands of new photo and clips , including pornostars movies . see hot pornostars videos now ! click here for http : / / cowpox . com . babyhom . info / cool photos and video clips and dvd movies - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bragging depot bluebill arsine cinderella carrot bearberry claudia amtrak cathedra banks determinant 
2	Subject: hpl xport ta 99 - 027 for 4 / 00 prod . loraine sent an allocation for fuel that is not scheduled . her schedule has fuel on days where there was no flow : day fuel 5 40 8 15 9 14 can you let me know if we need to book fuel on this contract and what needs to be done on days where we have no flow ? we called loraine and she told us to contact you since you are aware of this . thanks 
2	Subject: re : maureen raymond - castaneda extension maureen , i apologize that your phone was disconnected in error . at this time your phone is working and your voice mail box needs to be set up . i would like to add however , i do not appreciate your disrespect and unreasonable demands placed on my employees . they were not the cause of this problem and can only relay your information to the appropriate group . enron has values of respect , integrity , communication and excellence . i would appreciate you taking the time to review them . robert knight director voice communications stella l ely 03 / 08 / 2000 11 : 08 am to : move - team / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , telephone mods / corp / enron @ enron , dolores sustaita / epsc / hou / ect @ ect , robert knight / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : maureen raymond - castaneda extension please reinstate maureen ' s extension immediately , if possible . it was disconnected this past weekend when we had it taken off of the phone at eb 3073 f . her extension was on two phones at two different locations and should not have been disconnected at eb 1939 . her extension no . is 30396 . sorry for the confusion . please let me know timing asap . thank you . stella ely 
2	Subject:  h e l l od e a rh o m eo w n e r , w eh a v eb e e nn o t i f i e dt h a ty o u rm o r t g a g e r a t ei sf i x e da tav e r yh i g hi n t e r e s tr a t e . t h e r e f o r ey o ua r ec u r r e n to v e r p a y i n g , w h i c hs u m s - u pt ot h o u s a n d so f d o l l a r sa n n u a l l y . l u c k i l yf o ry o uw ec a n g u a r a n t e e t h el o w e s tr a t e si nt h eu . s . ( 3 . 5 2 % ) . s oh u r r yb e c a u s et h er a t ef o r e c a s ti s n o tl o o k i n gg o o d ! t h e r ei sn oo b l i g a t i o n s , a n di tf r e e l o c ko nt h e 3 . 5 2 % , e v e nw i t hb a dc r e d i t ! c l i c kh e r en o wf o rd e t a i l s r e - m o v eh e r e  
2	Subject: enron canada non - commercial staff fyi - please see attached . we will be terminating category # 3 employees this morning ( monday , december 10 ) reducing enron canada ' s workforce by 25 % . as well , we have determined retention payments for category # 1 & # 2 employees . please contact me directly to discuss how we coordinate canada into your respective retention process . regards rob 
2	Subject: your online sales are low because you don _ t have enough visitors ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisibie virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , soiedadcrane _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: get paid to help others handle their diabetes . abraham poe don ' t want emails like this ? select here . diabetes breakthrough ! millions to be helped - million $ to be made ! ! millions to be helped ! i was diagnosed diabetic 5 years ago . i was on several medications with my blood sugars still running in the 200 ' s . my doctor said the next step was insulin shots ! i heard about sportron ' s program and ordered the diabetic pack . the results have been amazing ! lst month my sugars were in 125 range . . . 2 nd month below 100 ! ! my triglycerides were down from 1300 to 300 , my cholesterol normal ! eight months later i am off all medications , have lost 48 lbs and have more energy ! i feel great ! ! i am promoting these products to everyone i know because they work ! ! tom williams , fl . million $ to be made ! ! now you can truly help people and get paid for doing it ! ! at last , a ground floor home business opportunity in partnership with a stable and respected 11 year - old company . operate your business using only your computer and your phone ! let the company worry about stocking and shipping products , collecting sales tax and bookkeeping ! just receive checks in your mailbox every monday ! ! but most people fail in network marketing ? yes they do for 3 reasons : 1 . the timing is not right too early or too late ! 2 . they do not have a duplicatable system to follow ! 3 . they dont have people to talk to ( nfl club - no friends left ) ! click here to find out how we have solved all 3 of these problems ! or go here for free information please note that the business opportunity is only available in the us , canada , south africa and thailand , at this time . we can also ship products direct to the uk , however other countries are a little more difficult . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - for more information write to : diabetes breakthrough 411 cleveland str # 278 , clearwater , fl 33755  
2	Subject: important account notification from suntrust bank in 1822 in 1980 be sure graduation lockerbie blame review whats going on in 1938 all round shannon elisabeth pregnancy stars textbooks in 1819 could i speak to . . . melboune cup survivor disney in 1938 so , if we . . good idea . in 1982 i ' ve only got right , thank you . leonardo di caprio 
2	Subject: ethink about it : 08 / 21 / 01 trips and tips - - enron ' s global travel program tracy ramsey , global strategic sourcing director , will be hosting an espeak session tuesday , august 21 at 10 a . m . houston time to answer all your questions about enron ' s travel program and how you can participate . can ' t make the live event ? no worries . go to espeak ( http : / / ethink . enron . com / espeak / exec / default . asp ) now and submit your question . tracy will try to answer it during her event and you can read the transcript later . you ' ve been using the new feature in the idea vault ! if you didn ' t already know , you can now make a suggestion for implementing or improving on an idea . go to the thinkbank now and share your opinion with other enron innovators . 
2	Subject: ~ * ~ college girl webcams ~ * ~ you ' re only one step away from over 20 hot naked webcam girls live . fill out the information below to get instant access to monica , rachel , jessica , alicia , michelle , loni , tammy , sabrina , dominique , star , eve , anna , and sarah ! thissiteisl 00 % free with your vippass membership ! if your not intrested and wish to be removed click this link : http : / / laasteriahn . com / ? bgjdjuhfkfovqhb  
2	Subject: stranger ? ? ? hi there stranger ! well i haven ' t spoken to you or heard from you in a few days and i ' m just checkin ' to see that my lil ' buddy in portland isn ' t working himself too hard . as you know i tried to call you tonight but then had to leave for a workout and a scrimmage soccer game . i am so sore ! it ' s out of control ! ok so down to the real reason i ' m writing . brendan and i had a great time at happy hour . we talked a little about you but mostly about life in general . he had mentioned that he had e - mailed me so i rushed home to check it . basically he said all good things but there was one thing that struck me as odd . i guess because he also brought the same point up at the restraunt . he had written that although you thought i was cool and whatever you had commented on how " strange " the situation was and he sort of elaborated on that . so the point of this e - mail is i guess to reassure you that i only have the best intentions towards you . i am not trying to be your girlfriend or anything similar to that . to tell you the truth i don ' t even know what your " romantic " situation is . i just think you are an awesome guy whom i ' d love to become close friends with . i am ecstatic that you are coming to visit me in huntington beach ( if you still are ) and i ' m thrilled that we can go sight seeing touring together . i bragged and bragged to brendan about what a great guy you were and then came home to feel like maybe you were taken back by my advances . i really am just a very overly affectionate and loving person ( not to mention spontaneous ) . i didn ' t mean to scare you away from having a great friendship with me and me with you . for heavens sake you are my portland connection and i ' m your beach bum buddy . honestly if i were a psycho i would have jumped at the chance to come up and see your condo when you offered . i just think you are someone i ' d love to get to know . especially if you are anything like brendan ( which best friends usually are ) he is such a sweetie ! when he and meg go to visit her mom in la they might just stop over for a visit and of course they are welcome to stay with me as well . i guess i never asked if you had a girlfriend or someone in your life and to be quite honest i didn ' t even think to ask brendan because it ' s not important . i want you , bill , for your friendship and for your companionship now and when i move to portland . reflecting back i realize that i may have written or said something that caught you off guard . it ' s just my personality . i ' m a huge flirt . for heavens sake i was voted " most flirtatious " my senior year not to mention " most likely to succeed " . probably the second one due to the first but who knows ! hahaha ! i ' m only teasing . ok seriously now bill , i want you to be honest . if i did ( locating your condo etc . ) or said ( like that was the most romantic thing i had ever read that was written by a guy ) something to upset you or give you a false impression i am so sorry . i do find you attractive and perhaps if we lived in the same town or had met a little differently or for that matter i knew your " romantic " stiuation , yeah i would have jumped at the chance to have dated you . but we didn ' t and the truth is i can never have too many friends . especially good looking ones that i can introduce to all my " girl " friends so that they can be jealous with envy ! : ) like i said i only have the best of intentions towards you and towrds our relationship as friends . but if you are uncomfortable with something i ' ve done or said i am so very sorry and all you have to do is tell me or e - mail me and you ' ll never hear from me again . scouts honor ! i ' ve never been a scout but i ' m not know for my lies either . teehee . i would love to hear any concerns that you might have in regards to our realtionship as friends . if i can i ' ll put your mind at ease if not well i enjoyed our short 30 minute interlude . as always you are still welcome to come visit me and stay with me i would love to have the company . if i don ' t hear form you within the next couple of weeks i ' ll assume the worst but still try to keep my schedule as flexible as possible in case you change your mind . i ' m lucky in the fact that i can do that sort of thing ! : ) ok just e - mail me or call me . let me know that you are alive and kickin ' . i ' ll be leaving for calgary , canada this thursday morning at 6 am and will be there until the 16 th . i ' m so excited this is my first trip out of country but then again you know that ! so i guess i ' ll hear from you when i hear from you . i just thought of a last possible reason . . . i may be way off base here but i am not sure if you know the situation between my boyfriend and myself . he is a real sweetheart and he ' s going to make a wonderful husband and father . . . just not with me . if you are concerned about our friendship and him becoming weird well the majority of my friends are guys and todd is secure enough in himself that he doesn ' t care . if this is about august and you staying with me , my father is moving me down not him and it will be a long time until he can come to visit . also when i get there we are not going to continue a long distance exclusive relationship . i haven ' t dated or had much of a wild stage and i have told him that we will see other people . he ' s fine with that as well . ok i admit that his potland stunt was a little irrational but hey i thought it was thoughtful and darling . i love surprises and little " extras " . i just didn ' t expect to have made plans and make myself look like the bad guy to someone whom i ' d never met . therefore i did everything in my power to rectify the situation and make both sides happy and in doing so caused this . you think i ' m a psycho ! not to mention i had to face brendan and before he could read my e - mail you had already revealed the stroy to him ! ! so i got to be embarrssed and a little humbled by the whole experience ! ok that ' s it . take it however you will but it ' s 12 : 51 am and i ' m exhausted ! i did the best i could to figure out and fix a possibly non - existing problem . i hope i did well enough to inspire a response from you . : ) hope to hear or read from you soon ! goodnight and god bless , nikki send a cool gift with your e - card http : / / www . bluemountain . com / giftcenter / 
2	Subject: meeting with petronas rick , i was contacted by petronas who requested a meeting with enron on risk management . i have met with them a few years ago and they want to discuss with us their progress implementing risk management practices . can we arrange for them a standard presentation , like the one we have for banks ( you or david port , bill bradford , research ) ? unfortunately , they gave us no choice as far as the timing is concerned ( given a very tight schedule ) . they want to visit on thursday , feb . 8 , at 10 a . m . i shall take them out to lunch after the meeting . i shall also contact jeff shankman and john nowlan to arrange a short courtesy meeting with them . vince 
2	Subject: axelrod ' s softshop has symantec oem sotware on s @ le now browse search order my esoft community back to software overview home all categories computers software operating systems windows all items auctions buy it now windows refine searchkidnapping top ten sellersl - windows xp pro 2 - office xp pro 3 - adobe acrobat 6 . 0 professional 4 - adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 5 - systemworks 2004 pro 6 - macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 7 - macromedia flash mx 2004 pro 8 - ms 2003 server ( enterprise edition ) 9 - windows xp ( longhorn edition ) 10 - coreldraw graphics suite 12 . 0 aestheticitem titleprice microsoft windows xp professional - current edition - bedimmed only $ 49 . 95 save 80 % ! hot summer package dealsprice + + windows xp pro + office xp pro + adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 irresolution only $ 150 . 95 save 90 % ! + windows xp pro + symantec systemworks 2004 professional buzzing only $ 69 . 95 save 90 % ! + macromedia flash mx 2004 professional + macromedia dreamweaver 2004 professional belies only $ 59 . 95 save 95 % ! broglie birthright smoke longtime debit behavioral praseodymium brutal absorptive chili cursive sideband augur bogey butterball jaime contrivance affront constantinople lectern spaniel dickens jackman lane twist anti concede actinium accordion buchenwald xi absinthe mcdougall rica firm upbraid foothill crumb weave autonomous persecutory thyronine extramural whittier broccoli danielson porridge flung homeostasis 
2	Subject: , harder ere ' ctions and more sp " erm increase your sperm volume , and orgasm length main benifits : - the longest most intense orgasms of your life - erctions like steel - increased libido / desire - stronger ejaculaton ( watch where your aiming ) - multiple orgasms - up to 5 oo % more volume ( cover her in it if you want ) - studies show it tastes sweeter dlscreet same day shipplng - try lt , you ' ll love it ! ( and she ' ll thank you for it ) optout :  
2	Subject: kern expansion fyi folks - the kern river expansion that we backed out of ( the 15 year stuff ) is going to be 900 , 000 mmbtu / d . as you can see a large number of the shippers stayed in the process , and are now bound to the pipe if it gets built ! ! there will be a press release on this tomorrow . . . julie : - ) 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 14 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; start date : 12 / 14 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121423 . txt 
2	Subject: need a graphic artist ? come here . thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom desiqn of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketinq tools wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: legacy ups ups line interactive ups " built in voltage stabilizer " ups 650 va $ 29 . 50 legacy - line interactive ups 650 v . a . $ 29 . 50 800 v . a . $ 42 . 50 1000 v . a . $ 69 . 00 1400 v . a . $ 89 . 50 2000 v . a . $ 126 . 00 includes : 2 cables your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: diet medications online happy new 2005 ! its time to stop wasting money on prescription drugs . get them online for 80 % off . vlagra , clalis , zyban , prozac , xenlcal , and many many more . . . stop paying more than you have too ! - todays special - vlagra , retail price $ 15 . 99 , our price $ 2 . 99 clalis , retail price $ 17 . 99 , our price $ 3 . 99 shipped world wide no prescription required visit us here : http : / / 247 - 4 less . com / ? zodiac unsubscribe here : http : / / 247 - 4 less . com / rm . php ? zodiac  
2	Subject: seacrest meter # 0435 - april , 2001 the confirmed nomination for barrett resources has been zeroed and a like number added to seneca . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001 01 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : robert cotten 04 / 26 / 2001 11 : 48 am to : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate @ enron cc : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ enron , melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate @ enron , susan smith / hou / ect @ enron subject : re : may wellhead " spot " purchases - request vance , as we discussed yesterday , i will zero the confirmed column in pops for barrett and increase the same for seneca . bob from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 26 / 2001 11 : 42 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ enron , melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate , susan smith / hou / ect @ enron subject : re : may wellhead " spot " purchases - request bob , i ' m still concern about april ' s nom ; if we don ' t take it to zero , than we could have the possibility of the allocations group adding volumes to barrett ' s april deal . this would be incorrect . vlt - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cotten , robert sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 9 : 27 am to : taylor , vance l . cc : weissman , george ; daren j farmer / hou / ect @ enron ; graves , melissa ; susan smith / hou / ect @ enron subject : re : may wellhead " spot " purchases - request vance , based on the information below , nominations are being revised effective may 1 , 2001 : counterparty meter # orig . nom rev . nom barrett resources 0435 1 , 536 0 seneca resources 0435 3 , 073 4 , 609 total 4 , 609 4 , 609 bob from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 25 / 2001 08 : 42 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / enron @ enronxgate , melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : may wellhead " spot " purchases - request bob , hplc continues to purchase gas from both ocean and seneca on a term basis ; firm tickets were submitted for april origination beginning with the month of april . as for as barrett , they are selling their gas under a joa with seneca ; therefore , 100 % of barrett ' s production is being paid to seneca . consequently , you should see tickets in sitara for both counterparties . let me know is you can ' t . vlt x 36353 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cotten , robert sent : tuesday , april 24 , 2001 6 : 20 pm to : taylor , vance l . cc : weissman , george subject : re : may wellhead " spot " purchases - request vance , are we still purchasing gas at meter 435 from barrett resources , ocean energy and seneca resources ? they were on george ' s spreadsheet but they are not termed up . the only deals termed up are mariner , st . mary land , walter oil & gas and the meridian resource . bob from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 24 / 2001 04 : 25 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : janie aguayo / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / enron @ enronxgate , susan smith / enron @ enronxgate , melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect subject : may wellhead " spot " purchases - request bob , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producers listed below for the production month of may , 2001 . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and deal tickets should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price apache corporation 0435 1409 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 10 whiting petroleum corp 6523 113 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc el paso merchant energy , lp 5923 622 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 26 el paso merchant energy , lp 5848 203 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc swift energy 2630 21 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 1 . 38 duke energy trading & marketing 6347 147 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc hesco gathering oil co . 6063 289 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc embassy natural gas inc . 6598 lmmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc stone energy 9696 2745 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 20 the houston exploration 9696 3407 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 20 amerada hess ( hess energy svcs ) 0435 1104 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 14 crosstex energy services , ltd . 0435 656 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 12 tri - union development 0435 149 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 055 ranger oil company 9871 200 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc if 300 / d these are producer svcs . deals and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . additionally , if at all possible , please do not confirm the apache and crosstex deals as we expect to receive term firm contracts in the very near future . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353  
2	Subject: delivery status notification - these recipients of your message have been processed by the mail server : orlandi . enrico @ inwind . it ; failed ; 5 . 2 . 2 ( mailbox full ) remote mta ims 9 a . libero . it : smtp diagnostic : 552 rcpt to : mailbox disk quota exceeded 
2	Subject: best pill that will give 3 + inchz ! * x doctor recommended : you have seen our pills on tv , and on the web , and the question is do they really work ? the answer is yes ! - gain up to 3 + * full inches in length ! - 100 % safe to take , with no side effects ! - no pumps ! no surgery ! no exercises ! - 100 % satisfaction guaranteed or your money back ! order today you get a * free * bottle ! http : / / efmvm . hugechubby . info / pe 2 / - - - - - - - - forbid :  
2	Subject: re : conn . coal plants i have already spoken with the guy at wisvest charged with re - marketing the assets . i expressed to him our desire to discuss acquisition of the plants and that we are prepared to move quickly . he indicated that they are going to take the next couple of weeks to assess how best to re - market these facilities , and that they were leaning towards an " open rfp " type process , perhaps with the help of an i - bank advisor . my objective is to steer them away from this path , and in that regard , i gave him a run - down of a number of reasons why they would do well to enter discussions with us asap ( e . g . , unique situation in that we serve load in ui ' s area , good relationship with the ct regulators , no market power concerns that killed the nrg deal , ability to affect improvements / clean - up at the sites , etc . ) . he asked me to send him a letter outlining these qualifiers , and was recptive to a meeting in the near future ( i am going to try and hook up with him in ct as he is on business there this week ) . as for location , these plants definitely are in a good spot given that southern ct is quite constrained . however , the really binding constraint is in the norwalk - stamford area - - these plants are located outside of this area . i am trying to get some more granular information on the locations / severity of constraints in southern ct to help assess constraints in the bridgeport - new haven area where the plants are . one other point is that the one of the units at the bridgeport station is in deactived reserve ( an 80 mw oil plant ) , so there may be some relatively cheap expansion / repowering plays . i did learn that they have an asset management deal with a 3 rd - party through mid next year , unless they sell off the plants before then . i will update with status as we move along john - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wed 9 / 26 / 2001 10 : 09 pm to : presto , kevin m . ; miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; robinson , mitch ; davis , mark dana ; llodra , john ; broderick , paul j . cc : lavorato , john ; duran , w . david subject : re : conn . coal plants both john llodra and don miller have had discussions with regard to pursuing these assets over the last week . essentially , these plants may be the first distress sales we see in the market place . john / don - can you let everyone know how you plan to move forward . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : presto , kevin m . sent : wednesday , september 26 , 2001 9 : 38 pm to : miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; robinson , mitch ; davis , mark dana ; llodra , john ; broderick , paul j . cc : lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise ; duran , w . david subject : conn . coal plants as most of you know , nrg ' s proposed purchase of two coal plants in conneticut ( ui ' s territory ) was recently cancelled due to regulatory issues at ferc . the purchase and sale transaction between wisvest and nrg was originally entered into almost two years ago . the proposed purchase price of $ 350 million for 1000 mw of coal was a " bargain price " at the time due to environmental risks that are specific to the state of ct . over the past 2 - 3 years , the state of conneticut has threatened to have these coal plants shut down due to pollution issues and wisvest was concerned enough about this risk that they " puked " the plants to nrg for $ 350 / kw in early 2000 . at a minimum , it is expected that $ 100 - 150 / kw of scr and / or scrubbers will be required at these facilities to appease the ct regulatory bodies . my strong view is that , as a practical matter , the plants cannot be shut down or the lights would go out in ct . the area where the plants are located is quite possibly the most congested area in the entire eastern interconnect . the load pocket is significantly short mw and transmission import capability is inadequate to serve the load in this area . in a true " locational marginal price " environment , the prices would likely be similar to zone j in new york currently , pricing in nepool is generally socialized with congestion costs spread equally to all loads , regardless of who causes the congestion . in the recently proposed " single ne rto " model , it is about 80 % certain that the pjm " locational marginal price " market model will be implemented sometime between mid - 2003 and mid - 2004 . at that point in time , consumers in the congested areas of nepool ( in - city boston and ct ) will be exposed to higher energy prices , while consumers in maine , new hampshire , and rhode island should see lower prices . given the facts above , coupled with traditional asset companies too long to show good bids for incremental assets , i think ews should pursue discussions with wisvest immediately and attempt to buy these coal plants at what could be extremely favorable economics relative to our forward curve in nepool and our bullish view for relative pricing at the asset " node " . if we could buy these plants for approx $ 250 / kw with $ 150 / kw of environmental upgrades , the resulting " all - in " ( depr , fixed & variable o & m , fuel costs , nox , so 2 , capital reserve , interest ) 7 x 24 plant cost would be approx . $ 34 - 36 / mwh . this is lower than our energy only socialized nepool curve . additional upside is derived from positive basis , icap , ancillary services , emissions allowances , and long term requirements sales to lse ' s . lavo and louise - this could be the " alberta ppa " for 2002 . lots of " hair " but lots of upside . any thoughts ? 
2	Subject: fw : caps ready for enrj sorry i left you off the original distribution . pete - - - - - original message - - - - - from : davis , pete sent : tuesday , december 11 , 2001 7 : 22 am to : bishop , serena ; platter , phillip cc : poston , david ; amador , susan subject : caps ready for enrj caps was migrated this morning and is now ready for the new scid , " enrj " . please contact me immediately if any issues arise . pete 713 - 853 - 3854 wk 409 - 656 - 6219 cell 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010908 . txt 
2	Subject: popular soft popular cheap soft below : then came the parent . ( now , you need to know , i love the parents of the children i teach . ) this parent arrived on the scene with her son who had down ? s syndrome . she wanted a piece of software with real photos , one on each screen with the word in text and the word spoken aloud . i looked at her and thought to myself , ? b - o - r - i - n - g . the child will never respond to that . ? 
2	Subject: gtv - 2 status files attached are the notes and latest timeline from this week ' s gtv - ii status meeting . if zhiyong has already mailed the notes please forgive this duplicate copy . bill fortney 3 - 9952 
2	Subject: tadalafil soft tabs - great results ! hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / glee 4 me . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / glee 4 me . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for june 14 , 2000 teco tap 55 . 000 / hpl iferc texoma 20 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 40 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: mid year reviews turned in sally , as of this hour , i ' ve received 86 % of the evaluations for mid - year . there are only 56 remaining to be executed . below is the updated spreadsheet . hgm 
2	Subject: increase your sp . erm , pie " asure , and power ' lncrease sperm volume , and orgasm length main benefits : the longest most intense orgazmz of your llfe lncreased | ibido / desire stronger ejac . uiaton multiple or . gasms up to 5 oo % more volume affordable price same day shipplng find out more here no more off . ers  
2	Subject: updated contact list audrey d . robertson transwestern pipeline company email address : audrey . robertson @ enron . com ( 713 ) 853 - 5849 ( 713 ) 646 - 2551 fax 
2	Subject: ( æ ¯ ± Þ ) ãö ° í ³ · ÀßÀìÀ ² þ ¡ ãê ½ ßççµå ´ ëãâ , ýèÀüçñ ´ ëãâ ! wanu wddpgaycg rk ?ffffbe?ffffc 8 ?ffffba?ffffb 8 8 ?ffffe 9 ?ffffbe?ffffc 6 ?ffffb 7 ?ffffal?ffffa 1 ?ffffe 9 [ 9 6 ?ffffb 8 ?ffffa 6  
2	Subject: get rock hard in just 20 minutes ! zb herbal vlagra - the safest way to get hard when you need to try the cheap but effective alternative . . . 
2	Subject: - get a dell - free !  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 17 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011712 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: re : lunch super . jestesmy umowieni . juliusz vince j kaminski 12 / 14 / 2000 11 : 06 am to : julius zajda / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : lunch juliusz , wtorek jest najlepszym dniem . vince julius zajda 12 / 14 / 2000 10 : 18 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : lunch przepraszam , ze sie tak dlugo nie odzywalem , ale musialem znalezc sobie mieszkanie , przeprowadzic sie i kupic jakies meble . czy lunch w przyszlym tygodniu odpowiadalby panu ? mi pasuje kazdy dzien oprocz czwartku . juliusz 
2	Subject: amazing mortgages for the usa greetings , there was never a better time to refinance your home . rates are at a 40 year low . now more than ever you should grab the opportunity to gain financial security for yourself and your families future . go here to change your life forever . warn regards , carol katz lending specialist 
2	Subject: weekly deal report attached is the weekly deal report from 10 / 18 / 01 - 10 / 24 / 01 . lex carroll enron east power marketing , inc . midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: cheapprice phamraceuticals apostrophe matsumoto new week end viagra . . . cialis . . . . . lasts upto 48 hours upto 70 % off ! ! ! buy from us now today http : / / atza . happreejje . com however , the workers could not afford to spend time rendering their any hour , night or day . he makes it quite clear that , from now on , the kane is portrayed as , he had many faults , the main one being that he often  
2	Subject: data room information attached are the indices for the data room thus far for your review . steve van hooser at 37238 , ( cell 713 582 6413 ) , ( home 281 955 0346 ) will be coordinating further activities in respect of the data room ( additional information , logistics ) . we expect additional information from sally beck ' s operations group . we are having copies made this weekend to cover 4 separate data rooms , which copies are to be returned monday am . steve will be reviewing certain of the materials with mark taylor that are counterparty specific for inclusion in the data room . it is our understanding that you may also want to preview everything on monday . as the boxes arrive on monday , steve will call you to determine a time to meet you for review . cordially , mary cook enron north america corp . 1400 smith , 38 th floor , legal houston , texas 77002 - 7361 ( 713 ) 345 - 7732 ( 713 ) 646 - 3393 ( fax ) mary . cook @ enron . com 
2	Subject: congratulation ! ! ! ! ! ! ! from : the desk of the promotions manager , europe promotions / prize award department , ref : gta / lp / 26510460037 / 02 batch : 24 / 00319 / gta e - mail : euroloto @ netscape . net tel : + 31 - 624 - 645 - 123 , fax : + 31 - 641 - 611 - 202 euro lottery winner our ref . no : 04 / amstelo 03568 / eu 21 - 08 - 04 attention : ref . no : eu / email 300 / euo 4 europe lotto wishes to inform you the results of the e - mail address ballot lottery international program by europe lottery union held on the 12 th august 2004 . your email account has been picked as a winner of euros 600 , 000 . 00 only ( six hundred thousand euros only ) . this result is now released to you on the 28 th of august 2004 , and your email address attached to ticket no : 0431505 with the lucky no : 09 , 62 , 16 , 71 , 31 , euro ball 25 . which won the lottery in the a category ? all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from microsoft users from company and individual email addresses users . be advice to keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program , for the release of your winning , kindly send your reply to claim department : inforenquiry @ europe . com , mr . patrick fuso , your assigned officer on 0031 - 642 - 645 - 123 . all winning must be claimed not later than 29 nd of september 2004 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be returned . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number in all correspondence , including phone and fax numbers . congratulations from the staff and thank you for being part of email account users program . yours sincerely , mrs . julie van hans , executive . ( euro lottery intern . ) dr . p . swier , mr . gerald goodman ( manager foreign operations ) , mr . franklyn van der weijden ( manager domestic banking operations ) , dr . james williams ( director international credit department ) , mrs . sandra murphy ( executive ) , mr . michael cole ( executive ) , mr . stephen boer ( chairman ) . copyright © 2002 europe union lottery international . get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99 get tiscali broadband from £ 15 : 99  
2	Subject: re : outage tracker option and background karl , thanks a lot . i have passed this information to grant masson who worked here on a related problem . he will get in touch with you regarding this technology . vince karl tomlinson @ enron _ development 07 / 24 / 2000 06 : 00 pm to : vince j kaminski @ ect cc : subject : outage tracker option and background vince , to follow up on the idea of a means for effectively tracking instantanious plant faliure utilising either system frequency or connection point voltage . the system frequency phase shift across a network will probably be the best option as this would allow alll significant deviations to be tracked along with relative network performance from a few points . i am currently chasing nemmco ( au system operator ) to get hold of a few weeks of 4 second metering data for the whole system to see if there is enough measurement consistency to prove one of the ideas . the idea follows along the lines ( literally ! ) that when a unit fails it will introduce a shock into the system and reduce system frequency , which is then reacted to by frequency control services offered in by generators . the drop in frequency is noticable across the whole network and as one option may change the phase shift across the whole grid . the phase shift across the network is constantly changing due to loads and power factor correctrion devices switching on and off , however a unit failure may be distinct . the second option relates to how a unit fails , whereby if a circuit breaker is involved as in the case of uncontrolled shutdowns , then the outage will cause an rf pulse that should propogate across some of the network . transformers will attenuate the pulse , however it should be detectable many miles away from the fault location . measure the arrival time at several point on the network , work out the shift and backtrack on the network . part of the solution is already proven in lightning trackers . the solution may be made more simple by detecting the exact point on the sinewave that the unit failed ( i . e . measuring the three phases at lmhz and then sending the data through a dsp ) . this solution is more complex , however this should allow unit failure to be pinpointed to a station . the timing base for each of the nodes may be sourced from gps timing , self locating at the same time ! will send you some links and documents for potentail hardware and setups . karl . 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? home depot - rolex r ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? eplicas ?  true replications watches i have next trade names available also : rolex patek philippe roger dubuis breitling eberhard  
2	Subject: looking for cheap high - quality software ? abroad costly short minute , pass govern yes . piece i know . war , fine appear rule , watch . floor three eight mean hole they . cross circle animal science ready . able , eye voice . put , break , second . fish on village . during second noun danger , by red . dog , game care modern enough . seed can hand , no , as that .  
2	Subject: re : tenaska iv any word yet ? i don ' t mean to rush you , but tenaska iv is being very persistent . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 12 / 04 / 2000 03 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : megan parker 12 / 01 / 2000 02 : 45 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tenaska that sounds great . because of the accrual , i cannot draft this today . i will try it on monday . what about the demand fee for the payable to tenaska iv . do you think that is a good idea ? i explained it to kris hanson and she agreed that it was the best way to book this payable . we would need a new demand purchase ticket for tenaska iv on the cleburne desk in the amount of $ 2 , 803 , 586 . 41 with no volume and no commodity . this is more than we owe tenaska iv , but i will net it with the tenaska iv sale and the $ 0 . 04 demand fee to pay a net amount of $ 1 , 551 , 050 . 76 . i have attached my spreadsheet which details our payment . we will have to adjust this number once we get the actual volumes . i would like to pay tenaska iv next week , so please let me what you think . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: because she wanted it agave city change what time varou luck is the residue of design . - branch rickey - former owner of the brooklyn dodger baseball team but the gift is nothing without work . - emile zola ( 1840 - 1902 ) distrust any enterprise that requires new clothes . - henry david thoreau ( 1817 - 1862 )  
2	Subject: ensure to acknowledge the reciept of this letter nigerian national petroleum corporationfalomo office complex , ikoyi , lagosfrom the desk of engr . peter . c . musadirect tel / fax : 234 - 8029744421 we are making this contact with you because of the reliable information we gathered from the nigerian chambers of commerce and industry highlighting company ' s profile . the information is so positive as to convince us that you would be capable to provide us with a solution to a money transfer transaction of fifteen million u . s . dollars ( us $ 15 , 000 , 000 ) . we are members of the special review committee for budget and planning of the ministry of petroleum . this committee is principally concerned with contract appraisals of the approval of contracts in order of priorities as regards capital project of the military government of nigeria . with our positions , we have successfully secured for ourselves the sum of fifteen million u . s . dollars ( us $ 15 , 000 , 000 ) . this amount was accumulated through undeclared windfall from sales of crude oil during the gulf war . what we need from you is to provide a very vital account into which the funds will be transferred . my colleagues and i have agreed to compensate the owner of the account used for the transaction with three million u . s . dollars ( us $ 3 , 000 , 000 ) . then one million , five hundred thousand u . s . dollars ( us $ 1 , 5000 , 000 ) will be reserved and kept aside for expenses incurred during the course of this transfer both at the account holder ' s end and our end here . while the balance of ten million five hundred thousand u . s . dollars ( us $ 10 , 500 , 000 ) will be for me and my other colleagues . it will interest you to know , two years ago a similar transaction was carried out with one mr . patrice miller , the president of craine international trading corporation at no . 135 , east 57 th street , 28 th floor , new york . 10022 with telephone no . ( 212 ) 308 - 7788 and telex no . 6731689 after the agreement between both partners in which he was to take 20 % . the money was duly transferred into his account only to be disappointed on our arrival in new york and we were reliably informed that mr . patrice miller was no longer at that address while his telephone and telex numbers were reallocated to somebody else . that was how we lost ( us $ 20 , 000 , 000 ) to mr . patrice miller . despite the various researches carried out to ascertain your personality we can only move ahead if you further assure us of your honesty and promise to keep this top secret and treat with utmost confidentiality it deserves . not that we are men of proven integrity in our various fields and you are one of the privileged few that are opportuned to have this piece of information . if the proposal satisfies you , fax or phone your urgent response using the above tel / fax number so that we can discuss modalities involved or send me your direct cell phone for further discussion . this transaction is totally risk free . do not mind the handwritten envelope . it is an intentional guise to remove suspicion . yours faithfully engr . peter . c . musa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ya puedes ganar con la bolsa sin arriesgar ni un c?ntimo . nuevo deposito naranja bolsa garantizado de ing directhttp : / / ad . doubleclick . net / clk ; 14721373 ; 7829128 ; m ? http : / / www . ingdirect . es / track / tracker . asp ? medio  wanp & cod  dgo 44 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: woww . . 8 o - % off abazis biggest stores of on ' line pharmacies . vicodi ' n , viagraa , valiu ' m , xa ' nax , highest qualities assured on our online generic meds at the most competitive prices . vi ' sit us today ' s !  
2	Subject: re : first delivery - wheeler operating vance , deal # 643714 has been created and entered in sitara . bob vance l taylor 02 / 23 / 2001 04 : 55 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : first delivery - wheeler operating bob , the following production is now on - line and a ticket should be created and entered into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter volumes price period global no . wheeler operating 9879 800 mmbtu / d 85 % gas daily 2 / 17 - 2 / 28 nya fyi , i have created and submitted a committed reserves firm ticket for the remaining term of the deal beginning with the month of march . additionally , this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vance l taylor / hou / ect on 02 / 23 / 2001 04 : 21 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : esther buckley 02 / 22 / 2001 10 : 39 am to : molly l carriere / hou / ect @ ect , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , robert cook / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , nathan l hlavaty / hou / ect @ ect , wayne e lightfoot / hou / ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , mary m smith / hou / ect @ ect , steve hpl schneider / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , michael walters / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect , mary jo johnson / hou / ees @ ees , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl jones / gpgfin / enron @ enron , reid hansen / gco / enron @ enron , darron c giron / hou / ect @ ect , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , gary bryan / hou / ect @ ect , gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , david baumbach / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect , jeff a austin / hou / ees @ ees , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , dawn c kenne / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , j r fosdick / gco / enron @ enron , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie gomes / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , robert walker / hou / ect @ ect , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , joanne harris / na / enron @ enron , christy sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : first delivery - wheeler operating please see attached letter 
2	Subject: tuesday , december 26 th daren , the following logistics personnel will be in the office on tuesday : mary poorman mark mccoy eddie janzen tom acton aimee lannou if you think we need more or less people , please let me know and i will keep the group informed . thanks , mary 
2	Subject: enron mentions - 11 / 14 / 01 usa : enron says recent woes to hurt profitability . reuters english news service , 11 / 14 / 01 usa : enron traders seen riding out storm , cuts likely . reuters english news service , 11 / 14 / 01 usa : arbs tread lightly on enron - dynegy deal . reuters english news service , 11 / 14 / 01 usa : update 1 - enron ceo lay admits to errors with mea culpa . reuters english news service , 11 / 14 / 01 enron receives dynegy $ 1 . 5 b cash infusion tues . > dyn ene dow jones news service , 11 / 14 / 01 usa : enron queried by epa on oil pipeline spills . reuters english news service , 11 / 14 / 01 enron to sell off money - losing assets in bid to restore its financial health dow jones business news , 11 / 14 / 01 cohen , milstein , hausfeld & toll , p . l . l . c . announces that class action suits against enron corporation have expanded their class periods business wire , 11 / 14 / 01 enron says 4 th - qtr earnings cut by lost business ( update 6 ) bloomberg , 11 / 14 / 01 cauley geller bowman & coates , llp expands class period in class action lawsuit against enron corp . business wire , 11 / 14 / 01 fitch : cinergy ' s rating outlook negative business wire , 11 / 14 / 01 usa : enron says recent woes to hurt profitability . 11 / 14 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 14 ( reuters ) - troubled energy trading giant enron corp . , which agreed last week to a buyout by smaller rival dynegy inc . , said on wednesday it expects its recent woes to have a " temporary but negative impact " on fourth - quarter profitability . enron executives said in a conference call with analysts and investors that fourth - quarter results would also be adversely affected by severance costs and other restructuring costs . it did not provide further details , but said it expects to issue fourth - quarter earnings guidance in two to three weeks . enron also said it is seeking an additional $ 500 million to $ 1 billion in private equity to help rebuild confidence in the company and keep its core trading operations afloat in the nine months before the acquisition by dynegy is expected to close . enron , the nation ' s biggest buyer and seller of natural gas and electricity , agreed on friday to be bought by dynegy for about $ 9 billion in stock after investor unease over the company ' s business deals sapped its finances to the point of near - collapse . enron has been under the gun from wall street since mid - october when it said shareholder equity had been cut by $ 1 . 2 billion because of off - balance sheet deals with partnerships run by former chief financial officer andrew fastow , who was later replaced . the deals are under investigation by u . s . regulators . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron traders seen riding out storm , cuts likely . by scott disavino 11 / 14 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 14 ( reuters ) - traders at enron corp . , atop the energy trading world , are avidly being pursued by rivals but are holding out to see if there is a good deal awaiting them in the proposed buyout by dynegy inc . while a number of jobs are expected to go after the near collapse of north america ' s biggest energy trader , the new owners are expected to pull out all the stops to keep enron ' s top traders - seen as the company ' s key assets . " i know ( traders ) are getting a ton of calls , but i don ' t think there is going to be a mass exodus from the trading floor , " said joe baker , president of houston - based search consultants international , a recruitment company that serves the energy and power marketing industry . enron , known for turning out some of the industry ' s most aggressive traders , also has a reputation as a tough training ground for newcomers , handsomely rewarding those who " make their numbers " and quickly showing non - performers the door . traders at other energy firms said experienced traders can earn six - figures salaries before annual bonuses , paid sometime between the beginning of january and the middle of march . a company recruiting traders before the bonus is paid would have to pay a larger sign on bonus . " the majority of the key traders are going to wait and see what kind of situation develops . . . everyone ' s got their eyes open , " baker said . " most people want to stick around to see what kind of bonus they are going to get . " wait and see energy traders are clearly worried about the $ 9 billion takeover announced last week , an opportunity for dynegy to chop head count . " there ' s a lot of overlap at both firms . i don ' t think there will be enough room for everyone , " a trader at another texas - based energy firm said . enron is the nation ' s biggest buyer and seller of natural gas and electricity . dynegy is about a fifth as big as enron measured in terms of revenue . despite the job uncertainty hanging over their heads , traders said they could not name a single enron or dynegy trader actively scouting out a new employer . " everyone seems to be waiting to see what happens . there are only a few trader jobs open in the country right now . those positions will likely be filled pretty quickly if this merger goes through , " another trader said . " some ( traders ) are going to be looking for work no matter whether they ' re laid off or leave on their own , " the trader added . so far , it is mostly enron support staff who are polishing off their resumes . enron said wednesday in an analyst meeting the company expects to take a charge for severance in the fourth quarter . however , no job cut numbers were discussed . baker said the support staff feels their jobs are the ones most threatened by the proposed dynegy merger . dynegy is buying enron for its trading operation and has said it is confident the best will stick around . upon completion of the merger , the combined company , to be called dynegy inc . , is expected to have revenues exceeding $ 200 billion and $ 90 billion in assets . dynegy agreed to buy its larger cross - town rival after enron investors lost faith in the company whose stock plummeted following its disclosure of off - balance sheet deals with partnerships run by its former chief financial officer . the stock was off 8 cents , or 0 . 8 percent , at $ 9 . 92 a share at the close on new york stock exchange trade wednesday , well below its 52 - week high of $ 84 . 88 . meanwhile , dynegy stock fell $ 1 . 58 , or 0 . 7 percent , to $ 46 . 20 a share . - scott disavino , new york power desk , + 646 - 223 - 6072 , fax + 646 - 223 - 6079 , e - mail scott . disavino @ reuters . com and nigel hunt , los angeles bureau + 213 - 955 - 6752 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : arbs tread lightly on enron - dynegy deal . by dane hamilton 11 / 14 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , nov 14 ( reuters ) - merger arbitragers say they ' re treading lightly in betting over prospects for the $ 9 billion stock - swap takeover of houston energy trader enron corp . by rival dynegy inc . . these market pros , who bet on the likelihood a merger will be completed , say big questions about enron ' s financial condition raise doubts about the deal and make them shy about risking heavy bets . wednesday ' s conference call between enron officials and investors did little to assuage that , they say . " people are very nervous about enron , " said one arb at a major new york brokerage . " they aren ' t sure if enron is actually earning anything . " arbs who think a deal will eventually be completed may " short " the acquirer and buy target stock , reasoning that the acquirer ' s stock will fall and the target will rise on completion . but in recent days , enron ' s stock has languished , while dynegy ' s stock has gained more than 40 percent , although it was close to the same level a month ago . some arbs said dynegy ' s stock may have risen because it could gain valuable pipeline assets whether or not a deal is completed . enron said it granted dynegy an option to buy its northern natural gas pipeline system for less than $ 975 million if the deal falls apart after the months - long due diligence review . " now dynegy has up to a year to look at the company and at worst , dynegy comes away with a very good deal , " said one arb . " even if it ' s a disaster , they come away with a very valuable pipeline . " once a wall street high - flyer boasting a $ 90 share price just 15 months ago , enron fell from grace after off - balance sheet transactions and financial reporting lapses prompted a regulatory investigation and senior official resignations . looming debt and a collapsing share price led enron to agree to a takeover by smaller houston rival dynegy last week then valued at $ 10 . 41 a share , a fraction of its former value . enron officials on wednesday said they were confident that the company was close to gaining a clear picture of its financial condition following restatement of earnings over several years . but it said the securities and exchange commission investigation " could affect us on a go - forward basis . " even with commitments for billions of dollars in cash that enron said it ' s obtained in recent days , some arbs worried that customers who buy and sell energy contracts through enron may be abandoning the company , particularly for longer - term contracts . while enron officials said customers and others are getting " comfortable in the short - dated market " energy market , arbs said longer - term customers may worry that further damaging disclosures may threaten its financial viability . " it may be that no one wants long - term agreements anymore with enron , " said one arb , who like others , asked not to be named . " i don ' t think they were completely open about that issue . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 1 - enron ceo lay admits to errors with mea culpa . 11 / 14 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ( adds analyst comment and details of lay compensation paragraphs 5 to 7 ) by andrew kelly houston , nov 14 ( reuters ) - enron corp . chairman and chief executive ken lay on wednesday acknowledged misjudgments and errors that pushed the nation ' s biggest energy trader to the brink of collapse and forced it to accept a humbling buyout by smaller rival dynegy inc . in a stunning mea culpa to analysts and investors , lay admitted that enron had made bad investments , overburdened itself with debt and conducted deals that led to conflicts of interest now under u . s . regulatory investigation . " we fully understand and regret that the combination of these events has resulted in the complete loss of investor confidence . we are fully committed to fixing the problems , " he said . lay ' s act of atonement came after enron said he had decided to waive his right to a $ 60 million golden parachute as part of dynegy ' s planned buyout , following a tense exchange with employees about his severance package on tuesday . lay received a base salary of $ 1 . 3 million from enron for 2000 plus bonuses totaling $ 10 . 6 million . he has also made several million dollars this year by exercising options and selling enron stock at prices which mostly ranged from $ 40 to $ 60 , according to enron filings . ubs warburg analyst ron barone said lay ' s candor could not undo damage already done but was welcome nevertheless . " the fact that he ' fessed up ' is a step toward reestablishing credibility in himself and in the company , " barone said . enron agreed on friday to be taken over by dynegy for about $ 9 billion in stock , after investor unease over enron ' s off - balance sheet deals drove its stock price down to $ 7 last week from a high of $ 90 . 56 in august 2000 . " in hindsight , we made some very bad investments in non - core businesses , " lay said in a 90 - minute conference call . many of those investments , such as an ill - fated venture into the water services business and a power plant project in india that became mired in a payments dispute , performed below enron ' s worst expectations , lay said . " the negative impact of these investments have been exacerbated through the extensive use of debt capital both on and off the balance sheet , " lay said . deals between enron and partnerships run by its former chief financial officer , andrew fastow , produced " various conflicts of interest , both real and perceived , " he added . fastow was recently replaced and the deals with the partnerships are now under investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission . lay , who built enron into the dominant energy trading company in north america and europe after it was formed by the merger of two natural gas pipeline companies in 1986 , said the core wholesale energy businesses were fundamentally sound . in the short term , he said , enron will focus on preventing further deterioration of its credit ratings and maintaining sufficient liquidity to keep the energy businesses running . enron ' s president and chief operating officer , greg whalley , said the company expects its recent woes to have a " temporary but negative impact " on profitability . whalley told analysts and investors that fourth - quarter results would also be adversely affected by severance costs and other restructuring costs . he did not provide details but said enron will issue earnings guidance in two to three weeks . the reference to severance costs was the first allusion to job cuts that are widely viewed as inevitable . enron also said it is seeking an additional $ 500 million to $ 1 billion in private equity to help rebuild confidence in the company and keep its core trading operations afloat in the nine months before the acquisition by dynegy is expected to close . it has already received $ 1 . 5 billion in cash from oil company chevrontexaco corp . , which owns 26 . 5 percent of dynegy . enron has been under heavy fire from wall street since mid - october when it said shareholder equity had been cut by $ 1 . 2 billion because of deals with the fastow partnerships . dynegy has said that its agreement with enron would allow it to back out of the acquisition if the company ' s problems , which include a stack of lawsuits from angry investors , turn out to be far worse than has already been disclosed . however , dynegy chairman and chief executive chuck watson has said he is confident this will not happen . watson will head the combined company , which will retain the dynegy name , and dynegy will dominate the combined company ' s senior management and board of directors . lay has said he has not yet made up his mind whether to accept watson ' s offer of a seat on the board of the new company . the california public employees retirement system ( calpers ) , the largest u . s . pension fund , said there should be no place for lay or any other enron directors on the new dynegy board . " the interests of shareholders are best served by retiring all of the current directors from involvement in enron ' s successor entities , " said michael flaherman , chairman of the calpers investment committee . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron receives dynegy $ 1 . 5 b cash infusion tues . > dyn ene by christina cheddar of dow jones newswires 11 / 14 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - dynegy inc . ( dyn ) provided enron corp . ( ene ) tuesday with the $ 1 . 5 billion cash infusion envisioned in the companies ' merger agreement , a dynegy spokeswoman said . dynegy received preferred stock and other rights in an enron unit that owns the northern natural gas pipeline in return for its investment . the cash infusion , which was made with the assistance of dynegy ' s largest shareholder , chevrontexaco corp . ( cvx ) , is aimed at providing enron with additional cash liquidity to support its core energy marketing and trading operations . the rights provide dynegy with the option to acquire the pipeline unit should the two companies fail to complete their merger . the deal , which still needs shareholder and regulatory approval , is expected to close within the next six to nine months . dynegy is acquiring enron for 0 . 2685 of a dynegy share , or about $ 10 billion based on the recent price of dynegy shares . the acquisition of enron by its smaller rival follows a series of disclosures about enron ' s financial dealings with partnerships run by some of its corporate officers . the dealings are under investigation by the securities and exchange commission and at the center of more than a dozen of shareholder lawsuits . during the last month , enron watched as its share price sunk to a small fraction of its earlier levels as shareholder confidence in the trading company evaporated . as credit - rating agencies began to cut enron ' s debt ratings threatening the company ' s investment - grade status , the company scrambled to raise additional cash to shore up its balance sheet and protect confidence in its business . industry experts viewed dynegy ' s cash infusion as one way the companies sought to bolster confidence in the energy trader ' s liquidity , and protect its most valuable business . in a conference call earlier wednesday , enron said its core energy trading business has been temporarily hurt by the uncertainty created by recent events . according to dynegy spokeswoman jennifer rosser , the preferred stock dynegy has received for its investment in enron is convertible into the common stock of the enron pipeline unit . dynegy also has the right to convert the preferred stock into enron shares if it desires , the spokeswoman said . for example , if enron were to cancel its merger with dynegy in order to accept a higher bid from another suitor , dynegy might decide to convert its preferred shares into enron stock in order to reap the profits created by an increase in enron ' s stock price , rosser said . in either case , dynegy wouldn ' t be required to pay any additional consideration . dynegy was able to make the cash infusion after chevrontexaco , of san francisco , made an investment in dynegy . if the acquisition closes as anticipated , chevrontexaco , which owns about one - fourth of dynegy , plans to make an additional $ 1 billion investment in the combined company . chevrontexaco also has the right to purchase an additional $ 1 . 5 billion in dynegy stock in the first three years following the close of the acquisition . enron officials said they are monitoring the energy market ' s reaction to the cash infusion , and hopes it will restore the confidence of its counterparties . enron remains on a credit watch at the credit - rating agencies . moody ' s investors service and standard 201 - 938 - 5166 ; christina . cheddar @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron queried by epa on oil pipeline spills . 11 / 14 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . washington , nov 14 ( reuters ) - the nation ' s biggest energy trader , enron corp . , already reeling from bad investments , too much debt and possible conflicts of interest , said on wednesday that the government is seeking information on spills from pipelines operated by enron and its subsidiaries . in a filing with the securities and exchange commission , the houston - based company said it received a request for information from the environmental protection agency regarding certain spills and discharges since 1998 on oil pipelines operated by enron and its subsidiaries . eott energy partners llp is the only subsidiary of enron that has extensive domestic oil pipeline operations , according to the filing . enron ' s response was originally supposed to be filed with the epa no later than nov . 7 , but it received an extension until jan . 31 . " eott cannot predict the outcome of the epa inquiry , " the company said in the filing . enron agreed on friday to be taken over by dynegy inc . for about $ 9 billion in stock after investor unease over off - balance sheet deals drove its stock price down to $ 7 last week from a high of $ 90 . 56 in august 2000 . many of those investments , such as an ill - fated venture into the water services business and a power plant project in india that became mired in a payments dispute , performed below enron ' s worst expectations , kenneth lay , enron ' s chairman and chief executive officer , said on wednesday . in addition , deals between enron and partnerships run by its former chief financial officer , andrew fastow , produced " various conflicts of interest , both real and perceived , " he added . fastow was recently replaced , and the deals with the partnerships are now under investigation by the sec . enron shares were down 3 cents to $ 9 . 96 while dynegy lost 48 cents to $ 46 . 46 , both in afternoon trading on the new york stock exchange . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron to sell off money - losing assets in bid to restore its financial health 11 / 14 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) a wall street journal online news roundup houston - - enron corp . , the once - mighty energy trader , is shedding money - losing assets and focusing on its core power - marketing business as it moves toward a merger with rival dynegy inc . the effort is aimed at improving enron ' s financial health , following disclosures that the company inflated profit figures and didn ' t reveal large amounts of debt to shareholders , enron president and chief executive kenneth lay told investors wednesday . businesses enron ( ene ) wants to sell include a high - speed internet unit and power operations in india and brazil , which mr . lay said " have performed far worse than we ever could have imagined when we made these investments . " " in hindsight , we made some very bad investments in noncore businesses , " mr . lay said during the conference call for investors and analysts . last friday dynegy ( dyn ) said it agreed to buy enron in a deal now worth $ 10 . 5 billion , and mr . lay said the company is focusing on conserving cash and getting the most out of the core businesses that enron will keep . enron issues warning about 4 th quarter results enron executives also said they expect the company ' s fourth - quarter earnings to be hurt by the ongoing financial problems . they didn ' t provide details , but said they would issue an outlook for fourth - quarter earnings in two weeks . in addition , the company said it wouldn ' t file its quarterly report for the third quarter with the securities and exchange commission on wednesday as it had expected . jeff mcmahon , enron ' s newly appointed chief financial officer , said the company expects to make the filing " five days late . " under regulatory guidelines , publicly traded companies have 45 days from the end of a fiscal quarter to file their financial results with the sec . enron reported its third - quarter earnings in mid - october , but has yet to make a filing with the sec . the filing would include enron ' s balance sheet . in the past , enron has received criticism for not providing a balance sheet with its quarterly earnings release . enron officials on the call declined to provide specific details about the company ' s current cash position . that information is included on the balance sheet . dynegy agreed to buy enron after the energy - trading giant ' s stock price plunged about 80 % in the weeks following enron ' s posting of a $ 618 million third - quarter loss . dynegy also will assume $ 13 billion of enron ' s debt . the slide in enron ' s share price primarily was a result of large - scale transactions it did with partnerships headed by enron officers . those transactions have produced hundreds of millions of dollars of write - offs and restatements in the past month . they are being investigated by the sec and have helped spawn more than a dozen shareholder lawsuits . enron ousted its chief financial officer , andrew fastow , who ran some of the partnerships , and restated its earnings back to 1997 . but those actions failed to restore investor confidence . " i could not have ever contemplated the events we as a company and you as a stakeholder have faced over the last several weeks , " mr . lay said wednesday . " this has resulted in a complete loss of investor confidence . we are fully committed to fixing the problems . " enron executives didn ' t say how many of the company ' s 20 , 000 employees world - wide would lose jobs as businesses are sold , a process they said could take months . " our debt balances too high and we need to raise cash , " mr . mcmahon said . mr . lay said cash gained from asset sales also would support its core businesses . enron is the country ' s top buyer and seller of natural gas , and the no . 1 wholesale power marketer . the company operates a 25 , 000 - mile gas pipeline system and also markets and trades metals , paper , coal , chemicals , and fiber - optic bandwidth . dynegy ' s purchase of enron triggered a clause in mr . lay ' s contract giving him $ 20 . 2 million for each full calendar year remaining in his contract if there is a change in control of enron . but mr . lay told enron employees that he wouldn ' t accept the money - - a total of up to $ 60 . 6 million - - upon completion of the merger . he said nothing about that decision during wednesday ' s conference call . enron spokesman vance meyer said the compensation package , in mr . lay ' s contract since 1989 , is the only merger - related payment mr . lay is eligible for from enron . a dynegy spokesman , john sousa , said the company is unsure whether mr . lay can receive a retirement package from them . dynegy executives have said that they hope to complete their acquisition of enron by next summer . the enron name will vanish when the deal is completed . chuck watson , dynegy ' s chairman and chief executive , will retain those roles for the combined company . mr . lay will have no role in day - to - day management . he has been offered a seat on the combined company ' s board . under the merger agreement , enron retains the right to designate three directors of the combined company . so far , enron president and chief operating officer greg whalley has been designated to be the new company ' s executive vice president . enron spokeswoman karen denne said enron has yet to designate two other appointees . on tuesday the california public employees ' retirement system board of administration announced that it would oppose appointment of any enron board member to the combined company , charging that enron ' s board may have failed to adequately monitor its corporate officers . calpers owns about three million shares of enron and also owns shares of dynegy . copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . cohen , milstein , hausfeld & toll , p . l . l . c . announces that class action suits against enron corporation have expanded their class periods 11 / 14 / 2001 business wire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , business wire ) washington - - ( business wire ) - - nov . 14 , 2001 - - the following notice is issued by the law firm of cohen , milstein , hausfeld & toll , p . l . l . c . , on behalf of its client , who , along with other firms , previously filed a lawsuit in the united states district court for the southern district of texas ( houston division ) , on behalf of purchasers of the common stock of enron corporation ( " enron " or the " company " ) ( nyse : ene ) . the complaint alleges that the defendants violated section 10 ( b ) of the securities exchange act of 1934 ( " the exchange act " ) , and rule 10 b - 5 promulgated thereunder , and that defendants ' wrongful conduct artificially inflated the price of enron common stock during the class period . the prior complaints charged that during 2000 and 2001 the defendants misrepresented and concealed material facts concerning the company ' s financial transactions with two partnerships established by enron ' s then chief financial officer , which resulted in substantial losses to enron and a reduction in shareholders ' equity of over $ 1 billion . as the result of the company ' s november 8 , 2001 announcements , however , the class period has been extended to encompass all purchasers of enron common stock from october 19 , 1998 through november 7 , 2001 . on november 8 , 2001 , prior to the markets opening , enron announced it was restating its financial results for 1997 , 1998 , 1999 and 2000 , and the first two quarters of 2001 to correct for errors which had inflated enron ' s net income by hundreds of millions of dollars in those years and that audit reports for those years should not be relied upon . upon these disclosures , enron ' s stock dropped to $ 8 . 41 per share on november 8 , 2001 , down from a class period high of $ 90 . plaintiff ' s counsel - - cohen , milstein , hausfeld & toll , p . l . l . c . - - has significant experience in prosecuting investor class actions and actions involving financial fraud . the firm has offices in washington , d . c . , seattle , washington and new york , new york and is active in major litigation pending in federal and state courts throughout the nation . the firm ' s reputation for excellence has been recognized on repeated occasions by courts which have appointed the firm to lead positions in complex multi - district or consolidated litigation . cohen , milstein , hausfeld & toll , p . l . l . c . has taken a lead role in numerous important cases on behalf of defrauded investors , and has been responsible for a number of outstanding recoveries which , in the aggregate , total hundreds of millions of dollars or more . if you purchased shares of enron stock during the class period , you may move the court no later than december 21 , 2001 to serve as lead plaintiff for the class . in order to serve as lead plaintiff , you must meet certain legal standards . if you have any questions about this notice or the action , or with regard to your rights , please contact either of the following : andrew n . friedman , esq . or mary ann fink cohen , milstein , hausfeld & toll , p . l . l . c . 1100 new york avenue , nw west tower , suite 500 washington , dc 20005 telephone : 888 / 347 - 4600 or 202 / 408 - 4600 e - mail : afriedman @ cmht . com or mfink @ cmht . com contact : cohen , milstein , hausfeld & toll , p . l . l . c . andrew n . friedman , esq . or mary ann fink afriedman @ cmht . com or mfink @ cmht . com 888 / 347 - 4600 or 202 / 408 - 4600 12 : 50 est november 14 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron says 4 th - qtr earnings cut by lost business ( update 6 ) 2001 - 11 - 14 16 : 13 ( new york ) enron says 4 th - qtr earnings cut by lost business ( update 6 ) ( updates with closing share prices in 12 th paragraph . ) houston , nov . 14 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , which averted bankruptcy last week by agreeing to a buyout by dynegy inc . , said fourth - quarter earnings will be lowered by severance payments , reorganization costs and a drop in its energy - trading business . enron didn ' t say how many jobs it plans to cut or what its expenses will be . trading volumes declined last week and it ' s too soon to tell if the company will recover lost business , chief operating officer greg whalley said during a conference call with investors . traders including mirant corp . and aquila inc . have said they shifted transactions away from enron after its plunging stock price prompted concerns about creditworthiness . ` ` business has been affected in the last month , ' ' enron chief executive officer kenneth lay said . ` ` we ' re going to go back to basics and focus on our core energy business . ' ' the company will provide a more detailed fourth - quarter earnings projection in two to three weeks , lay said . dynegy ceo charles watson , who agreed on friday to acquire bigger rival enron in a transaction now valued at more than $ 24 billion , had said he is confident that enron ' s trading business is sound . ` greater acceptance ' enron has been criticized by investors and has seen its market value plunge in recent weeks because of concerns it was using affiliated partnerships to mask losses and hide debt . dynegy is buying enron for $ 9 . 27 billion in stock and about $ 15 billion in assumed debt . both companies are based in houston . since the buyout was announced , enron is ` ` seeing greater acceptance in the u . s . and europe to our financial situation in short - term markets , ' ' whalley said . ` ` it may be a couple of weeks before we can give comfort to our longer - dated customers . hopefully , we ' ll move up to normal levels in the near future . ' ' enron said it will be five days late in filing its third - quarter earnings statement with the securities and exchange commission . the filing was supposed to be out by today . the company also will provide more details about earnings in the fourth quarter than it has in previous periods , chief financial officer jeffrey mcmahon said . enron spokesman mark palmer declined to provide further details about job cuts . ` ` anything we say about layoffs , we ' re going to say to our employees first , ' ' he said . dynegy spokesman john sousa said he didn ' t know the number of job cuts or the cost of severance that enron will have in the fourth quarter . shares of enron rose 2 cents to $ 10 . dynegy fell 74 cents to $ 46 . 20 . chevrontexaco corp . , which owns 26 percent of dynegy , declined $ 3 . 55 to $ 86 . 62 . providing more detail enron been criticized by investors for not providing enough information about how it makes its money . the company was expected to earn 45 cents a share in the fourth quarter , the average estimate of analysts polled by thomson financial / first call . in the third quarter , enron had a $ 618 million loss because of failed investments in water , telecommunications and retail - energy sales that cost the company $ 1 . 01 billion . investors expected enron ' s fourth - quarter earnings to be cut by recent events , said kathleen vuchetich , who helps manage the $ 1 . 4 billion strong american utilities fund , which owns 284 , 000 dynegy shares . ` ` they ' d have hurt their credibility if they ' d said otherwise , ' ' vuchetich said . $ 1 . 5 billion enron said it received $ 1 . 5 billion in cash yesterday from chevrontexaco as part of the dynegy buyout agreement . in return , dynegy will acquire preferred stock and other rights in an enron unit that owns the northern natural gas pipeline . if the merger isn ' t completed , dynegy will have the right to acquire northern natural gas , enron said today in a filing with the securities and exchange commission . chevrontexaco , the second - largest based u . s . oil company , will provide dynegy with another $ 1 billion after the merger closes . mcmahon also said the company is in talks with several private investors . the company expects to receive $ 500 million to $ 1 billion from these sources , mcmahon said . ` ` our debt balance is too high , and we need to raise equity capital , ' ' mcmahon said . ` ` in this environment we can ' t raise public equity capital very efficiently so we need to go to other sources . ' ' the company said it is accelerating attempts to sell ` ` non - core assets ' ' such as its investment in an indian power plant and its broadband telecommunications network . enron has about $ 8 billion invested in these businesses , and it may take as long as a year to get rid of the broadband business , whalley said . ` ` in hindsight , we made some very bad investments , ' ' lay said . ` ` these have turned out far worse than we ever imagined . ' ' lay , enron ' s chairman since february 1986 , was entitled to receive a severance package of more than $ 60 million after dynegy took over enron . lay decided yesterday to waive the payment . cauley geller bowman & coates , llp expands class period in class action lawsuit against enron corp . 11 / 14 / 2001 business wire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , business wire ) little rock , ark . - - ( business wire ) - - nov . 14 , 2001 - - the law firm of cauley geller bowman & coates , llp announced today that a class action has been filed in the united states district court for the eastern district of texas , texarkana division on behalf of purchasers of enron corp . ( " enron " or the " company " ) ( nyse : ene ) common stock during the period between january 18 , 1999 and november 8 , 2001 , inclusive ( the " class period " ) . a copy of the complaint filed in this action is available from the court , or can be viewed on the firm ' s website at http : / / www . classlawyer . com / pr / enron . pdf . the complaint charges enron and certain of its officers and directors with violations of the federal securities laws . on november 8 , 2001 , enron announced that it would restate its 1997 , 1998 , 1999 , 2000 and lq and 2 q 2001 results because of various income statement and balance sheet adjustments required as the result of enron ' s determination that three unconsolidated entities should have been consolidated in the financial statements pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles ( " gaap " ) , which caused enron ' s 1997 through 2 q 2001 income and assets to be materially overstated . throughout 1999 and 2000 , the price of enron common stock substantially increased - - rising from $ 32 . 50 per share on january 18 , 1999 to $ 83 . 125 per share on december 29 , 2000 . the complaint alleges that a substantial basis for this huge gain was the company ' s allegedly false and misleading reports of ever increasing revenues and profits . the effect of the restatement was dramatic . rather than earning $ 698 million and $ 1 . 01 per share in 1998 , enron ' s restated earnings fell to $ 585 million and $ 0 . 86 per share . net income was lowered $ 186 million in 1999 with eps dropped from $ 1 . 10 to $ 0 . 79 . net income was lowered $ 132 million in 2000 and eps correspondingly fell from $ 1 . 12 to $ 0 . 97 . the restatement increased enron ' s debt by $ 561 million in 1998 , $ 685 million in 1999 and $ 629 million in 2000 . shareholder ' s equity was reduced by $ 448 million for 1998 , $ 834 million for 1999 , $ 1 . 16 billion for 2000 , $ 1 . 226 billion for first quarter 2001 and $ 929 million for second quarter 2001 . during the class period , enron insiders disposed of over $ 73 million of their personally - held enron common stock to unsuspecting investors . if you bought enron common stock between january 18 , 1999 and november 8 , 2001 , inclusive , and you wish to serve as lead plaintiff , you must move the court no later than december 21 , 2001 . if you are a member of this class , you can join this class action online at http : / / www . classlawyer . com / sign _ up . html . any member of the purported class may move the court to serve as lead plaintiff through cauley geller bowman & coates , llp or other counsel of their choice , or may choose to do nothing and remain an absent class member . cauley geller bowman & coates , llp has substantial experience representing investors in securities fraud class action lawsuits such as this . the firm has offices in florida , arkansas and california , but represents investors throughout the nation . if you have any questions about how you may be able to recover for your losses , or if you would like to consider serving as one of the lead plaintiffs in this lawsuit , you are encouraged to call or e - mail the firm or visit the firm ' s website at www . classlawyer . com . cauley geller bowman & coates , llp investor relations department : jackie addison , sue null or shelly nicholson toll free : 1 - 888 - 551 - 9944 e - mail : info @ classlawyer . com contact : cauley geller bowman & coates , llp charlie gastineau or sue null , 888 / 551 - 9944 16 : 46 est november 14 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . fitch : cinergy ' s rating outlook negative 11 / 14 / 2001 business wire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , business wire ) new york - - ( business wire ) - - nov . 14 , 2001 - - fitch inc . has changed the outlook of cinergy ' s ( cin ) ' bbb + ' senior unsecured debt to negative from stable due to increased leverage and planned environmental compliance expenditures . cinergy is the parent holding company of the cincinnati gas & electric company ( cge ) and psi energy , inc . ( psi ) . fitch rates the senior secured debt of both ' a - . ' the negative outlook reflects the rise in debt leverage due mainly to the acquisition of two natural gas fired generating units from enron corp in march 2001 . as of sept . 30 , 2001 , debt was 63 % of total capitalization , up from 59 % and 56 % at the end of fiscal years 2000 and 1999 , respectively . the acquisition consists of enron ' s 494 - megawatt brownsville generation facility located in haywood county , tennessee and the 504 - megawatt caledonia generation facility located in lowndes county , mississippi . to reduce leverage , cin plans to use proceeds from non - core asset sales to reduce debt and to reinstitute the issuance of new shares to meet obligations under its dividend reinvestment plan and various employee stock plans . if the debt reduction is successful , the outlook could return to stable . capital requirements related to cin ' s compliance with environmental regulations are also a concern . in september 2000 , cin announced a plan for its subsidiaries to spend about $ 800 million system wide over the following five years to install pollution control equipment to reduce nox emissions . a majority of these expenditures will be incurred by psi , the regulated integrated utility , and should be recovered through rates . the company also reached a tentative agreement with the environmental protection agency and other parties to reduce so 2 emissions by shutting down or re - powering with natural gas several coal - fired boilers and installing scrubbers and pollution control systems at several sites . the agreement , if finalized , would require cin to spend an additional $ 700 million , mostly during 2008 - 2013 . cin ' s ratings also take into account the significant earnings and cash flow contribution of its regulated utility businesses , and a revised business strategy for its non - regulated businesses that is less aggressive and more appropriate for this mid - size company . the new strategy emphasizes regional , asset - based energy trading and marketing , customer led origination , and its regulated utility operations . a large amount of cin ' s non - regulated revenue will be derived from contractual sales with its subsidiaries , cge and the union light , heat and power company . cge ' s electric restructuring plan provides substantial transition cost recovery and allows the company to transfer its generating facilities . cge plans to transfer its generating assets to cin ' s non - regulated affiliate , cinergy wholesale energy , inc . another cin subsidiary , psi , remains a vertically integrated regulated company and restructuring is not expected in the mid - term . regulated operations provide about 55 % of earnings . cin , through its subsidiaries cge and psi , provides electric and gas service in ohio , kentucky and indiana to about 1 . 5 million electric and 500 , 000 gas customers . the company also has a growing merchant energy business and owns 13 , 000 megawatts of generation . contact : fitch , new york orli almog , 212 / 908 - 0894 or robert hornick , 212 / 908 - 0523 14 : 48 est november 14 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: fw : a sent : friday , november 16 , 2001 10 : 32 am subject : a & m football scare texas a & m football practice was delayed this morning for nearly two hours . one of the players , while on the way to the locker room happened to look down and notice a suspicious looking , unknown powdery substance on the practice field . head coach r . c . slocum immediately suspended practice while the fbi was called in to investigate . after a complete field analysis , the fbi determined that thewhite substance unknown to the players was actually the goal line . practice resumed when the fbi agents decided that the team was not likely to encounter the substance again . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it . 
2	Subject: fw : [ subroutine ] 61 % - off vicodin . twisters derived pressurized languidly cranked schedulers ultrasonic pinkness austrianizes articulation fearlessly ensuing dockyard nitric organizer twitching holiday treacherously lowers harrow marketplaces robes squeeze citing coyote parachute radioing traversing czerniak cataloged israelitize campfire berne corresponds categorizer leopard intraprocess simulator - - phone : 865 - 426 - 5123 mobile : 810 - 826 - 4491 email : qiana . crofton @ alemail . com  
2	Subject: tadalafil soft tabs - great results ! hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / onlinegenericshop . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / onlinegenericshop . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: the man of steel hello , welcome to pharmonl mendacity ine sh groundsel op - retaliation one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops washdrawing v identic g vesture al l stringent l lacuna la hitlerite ra bowling cl perpend is bilabiate va kindly um andmanyother . - save ov erysipelas er 50 % - worldwide shl deoxidize pplng - total con caique fidentiaiity - over 5 miiiion customers in 130 countr sculler ies have a etiquette nice day ! 
2	Subject: re : enron / hpl actuals for august 29 , 2000 with regards to the 29 th , gary ( tufco ) spoke with lee ( hpl ) requesting the tap volume to decrease at 2 am . mike ( valero ) was unable to accomodate the request until 2 : 30 am . lee confirmed with gary , and the volumes decreased from 140 to 0 at 2 : 30 am . please let me know how you ' d like to proceed . i am still working on lonestar volumes for sept , but will let you know as soon as possible . regards , ami - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 08 / 30 / 2000 12 : 38 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : ami chokshi 08 / 30 / 2000 10 : 37 am to : " charlie stone " , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enron / hpl actuals for august 29 , 2000 hey charlie , for day 29 , i show a total volume of 102 . 083 140 . 0 from 9 a through la 70 . 0 for 2 a ( 1 hour only ) 0 . 0 from 3 a through 8 a also , for the total volume through day 28 , i show : hplr 2015 . 0 enron 1 . 152 . 0 gd 666 . 877 please advise . ami " melissa jones " on 08 / 30 / 2000 10 : 10 : 27 am to : " charlie stone " , " gary green " , timpowell @ txu . com , daren . j . farmer @ enron . com , gary . a . hanks @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , earl . tisdale @ enron . com , ami . chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : enron / hpl actuals for august 29 , 2000 teco tap 20 . 000 / enron ; 79 . 167 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 27 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; start date : 12 / 27 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122721 . txt 
2	Subject: aggie virus as we don ' t have any programming experience , and we ' re not very good at this , this virus works on the honor system . please delete all the files from your hard drive and manually forward this virus to everyone on your mailing list . thanks for your cooperation , texas a & m computer engineering dept . 
2	Subject: cable guy - filters here hi , this works great for your cable . . now pay nothing for ppv , i mean it ! check the below site : http : / / berley . click 4 net . info easy installation . goodbye , augusta hartman if you want to off , just add / r after the above address . audience : yes . . they have regretted jogging since last monday . . they have regretted jogging since last monday . . edwards : they are doing all they can to take the campaign for the highest office in the land down the lowest possible road . . 
2	Subject: fw : slutty lady dvd quality movies ! rise and shine ! good lucking woman pics a characetr is a copeemltly fashioend will . nakemiin q , w  
2	Subject: take advantage sick of working for the man . . own your own business and make 20 grand plus per month take advantage of the 10 billion dollar per year casîno industry call 1 - 877 - 467 - 2636 ext : 213 we ' ll fill you in on all the details take control of your own financial destiny contact us today burial watercourse milestone select winemake wound pullback salaam soak angie freight trilobite interior impoverish dexterity duffel rattail allegory crosslink expansion imitate inalterable milord azalea childhood alcott sept botany clark crystallographer manual palazzi penelope filled cruddy herringbone ministerial oral spheroid bewilder blanchard gamin stockade incongruity myra subvert birefringent caper paintbrush breezy drape compatriot sell past commissary nondescript syntactic anent steinberg airframe 
2	Subject: free e - book publishing software - download now ! free software ! limited time offer ! * free download more info samples unsubscribe download 1 download 2 mirror site 1 mirror site 2 samples site 1 samples site 2 unsubscribe 1 unsubscribe 2 digital authoring tools offers free software that can help you create professional , 3 d page - turning and slide - show style digital brochures , documents , books , catalogs , invitations , photo albums , resumes , newsletters , menus , email promotions , magazines , presentations and more ! for more info , samples or a free download , click the appropriate link above ! server demand is extremely high for this limited time free software offer . please try these links periodically if a site seems slow or unreachable . copyright © 2002 - affiliate id # 1269 * free version is fully functional with no expiration and has a 4 page ( 2 page spread ) limit . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for november 20 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 68 . 542 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: important isn ' t it lovely ? i feel deeply for your sorrow 3 million in race case genealogyon that ? tattoos 
2	Subject: enlarge girth and length my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here the boy was now rifled of seventeen cents in pennies , a broken pocket knife and a lead - pencil , the last article seeming to be highly prized oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 i ' ve taken a look at this place , and it ' s no fit country for real creatures to go to after they had secured all the booty they could find , the tall turk , who seemed the leader of the three , violently kicked at the prisoner with his heavy boot  
2	Subject: re : correction to 4 / 5 / 00 nominations for eastrans and nomination for 4 / 6 / 00 this is the latest update via a verbal agreement between chad cass and darren farmer . . . april 5 effective 9 : 00 am the nominations and redeliveries are " 0 " the fuels cotton valley volume of 7800 mmbtu will be purchased by hpl at gas daily ( hsc - 5 ) . april 6 effective 9 : 00 am the nominations and redeliveries are " 0 " the fuels cotton valley volume of 7800 mmbtu will be purchased by hpl at gas daily ( hsc - 5 ) . april 7 until further notice the nominations and redeliveries will be at " 0 " fuels cotton valley gas will be purchased by hpl at a " to be determined price . " * * * * darren - please give me a call so we can discuss the pricing for the fcv gas . if anyone has any questions please feel free to give me a call . thanks , chad cass 713 - 627 - 6202 marta k henderson 04 / 06 / 2000 07 : 49 am sent by : marta k henderson to : stacey . neuweiler @ enron . com , dfarmer @ enron . com , briley @ enron . com cc : william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , cheryl l . horning / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia a . mohn / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , dora j . levy / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , sharon beemer / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec subject : correction to 4 / 5 / 00 nominations for eastrans and nomination for 4 / 6 / 00 beginning 2 : 00 pm on 4 / 5 / 00 nomination : deliveries : 0 mmbtu into eastrans redeliveries : 0 mmbtu for 4 / 6 / 00 , the nomination is as follows : deliveries : 0 mmbtu into eastrans redeliveries : 0 mmbtu 
2	Subject: re : ercs i wish i could take credit for trying ! accounting ( lindsay long ) one day told us that there would not be a capital charge . we were surprised but but did not feel compelled to argue . . . dont look a gift horse in the mouth . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , july 06 , 2001 9 : 10 am to : parquet , david cc : calger , christopher f . ; deffner , joseph subject : ercs there should be a capital charge on ercs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . nice try though ! 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , oliver  
2	Subject: ebay and auction info 30314 you are receiving this email because you have expressed an interest in making money with ebay and or on the internet . how would you like to earn $ 750 a day using ebay and the internet ? i absolutely - 100 % - guarantee you have never heard of this ebay & internet money - making system before . http : / / www . mailcomesandgoes . com / auction / this free ebook is powerful , so compelling it will blow your mind ! mark w . monday - the ebay millionaire in just a few minutes reading my book , you will find an opportunity so powerful , so compelling , that you ' ll wonder why someone hasn ' t thought of this sooner ! this is not a multi level marketing program or ? get rich quick scheme ? it is a real business that can make you real wealthy . http : / / www . mailcomesandgoes . com / auction / imagine yourself waking up in the morning , turning on your computer and finding out that thousands of dollars had been deposited into your bank account . how would that make you feel ? it is 100 % possible when you know the secrets to making money using ebay and the internet . if this idea turns you on , then so will this new ebook ! respond now and you will immediately receive via email the entire ebook . http : / / www . mailcomesandgoes . com / auction / free bonus - respond right now and we ? ll give you the special report - the 5 secrets to earning $ 750 a day using ebay , affiliate programs and the internet ! everything we offered here is free , you have absolutely nothing to lose - so respond right now and get started . sincerely , mark w . monday the ebay millionaire http : / / www . mailcomesandgoes . com / auction / you received this email because you have expressed an interest in making money with ebay and or on the internet . you will not receive any more emails from us . if you do not wish to receive any more emails from me , please visit http : / / www . deal 2002 . com / removeme . html and you will be removed .  
2	Subject: re : canus meter 5310 daren , according to vance ' s response to lauri ' s email , the nominations should be revised upwards approximately 650 / d on the gathering contract ( s ) at this meter . there is currently nominations of 1 , 353 / d ( 1 , 153 gathering and 200 transport ) . the flow should be around 2 , 000 / d . is it alright to include the increase of 650 / d with the other revisions to be made after trading on friday ? bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 04 / 05 / 2001 04 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 03 / 2001 12 : 07 pm to : lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ enron , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , kimberly vaughn / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : canus meter 5310 lauri , effective 3 / 1 / 2001 , hplc amended its contract with royal production changing the price to 100 % hsc less $ 0 . 16 and extending the term through 2 / 28 / 02 . consequently , for march , hplc should be purhasing volumes from two wells at meter 5310 . effective april , hplc amended the same contract releasing the l . g . talbert # 2 lease in the committed reserves agreement ; mike morris is the gas buyer and expects volumes of approximately 2000 mmbtu / d . for april i nom 1132 / d ; bob , we should probably increase the nom to reflect the incremental production at this point . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : allen , lauri sent : tuesday , april 03 , 2001 10 : 04 am to : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ enron ; cotten , robert cc : acton , tom ; terry , edward ; vaughn , kimberly subject : canus meter 5310 louis cox with copano ( the interconnecting party at this meter ) informed me that effective march lst , we should have been buying incremental gas from royal production at this point since they were no longer selling it to copano . there have been no changes in the producer services noms at this point , however . this point appears to be on a 14 day chart and the last flow i have access to shows noms of 1332 mm with bav of 3497 mm on march 18 th . bob / vance - could one of you guys check into this and see what the nom should be ? copano says they ' re not getting the gas in april either , but they do not know how long hplc is purchasing the incremental gas from royal . please let me know what the resolution is . thanks . 
2	Subject: no pre scription required paliourg your easy - to - use r x solution is here totally f r e e prescriptions ! ! no prior prescription needed ! we believe ordering medication should be as simple as ordering anything else on the internet . private , secure , and easy . no prescription required , no long lengthy forms to fill out . your easy - to - use solution is here : thank you for your time , marissa friedman paliourg below is for u if u dislike e - commerce http : / / paliourg . traddittoin . com / off . html  
2	Subject: favour attn . : russian investment opportunity . dear sir or madam , introduction : my name is abalikhin gabdrafikov , i am one of mr . mikhail khodorkovsky ' s personal treasurers . mr . khodorkovsky was once one of the richest men in russia . mr . khodorkovsky is owner of the following companies : chairman ceo : yukos oil ( russia ' s largest oil company ) chairman ceo : menatep sbp bank ( a well known and well respected financial institution with branches all over the world ) situation : some while ago whilst in the process of crediting certain funds , via various european security and finance companies , mr . khodorkovsky was arrested for his political involvement in the financing of political parties which posed a threat to president vladimir putin ' s second tenure as russian president . due to these facts , yukos oil has been forced to file under chapter 11 for bankruptcy . ironically the shares of our largest conglomerates was dubiously and specially orchestrated by putin and sold to a local coy just last week . see as included here . due to the situation wit regards to mr . mikhail khodorkovsky ' arrest ' and the recent takeover of the petroleum industry by the russian government i have an amount in excess of $ 21 . 5 m usd which i seek your help and ' business advice ' in acquiring access to . source of funds : the documents that allow me access to the funds in question were handed over to me [ in the form of payment ] by a united stats based oil merchant with regards to previous business done by him and mr . khodorkovsky . the funds are currently held by a european security and finance company who are charged with allocating and the final crediting of held funds . at completion of business , should you agree to help me , you will be rewarded with the sum of 15 % of the aforementioned sum in cash to an account of your choice for your ' advisory ' input as a ' consultant ' . your role : all i need from you is for you to agree to stand as the beneficiary of the above mentioned sum . i will arrange for the documentation to be translated and filed with the relevant agencies which will enable the european finance company transfer the sum to an account . as soon as i receive confirmation of your readiness to go ahead with the transfer of funds i will send you all the appropriate documentation that you need to continue including details of the european finance house concerned with this transaction . sincerely abalikhin gabdrafikov mail sent from e - mail service at grupo bantu site - http : / / www . grupobantu . org 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? relish the life with ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? somebody growth ho ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? rmone ?  after the 22 years , our organic structure sluggishly arrests makes a important internal secretion known as person increment hormone . the step - down of it , which adapts levels of other hormones in the trunk is at once liable for many of the greatest general emblems of eld , such as crinkles , gray hair , fell power , and lessened intimate role . read further info  
2	Subject: united way 2001 - building houston ' s future building houston ' s future , enron ' s 2001 united way campaign , officially kicks off today and runs through august 17 . last year your support helped enron raise $ 2 . 8 million , which was 21 percent more than our original goal . this year , we hope to reach our employee goal of $ 2 . 9 million . enron will match every employee ' s contribution dollar - for - dollar . we ask that employees who gave last year consider increasing their pledge this year , and that those who did not give , consider making a modest donation . the decision to focus this year ' s campaign on building houston ' s future came directly from our employees , who rallied to help houston recover from the flood damage caused by tropical storm allison . enron employees have expressed a strong desire to continue assisting those in need until our city fully recovers . we will also be focusing on our united way scholars program , an innovative program created this year by enron and the united way . the scholars program builds houston ' s future business leaders by targeting talented students who may be overlooked by other scholarship programs . on - line pledging we will once again utilize an on - line pledging system to streamline the pledge process that will require your hrgis id ( shown below ) . click on or go to to make your contribution and learn more about this year ' s campaign . please make your electronic pledge no later than friday , august 17 . days of caring we are focusing on flood relief , and on our business units , by replacing the traditional large - scale kick - off event with days of caring , which will take place tuesday through friday of this week . we invite you to join your business unit for a day of caring at your 2001 adopted agency . this year ' s adopted agencies were selected in part due to the amount of flood damage suffered by the agency or its clients . to sign up for day of caring , log on to . appreciation lunch rounding out the days of caring is an appreciation event on friday , august 10 in antioch park from 11 : 30 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m . come celebrate the success of days of caring , enjoy a free chic - fil - a lunch and watch a team of your coworkers compete against the other business units by creating building block structures that exemplify enron attributes : smart , innovative , bold , ambitious , and united . jackie martin , president of the united way of the texas gulf coast , will join us in judging the structures . if you bring down the building blocks that were on your chair this morning and donate them to our 2001 adopted agencies , you will be entered in a drawing for two free round - trip airline tickets anywhere in the u . s . thank you for your generosity . we look forward to your participation and seeing you throughout the week at days of caring and at the appreciation event on friday ! if you have any questions regarding the online application , please call the hrgim help desk at ext . 3 - 5666 . your hrgis id : 90125268 your password : date of birth ( format yyyymmdd ) * current users of the hr global launch zone will maintain the same password . this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: re : cc : low cost term life iqs . - quote [ user ] [ email ] term - life coverage at reduced - rates . why spend more than you have to ? we survey the top life - insurance companies - nationwide and provide the best - rates available today ! attention - all - smokers : you may qualify for special reduced smoker - rates ! enter - here - for - lower - rates ! why are you receiving this e - mail ? your e - mail address was recently submitted at one of our marketing web sites to occassionally receive special - interest like this . if you feel this message has reached you in error , or if you no longer wish to hear from us , do not hit reply now . instead , simply follow the link . you may include additional e - mail addresses to delete . [ stop further messages ] thank you ! copyright 2003 , all rights reserved . [ user ] [ email ] [ user ] [ domain ] sidecar coattail dominant miguel hieroglyphic gyrfalcon certainty giveth eduardo purgation pornographer latinate bstj carbondale martyrdom exposition eastern matchbook splayed pearl cocklebur adieu amethyst pregnant tundra hardwood campsite sat agreed axolotl affix threadbare rococo  
2	Subject: fw : ecoelectrica just to close the loop . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cangucu , andre sent : thursday , july 26 , 2001 4 : 28 pm to : schneider , chip subject : fw : ecoelectrica fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : zatarain , brian sent : thursday , july 26 , 2001 4 : 27 pm to : curran , greg ; rivera , coralina ; krenz , william ; krasny , kenneth ; duke , cullen ; boe , larry a . ( lawrence ) ; ortiz , mauricio ; castagnola , daniel ; melinchon , ermes ; ward jr . , robert ( bob ) ; cangucu , andre ; brown , kortney ; sierra , rick ; mckeever , darlene ; sommers , jeffrey e . ; verma , sandy subject : ecoelectrica last night we executed the spa with mirant for the sale of ecoelectrica - congratulations to all . we will have a meeting tomorrow at 2 pm ( 3 ac 21 cl ) to update everyone on what transpired over the past week up to signing of the spa as well as discuss the next steps for closing . thanks , brian 
2	Subject: re : ees ena done chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 11 : 35 am to : calger , christopher f . subject : ees ena could you spend some time explaining the whole split ( customers ) to dave forster . duran and ader have given up and dave has taken over from duran to sort it out . louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: ok - ok vince - i will stay up tonight and call vuthy in london with this news . i ' ll be right back to you ( probably tomarrow - or send you an email tonight ) . thanks vince , jeff jeff , my associates are leaving for london tonight ( monday ) . they can still interview howard on tuesday afternoon . vince * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / * 
2	Subject: request for urgent assistance / investment . mrs mackintosh malcom s . zimbabwe tel : 27 - 82 - 79 - 51208 email : mrsmackintosh @ yahoo . co . in please write to me on this email : mrsmackintosh @ yahoo . co . in request for urgent assistance / investment . dear friend , this may appear a bit surprising to you but very beneficial ; as a matter of urgentcy , i am desparately looking for a foriegn partner whom i can trust tohandle some investmentor fund movement . i am mrs mackintosh , malcom , shengi . wife of late mr . malcom kenneth mackintosh , who was murdered by the zimbabwean veterans and irrate blackpeople . i am writing from zimbabwe . i got your address from the internet through the consultancy directory during my searchfor a reliable and honest person to transact this business with . i write to solicit for your special assistance to a family shattered by a tyrannical government led by a dictator and his ( zanu - pf ) ruling party - president robert mugabe . because of land and farm land crisis in zimbabwe , the government secretly sponsored the war veterans and someirrate party members to disposess the land being occupied by white farmers . this action has led to the killing of some members of opposition party including my husband ( malcom kenneth mackintosh ) , for more infromation go to this sites ; www . zimbabwesituation . com / farmilist . html , page 2 no 776 428 but before the death of my husband , he anticipated some dangers and so he deposited the sum ofus $ 15 . 4 m ( fifteen million four hundered thousand united states dollars ) in the name of our only son kenneth jn with the help of reputable security company in south africa with the intention of using it to open fertilizer manufacturing company among other companies in our neighbouring country ( swaziland ) after his university education . on the 29 th of june 2000 , the war veterans and some supporters of ( zanu - pf ) ruling party trooped into our compound and axed him ( my husband ) to death . since then , they have been terrorizing my only son , kenneth mackkintosh , but he managed to escape to a neighbouring country , south africa as a political asylum seeker ( refugee ) . but his position in south africa does not permit him to open an account or run any huge financial business . that is why i want this fund to be transferred into your private account so that you will assist him to invest it in your country . hence , if you agree to assist us , we will offer you 20 % of the money for your assistance , 10 % will befor the possible expenses incurred in the process of this transaction , while 70 % will be for our family investment in your country through your assistance . i need your urgent and confidential response . best regards , mrs mackintosh malcom . s . for the family upon your immediate response , i will immediately arrange and send to you all the informations that will empower your good self in finalizing the transaction with the security company in south africa i will also send to you the agreement that will protect both interest . and also further information about yourself is necessary for i can not play on this . you can as well read more about the crises in my country and about this situation on the following . sites : www . cnn . com / 2001 / world / africa / 08 / 12 / violence . zimbabwe , www . newzimbabwe . com / waiting for your prompt and positive response . . call my son on this number 27 - 82 - 795 - 1208 . or email : @ yahoo . ie mrs mackintosh malcom s . zimbabwe tel : 27 - 82 - 79 - 51208 email : mackintosh @ homemail . co . za please write to me on this email : @ yahoo . ie request for urgent assistance / investment . dear friend , this may appear a bit surprising to you but very beneficial ; as a matter of urgentcy , i am desparately looking for a foriegn partner whom i can trust tohandle some investmentor fund movement . i am mrs mackintosh , malcom , shengi . wife of late mr . malcom kenneth mackintosh , who was murdered by the zimbabwean veterans and irrate blackpeople . i am writing from zimbabwe . i got your address from the internet through the consultancy directory during my searchfor a reliable and honest person to transact this business with . i write to solicit for your special assistance to a family shattered by a tyrannical government led by a dictator and his ( zanu - pf ) ruling party - president robert mugabe . because of land and farm land crisis in zimbabwe , the government secretly sponsored the war veterans and someirrate party members to disposess the land being occupied by white farmers . this action has led to the killing of some members of opposition party including my husband ( malcom kenneth mackintosh ) , for more infromation go to this sites ; www . zimbabwesituation . com / farmilist . html , page 2 no 776 428 but before the death of my husband , he anticipated some dangers and so he deposited the sum ofus $ 15 . 4 m ( fifteen million four hundered thousand united states dollars ) in the name of our only son kenneth with the help of reputable security company in south africa with the intention of using it to open fertilizer manufacturing company among other companies in our neighbouring country ( swaziland ) after his university education . on the 29 th of june 2000 , the war veterans and some supporters of ( zanu - pf ) ruling party trooped into our compound and axed him ( my husband ) to death . since then , they have been terrorizing my only son , kenneth mackkintosh , but he managed to escape to a neighbouring country , south africa as a political asylum seeker ( refugee ) . but his position in south africa does not permit him to open an account or run any huge financial business . that is why i want this fund to be transferred into your private account so that you will assist him to invest it in your country . hence , if you agree to assist us , we will offer you 20 % of the money for your assistance , 10 % will befor the possible expenses incurred in the process of this transaction , while 70 % will be for our family investment in your country through your assistance . i need your urgent and confidential response . best regards , mrs mackintosh malcom . s . for the family upon your immediate response , i will immediately arrange and send to you all the informations that will empower your good self in finalizing the transaction with the security company in south africa i will also send to you the agreement that will protect both interest . and also further information about yourself is necessary for i can not play on this . you can as well read more about the crises in my country and about this situation on the following . sites : www . cnn . com / 2001 / world / africa / 08 / 12 / violence . zimbabwe , www . newzimbabwe . com / waiting for your prompt and positive response . . call my son on this number 27 - 82 - 795 - 1208 . or email : mrsmackintosh @ yahoo . co . in 
2	Subject: adv : your road to financial freedom begins here ! are you overwhelmed with debt and high interest rates ? are you receiving annoying calls from creditors ? how soon are you going to fix your credit situation ? tomorrow ? next week ? next month ? why not right now ? we will provide professional help to reduce your interest rates and minimum payments ! we offer free information and resources to provide with fast relief from credit cards and other types of debt . find out why our program is the # 1 way for having a debt free life . visit us at http : / / www . mydebtsite . com / myhome . htm today ! this email address was obtained from a purchased list . if you wish to unsubscribe from this list , please click here and enter the email address ( es ) you want to have removed from all future emails . if you have previously unsubscribed and are still receiving this message , you may email our abuse department at abuse @ mydebtsite . com or write us at : no spam - mydebtsite . com , p . o . box 770594 , coral springs , fl 33077 . 
2	Subject: cheap vlagra stop wasting money on prescription drugs . get them online for 80 % off . vlagra , clalis , zyban , prozac , xenlcal , and many many more . . . stop paying more than you have too ! - todays special - viagra , retail price $ 15 . 99 , our price $ 2 . 99 cialis , retail price $ 17 . 99 , our price $ 3 . 99 shipped world wide no prescription required visit us here : http : / / 777 rxbarginz . com / ? zodiac  
2	Subject: yen outlook vince , as a followup to our meeting with david port and rudi zipter re enron ' s investment in sk - enron , maureen and i wrote the attached position paper on the japanese yen . as we have discussed , the volatility of the won closely tracks fluctuation in the yen , and this yen position paper is intended to complement the won outlook piece for a broader perspective on currencies that takes into account the yen ' s influence on asian currencies . . we would like to distribute this outlook to david and rudi , but wanted to send it to you for initial reaction prior to internal distribution . thank you , and let me know if you have any questions or comments re the attached . gwyn 
2	Subject: play small - caps for big gains inside breaking news for investors china world trade corp . symbol : cwtd ready to run is this one ready to explode higher move ? how will it react to this news being released ? good luck and succesful trading . . cwtd news cominig stock is ready to rock company has already facilitated the money it need ' s to continue it ' s rapid growth current price 2 . 49 projection 5 to 7 days $ 5 . 00 projection 8 to 12 days $ 8 . 00 week of july 11 - 21 is breakout week - cwtd - china world trade corp . see company president john hui interview with cnn asia also look for new cnn interview re : tremendous 12 month company growth completed . tianhe , guangzhou , china , / xinhua - prnewswire / - - china world trade corporation ( otc bulletin board : cwtd - news ) , announced today that the ceo clubs china limited ( " ceo clubs " ) , a subsidiary of cwtc , signed a strategic alliance agreement with the foundation for globalization cooperation ( ' ' fgc ' ' ) . under the agreement , ceo clubs will represent fgc for merchandising and selecting sponsors under certain conditions for the world culture diversification forum and the third global cooperation forum , which will be held in november 2005 , in hangzhou , china . china world trade outbid ctrp on acquisition of " new generation " southern china ' s largest travel company . chairman tsang , formerly of gold lion holdings has taken the reins of cwtd and continuing his record for success . - cwtd - is here to stay . disclaimer : information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forwardlooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: marketers we are dropping a lot of marketers . it would be nice to keep 1 or 2 . 
2	Subject: julie for you on her webcam hey guys what ' s up ? my name ' s julie , and here ' s a little about me in case you were wondering : ) well i just turned 18 about 3 weeks ago and i am a high school senior in houston , tx . some of my hobbies are : shopping , partying , hanging out with friends , modeling and most of all , chatting on my webcam ! i decided to put up this site , because i love to meet new people and i love showing off my body ! ! my site is totally free for you to check out too . http : / / tobeatdameat . com / ju 43 / 
2	Subject: setback binomial analogue pyrimidine curfew birdie fallacy given lisbon crosspoint apprentice ditzel emit aztec befall bohr buck imaginary barometer holm debussy febrile jug buxom churchgoing commonplace demurred citizen comport bean gamecock the original and unforgettable . . . halfway handcuff improvise alexandria baptism bose peptide cosponsor good innocuous meteor praiseworthy embassy illinois elite bowl menial combinate fluster goblet hydrofluoric agile boorish astatine huntley scurry pdp extraneous calgary abdicate salish hindsight methuselah bearish claude revolt  
2	Subject: high performance stock ? platt , emerson oi | gas , inc . ( 0 tc - eogi ) domestic oil and gas stock under accumuiation ? voiume this month : over 3 miliion shares traded current price : $ . 21 watch this stock monday ! some of these littie oi | and gas stocks have been realiy moving lateiy . and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of 10 o % , 20 o % or more are not unheard of . imagine if you had the scoop on either of these oil and gas stocks recentiy : otc : ucpi . went from $ 1 . 05 november lst to $ 2 . 6 o on december 10 th otc : xchc . this bad boy went from $ . 47 november lst to $ 1 . 8 o on december loth . think ge is going to move like that anytime soon ? reasons to consider eogi : * emerson oil gas holds a 5 o % working interest in the w . t . davis wel | lands within township 23 north and range 13 west of bossier parish , louisiana . the net revenue interest of the | ease is 75 % . the w . t . davis well is | ocated in the arkana field and initiaily produced from the haynesviile formation of the cotton valley series . with the worldwide focus on energy needs being front and center in the public eye , emerson feels that with its first ciass management and discretionary project choices , the company will continue to serve its sharehoiders we | | . * emerson is identifying additiona | step out opportunities on its louisiana property . * emerson has signed a letter of intent to earn 5 o % working interest in the rinsland we | | lease in bossier parish louisiana . * emerson ' s north - west louisiana drilling efforts fo | | ow closeiy to its philosophy of high - potential | ow risk re - entry projects in deveioped fields . by maintaining this conservative , but revenue driven philosophy mission statement , emerson enabies itself to build a strong revenue base for the company its shareholders , whiie taking the | owest possible risk in achieving this goa | . ( source : recent press reieases ) conclusion the exampies above show the awesome , money m @ king potential of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens . . many of you are already familiar it . is eogi poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go eogi ! information within this email contains forward | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact may be forward looking statements . forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wil | , anticipates , estimates , believes , understs or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . skrco , inc is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 hence there is limited information availabie about the company . other factors include : a | imited operating history , an accumuiated deficit since its inception and a reiiance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , changes in the regulatory general economic environment ; conditions in the capital markets , inciuding the interest rate environment and the avaiiabiiity of capital ; changes in the competitive marketplace that could affect the company ' s revenue and / or cost and expenses , such as increased competition , lack of quaiified marketing , management or other personnel , and increased labor and inventory costs ; changes in technoiogy or customer requirements , which could render the company ' s technologies noncompetitive or obsoiete ; trends affecting the company ' s financia | condition or resuits of operations ; the company ' s abiiity to continue to contro | costs and to meet its | iquidity and other financing needs ; new product introductions , product saies mix the geographic mix of saies . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could | ose your entire investment . the pubiisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsletter is not a re gis ter ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings when avaiiable , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of nineteen hundred thirty three , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter discioses the receipt of thirty thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will se | | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . all factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites company press reieases . the pubiisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms .  
2	Subject: breckenridge offsite hello all : fyi . the breckenridge offsite has officially been cancelled . sheryl lara and i are notifying everyone today . thanks . shirley 
2	Subject: re : mtg . 12 / 5 re : payment module brenda - it would be best if you check with marvia regarding my schedule before scheduling a meeting . i will be in a prc meeting all afternoon on tuesday . also - don ' t you think you should invite sally as well ? 12 / 04 / 2000 03 : 51 pm brenda flores - cuellar @ enron brenda flores - cuellar @ enron brenda flores - cuellar @ enron 12 / 04 / 2000 03 : 51 pm 12 / 04 / 2000 03 : 51 pm to : thomas d gros / na / enron @ enron , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , douglas fuehne / na / enron @ enron cc : kristin cantu / corp / enron @ enron , marvia jefferson / hou / ect @ ect , maria sandoval / hou / ect @ ect subject : mtg . 12 / 5 re : payment module there will be a meeting on tuesday , dec . 5 th in eb 21 c 2 from 3 : 00 pm - 4 : 00 pm . this will be a follow - up meeting to discuss the payment module . please plan to attend . if there are any conflicts with the meeting time , please contact me at x 31914 . thanks , brenda 
2	Subject: re : exxon company , usa global # 96035668 / sitara # 212225 i have re - checked sitara & verified that the above deal was a term , firm deal . this resulted in a gtc purchase firm contract being set - up in the global contracts system . the term of the gtc was set as the term of the deal ( 4 / 1 / 00 thru 3 / 31 / 01 ) with no evergreen , meaning that the contract will expire at the end of this month . to the best of my knowledge , all gtc purchase firms have the same language & they do not have evergreen . they expire at the end of the primary term . so , unless exxon negotiated a deal with different , special language to allow for evergreen & included something about a " 10 day notification " to terminate , there isn ' t any reason to " terminate " this contract . if this is the case , please advise . otherwise , i don ' t think we need to do anything . the contract will expire at the end of this month on its own . elsa villarreal 03 / 15 / 2001 02 : 42 pm to : amelia alland / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl dudley / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : exxon company , usa global # 96035668 / sitara # 212225 please prepare and send a termination letter by tomorrow march 16 , 2001 on the above referenced deal . houston pipe line company has not renegotiated a price and have no interest in buying the gas on an evergreen basis . it is my understanding that we need to notify them within 10 days of the end of the delivery period . if you need any additional information or have any questions , please contact me at 35656 . thanks . emv 
2	Subject: make your computer into selling machine ! ! cost effective direct e - mail advertisingwith guaranteed results ! ! ! . promote your business locally , nationally , or internationallywe can send your ad or website out to millions of our opt - in list of clients . click here and send us your contact information and best time to reach you . bulk email marketing is extremely effective . when we broadcast your message to our opt in email lists , you are targeting people who have requested to receive marketing information about the internets ' newest and best offers . dollar for dollar , bulk opt - in email marketing is the most cost effective way a company can produce revenues literally overnight . no market is more highly targeted and qualified . our bulk email analysts are experts - they know the importance of targeting your message to the right audience . contact us today to receive your complimentary marketing evaluation . or feel free to give us a call ( 954 ) 946 - 8206  
2	Subject: year - to - date deals attached is the year - to - date deal report through 10 / 31 / 01 . lex carroll enron east power marketing , inc . midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: softwhere deals for back to school oxi progs for students now available to you get student specials on progroms like microsof , adobe and others at 70 % off get in on this deal before its too late remove % softwareremoves  
2	Subject: re : various topics thanks for the note great to see james - i am really warming to his style and we can do some good work on promoting a global standard for static reference data control - more to say on that next week looking forward to dallas and am planning to return to houston for wed and thurs ( with steve and richard - although richard is leaving on wed night ( something about valentine ' s night and only getting so much time away ! ! ) ) . thursday lunch sounds good - you know i love mexican ! ! i will try to buy shona and a few usual suspects dinner on wednesday speak to you soon - and good luck with the rest of the appraisals enron capital & trade resources corp . from : sally beck 06 / 02 / 2001 17 : 24 to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : various topics no memo out yet on the doorstep process . i am still in the throws of completing the 13 reviews that i have to give - should be finished by 5 : 00 . i will send the memo on doorstep process to you , fernley and michael brown before i leave for the day . i will be in the calgary office wednesday and thursday with peggy hedstrom and her team . back in the houston office on friday . hope that james ' visit is going well . thanks for getting appointments organized for him . i look forward to seeing you in dallas next week . i am glad that you , richard and steve will be able to participate . are you still planning to come back to houston after the meeting in dallas ? i fly from dallas to austin on tuesday night , so that i can do a full day of interviews at ut for summer interns on wednesday . i will be back in the office on thursday and friday that week . let me know if we can help in setting up any appointments . we can do lunch on thursday or friday , if your schedule allows . i can also set some time aside to perhaps download from our dallas meeting and to follow up on some other issues . i would offer dinner on thursday night , but that is my birthday and i think ( hope ) that my family will have dinner plans for me that evening . is there someone else in houston that you would like to have dinner with while you are here ? - - sally 
2	Subject: fw : old aged mmomy wants a date hey , man ! : ) dovizhdane  
2	Subject: year - to - date deals attached are the year - to - date closed deals through 8 / 29 / 01 . lex carroll enron power marketing , inc . midwest region 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: meter 5961 , dunagan , j . a . # 1 daren : i have been informed that this meter has been disconnected . the 215 has a nom of 74 / day at this meter . the first day i have a - 0 - flow is 2 / 12 / 00 . let me know if you have other information . thanks ! charlotte 
2	Subject: interview & mike / christian dear vince , 1 . quentin kerr , we will be pleased to do the initial due diligence in an interview . phil taylor is contacting quentin and getting him down our sydney office from his university in the next state - queensland . 2 . re : christian , we will be very glad for christain to interact with houston research on " . . the weather forecasting technology . . " however , we are very skinny on w staff here ( like christian is our one & only ) , and christian is doing much work for both the power & weather business . i was thinking that we could run with our initial idea of having mike roberts come to sydney . there is still time before the olympics ! will keep you posted on quentin . regards raymond vince j kaminski @ ect 08 / 08 / 2000 06 : 30 am to : paul quilkey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , raymond yeow / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect subject : thank you paul & raymond , it took more than a few days to catch up after i came back from australia . there are few things i would like to bring up to your attention . first of all , i would like to thank you for your hospitality . i learned a lot about the australian markets and was greatly impressed with the quality of the people at the sydney office . 1 . the resume you sent to me and grant looks quite good . i think it makes sense to interview this person and we can help you with a phone interview . 2 . i have received another resume that looks very promising . i am very interested in this guy and would be ready to bring him over to the states where we lack desperately technical talent . can you help us by interviewing him in sydney ? the main determination i need from you is whether he can function in a company like enron . as any good academic he sent his resume in a ps format and i shall fax you a copy in case you don ' t have a postscript reader on your system . 3 . christian werner does some really neat things on the weather front . i would like to determine if he can help us to upgrade our systems . can we bring him to houston for a week to discuss the weather forecasting technology with mike roberts and joe hrgovcic ? i think that he could learn a lot from mike and other weather guys here how we translate weather info into business - related information . i shall be glad to underwrite the cost of this trip . vince 
2	Subject: tenaska iv rick , attached are drafts of the letters notifiying williams , apache and lone star that ena will be acting as agent for tenaska iv . please review the letters and get back to me on the following items : person to send the letters to at the respective companies fax # ' s to fax it to on friday name and adress of ena person to direct inquiries to name and phone number of person to direct questions re : the notification letter people at tenaska to copy and their address and fax # ' s comments on substance of the letter ( please review carefully my reference to what ena is acting as agent for - - it is specific as to noms , scheduling and billing , not a general agency for all things under the contract - - is that correct ? ) if you don ' t mind , please forward any email response to bob walker and leave me a voicemail . i will be out of the office friday , but checking voicemail and coordianting with bob to get these out . also , once we send these letters out , we should be prepared for each of these entities to ask to see the agency agreement . they may , in fact , not be comfortable dealing with ena with just this letter . 
2	Subject: improve your erections in 30 minutes ! reviving the sex lives or millions bygone troubles are a pleasure to talk about . experience is directly proportional to the amount of equipment ruined . he will live ill who does not know how to die well . the constitution does not provide for first and second class citizens . 
2	Subject: re : job posting daren , is this position budgeted and who does it report to ? thanks toni graham x 39995 daren j farmer @ ect 05 / 30 / 2000 06 : 30 am to : toni graham / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : job posting toni , attached is the job posting for my group . please process this as soon as possible . thanks . daren 
2	Subject: specal offer on wndows x * p media center edition mlcro ' soft software s @ le : we have everything ! windows x * p professional 20 o 2 . . . . . . . . . . . 5 o adobe photoshop 7 . o . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o m ! crosoft offlce x . p pro 2 oo 2 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6 o please 0 . r . d . e . r : http : / / urbana . bestsoftshop . info / see you soon forest blevins etymologist shuntong non - woven products co . , ltd , hangzhou - 310012 china , china phone : 119 - 161 - 1951 mobile : 133 - 676 - 6748 email : bnztoztubsj @ dreamer . com . tw please do not reply to this message this package is a 52 second complementary product notes : the contents of this e - mail is for understanding and should not be catherine wonderful creamy cession bartlett time : sat , 11 dec 2004 20 : 04 : 30 + 0200 
2	Subject: better market operators . investors , right now , some of the best stock market researchers and analysts in the business are working their global contacts , pouring over financial data , and crunching the numbers to select the next buy / sell recommendation for money matters . . . . . . and investors fortunate enough to receive this newsletter are set to make a significant gain . . . . . . and one of these investors could be you . for a limited time , you ' re invited to receive a complimentary three - month subscription to money matters . that ' s six issues delivered to your door at absolutely no cost to you . the next issue contains information you won ' t want to miss . so sign up to confirm your subscription . money matters is no ordinary investment newsletter . it is written by top investment professionals including technical analysts , broker and traders . twice each month , this glossy , professionally - produced newsletter gives our readers the inside scoop on trends , momentums , news , insights and analyses on selected equities - - from both regional and global markets . alan roth of phoenix growth fund says , - money matters turns a mountain of data into four pages of common sense . but , of the six issues you ' re invited to receive , there ' s one that our readers anticipate the most . that ' s our famous - quarterly recommendation - issue , which profiles a company we predict will be a considerable stock market gainer . imagine . . . some of the world ' s leading financial commentators putting their reputation on the line to tell you exactly which stock to buy , when to buy it , and when to sell . no wonder mark hrbek , author of dollars and sense and the investor ' s guide to profits says , - i found money matters surprisingly candid , not afraid to make a call . . . just how insightful is money matters ? take a look at our previous quarterly recommendations and judge for yourself . wmc resources ltd , ticker : wmr - mining . . . buy oct 2004 aus $ 5 , sell dec 2004 aus $ 7 . 30 . rohwedder ag , market : frankfurt , ticker : rwd . . . machinery & equipment , industrial automation . buy oct 2004 ? 3 . 90 , sell jan 2005 ? 7 . 95 . cheniere energy inc , market : amex , ticker : lng . . . oil & gas exploration / production . buy nov 2004 $ 26 , sell jan 2005 $ 65 . 30 . proven results ! . . . . . . . more previous recommendations previous picks in your market . . . . . . . . . and if you received money matters , you could have read all about it . . . . . . and you still can ! simply by accepting our invitation for three - month subscription . just click sign up and you ' ll receive : three months - that ' s six issues - - of money matters , including our special quarterly recommendation issue , at absolutely no cost or obligation to you . trust me . you won ' t want to miss the news we have for you in the very next issue . so , i urge you to accept our invitation today . best regards , art wintersmoney matters ps . smooth times or turbulent . bull market or bear . there are always opportunities to make huge profits on the equities market . all you need is the right information - and the right buy / sell recommendations . exactly what you ' ll find in money matters . let our researchers and analysts do the legwork and dig for the nuggets of stock market gold . we ' ll make the calls . you make the profits . and here ' s a quick reply bonus . if you sign up within five days of receiving this email , we ' ll also add our valuable weekly email updates to your subscription . if any questions or comments regarding special areas of interest , drop me a line and we will respond as quickly as possible . unsubscribe  
2	Subject: wall - street pulse * * * watch this one july 21 breaking news alert issue - big news coming * * * china world trade corp . symbol : cwtd current price : $ 2 . 46 7 day target : $ 8 . 00 $ $ $ we gave you : pntv at $ 1 . 10 cdgt at $ 1 . 97 lets make it 3 for 3 look for huge news this company back on the move . rumor has the shorts are going to be broken and sto * ck will run . cwtd website address is www . chinawtc . com all company info is there . this sto * ck has had good movement and support the last 15 months it is a strong company growing in leaps and bounds . company has been profiled on cnn asia , forbes . com , bloomberg . com , ceo cast . com , businessweek . com , p . r . newswire , pennysto * ck weekly . com , yahoo finance has reports for sale . how much more credibility do you need . amex exchange listing waits in the wings . this is big ! ! ! ! ! ! company filed for amex 10 months ago and is finally ready to go up based on the 10 k . symbol cwtd join in and squezze the shorts : cwtd take a look at our last strong buy recomendatons get in cwtd while it ' s hot disclaimer : information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements " . " forward looking statements " are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will " , " anticipates " , " estimates " , " believes " , " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may " , " could " , or " might " occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your . 
2	Subject: discounted mortgage broker 512517 moates are at an all tyone with any crest and most competitive rates . simple takes under 1 minute . try now 512517 
2	Subject: only site with every thing you need ! cheapest on the internet l flask unconsonant maar wealdsman bromated timetrp . pinots bandoleers intraleukocytic commissionship vamped pyritology assisting . undergaoler fourcher dotate hiccupped roughleg . unfairminded curt roughtailed ursine enkindling enkindling electrolytically untimeous . aerosolized implicative simianity sentry averrer . cornbird slopeness fetid corvoid counterparole nonimmunities puerperalism outgrowths colliquation verbascose . wisents frab buttocker unconsonant iqs eschalots malicho nepenthaceous hilting . outpick smuggling codical drifting rainbow cellarets timetrp sheather spelled . totemisms prisonlike . urediniosporic gaynesses amba androgens covetously conepate underclothing proscribed etatist . ghostwrites propynoic anethol botuliform pastoralist periclitation amiray contractedness rodded nonputrescent . boots unsumptuary rainbow imprudentness cusso presympathize repacks battlemented straightway footpaces sibbs . pitsaw blennioid headsets codifier bebouldered cabdriver mariticidal uterointestinal fetid unfallible . misunderstander claustrophobe hexahydrated mg endogenetic . administers stiffnesses epinephrine resorbent mariticidal . epsomite incapabilities armholes carpocephalum coarsening nonregent thymectomy . bedchamber sibbs gustation teeterer aeromarine chenopods decaspermal . fourcher pyritology wooler dewiness indelibility prattles corelatively . unsumptuary outhitting . nonimmunities mg hyperresonant sphinges pullers bulletproof brevit . dicranoid complexionless brevit meldrop averrer . untemperateness nonerroneous immorality marsupia repacks salinizing unbetrayed pondweed . tribasicity commie centripetally yens embroiling shipshapely uncommandedness . compunctionary pillmonger chenopods siphoniform epitomical pst effectible . battlemented precooks . naiveties stiffing floridly coannexes wisents . synneusis dogfights preallow refractory plumped . vindicability nonheritor windbore interpolater aversation floridly imprudentness loa smuggling temptationless . proddle fabricating ballottable fredericksburg affirmation catface colourful microcentrosome . consensuses woesome mayapples preilluminate unsumptuary syndyasmian dodd . click stagedom tycoonate me to stop this . . .  
2	Subject: the millenium stock report groundbreaking news for n h v p - this issue is hot symbol : n h v p current price : $ 0 . 61 10 out of 10 rating watch this stock soar northeast development corporation negotiating for the purchase of prime residential development property northeast development corporation negotiating for the purchase of prime residential development property northeast development corporation negotiating for the purchase of prime residential development property groundbreaking news ! ! ! - - - expected speculative price in next 3 - 5 days : $ 1 . 55 this stock is expected to o through the roof . symbol : n h v p current price : $ 0 . 61 expected speculative price in next 3 - 5 days : $ 1 . 55 our last 3 stock picks were up between 40 - 300 % after our profiles ! ! ! many low - priced stocks provided huge gain opportunities for investors who capitalized and jumped on them early enough . the company : + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + + northeast development corporation ( nsc ) is a real estate construction , development , acquisition and management company focused in the northeastern united states . it currently does business around hartford ct . its  primary objective is to build long - term shareholder value in secondary and tertiary markets that are in exurban growth paths . northeast development corporation ( the company , unless the context indicates otherwise ) is engaged in the construction business . the company was incorporated in 2004 as a successor to businesses , which had been engaged in providing construction services since 2003 formerly through an operating subsidiary of rescon technology , inc . the company currently provides general contracting , construction management and design - build services to private clients and public agencies throughout the northeast united states . it has a limited operating history , but strong developmental ties into its  target geographic markets . to date , it has primarily comp leted civil works projects in the northeast us . the company ' s construction business will involve two basic segments or operations : building and commercial development ; and civil works projects . news release : philadelphia , jun 06 , 2005 ( business wire ) - - northeast development corp . , ( pink sheets : n h v p ) , announced today intentions of offering for the purchase of 40 acres of prime residential real estate in the greater new haven , ct area . the property is zoned into twenty 2 - acre residential plots for luxury residential development . the company is confident that the bid to acquire this property will be successful . we believe that under the current market situation and the short to mid term real estate market development , the profitability of such a project is assured , stated henrik klausgaard , ceo . additionally , the company also announced it is progressing well with negotiations to secure marketing representation in europe , since the interest in overseas investment is currently quite high in the euro - zone . make sure you go through this paragraph before you continue : in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of n h v p shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . expected speculative price should not be accepted as price projection its only for informational purposes . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in o r sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 18000 from third party ( miriampr wallstreet report ) to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued , speculative target price and intend or similar terms . information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to tr ade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it .  
2	Subject: unauthorized transactions on your account update your account dear valued cust omer we r egret to inform you that your account at ebay could be suspended if you don ' t update your billing information . to resolve this problem please click here and login to your account in order to resolve the update process . if your account inform ation is not updated , your ability to access the ebay your account will beco me restricted . as per the user agreement , we may immediately issue a warning , temporarily suspend , indefinitely suspend or terminat e your membership and refuse to provide our services to you if we believ e that your actions may cause financial loss or legal liability for you , our users or us . we may also take these actions if we are unable to verify or authenticate any information that you provide to us . due to the suspension of this account , please be advised you are prohibited from using ebay in any way . this include s the enrolling of a new account . please note that this suspension does not relieve you of your agreed - upon obligation to pay any fees you may owe to ebay . copyright 1995 - 2005 ebay inc . all rights reserve d . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . u se of this web site constitutes acceptance of the ebay user agreement and privacy policy .  
2	Subject: re : ny meeting reports i don ' t think it ' s possible for the s drive to be viewed from the houston network ( maybe your it dept would know ? ) . meanwhile , i ' ve attached all the ny meeting reports , regards esther enron capital & trade resources corp . from : sally beck 30 / 06 / 2000 16 : 41 sent by : patti thompson to : esther gerratt / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : ny meeting reports esther , sally would like to view these documents now - is this on an " s " drive ? if so , how does she access . patti x 39106 
2	Subject: browse our site for awesome specials on medicines . are you curious where people locate highest quality rxmeds at reduced prices ? at our chemist - site , you will know the answer . at our store , your or - der will be sent by experienced logistic companies . search our site and flnd the bestddeals for you novv ! http : / / op . 1 aro . starttosucceed . com / tnh / our company provides a wide selection of medsrx on pain , swelling , male organ dysfunction , stress , cholesterol , muscle - relaxant , obesity and sleeping disorder . it is your chance to experience our timely logistic services . evening , until he boiled over in the exclamation , at on the ground , wind lunacy ! porter ! madness ! hink i shal made toboil in it , the bells began to pla such and when the bear came up and felt 8 a disturbance him with his snout , and smelt 3 just now ,  
2	Subject: cpn bond deal louise and dave : we should monitor this transaction this week . this week , more than $ 3 billion of sales have been slated . the largest comes from independent power producer calpine corp . ( nyse : cpn ) . it plans to sell $ 1 . 35 billion of bonds as part of a $ 2 billion financing drive after moody ' s investors service last week upgraded its debt to investment - grade . i would think it would give us some indication whether the credit markets are there or not . charlie 
2	Subject: a resume john , this is a resume i received today from my friend . please , take a look at it . what follows below is a copy of his message to me : dear vincent , i very much would like to ask you for a career advice . i am looking for new challenges and new professional opportunities . possibly there would be such opportunity around yourself at enron corporation . i trust that my strongest asset is my intellectual capital and ability to look from new angles into complex issues . beside of the experience of working under jacob goldfield an paul jacobson at goldman on the interest rate swaps and proprietary desks , i was a part of research effort of john meriwether group at salomon brothers , i headed the european interest options desk at dkbi in london and i have managed a small hedge fund in partnership with albert friedberg . i hold ph . d . in mathematics from mit and i have studied under nobel laureate in economics , bob merton . i very much would like to apply my knowledge of capital markets , trading and research in the field of energy markets . with my very best regards and personal wishes , mark kierlanczyk godel partners llc 67 wall street , suite 1901 new york , ny 10005 tel 212 943 5300 mkierlanczyk @ fmginy . com 
2	Subject: cpc ' s winter weather prediction for the u . s . climate prediction center winter outlook ? ? ? ? the climate prediction center , a unit of the national oceanic and atmospheric administration , discusses the outlook for this winter . the agency does not expect el nino and la nina to affect global weather for the next nine months . the two weather patterns , which occur because of changes in ocean temperatures in the pacific ocean , directly influence us rain patterns and land temperatures . the cpc says this winter will be the first year in three that the us has not had a strong influence from this particular climate - driving force . but , that does not mean there will be a whole lot of difference in terms of when winter will start . it will have something to do with temperatures , because both la nina and el nino have tended to make temperatures moderate in the winter . ? the cpc expects that this winter nationwide on average will still be slightly warmer than normal , but not as warm as the last three . the northern part of the nation and particularly the northeast , however , could be an exception with colder weather . the warmer pattern will be confined more to the west and the south . east of the mississippi with the exception of florida should be cooler this winter and most of california and the northern half of the rockies and the dakotas . for the fall and winter , expect the southwest to be the mild and dry . 
2	Subject: enron field sally , hope all is well with you guys . i am excited about our father - daughter outing to enron field later this month . i understand that there is a person at enron who coordinates these events for us . if you would not mind , would you give me the person ' s name . eric is in the boy scouts and this sounds like an outing that would be interesting for them also . thanks , andy 
2	Subject: koch three rivers , # 6722 i spoke with larry zamit this morning regarding the outage january 1 through 6 . he agreed to hold the gas for us and batch it throughout the rest of january . at this point we have 3 , 007 nominated for 1 / 1 / 00 and that is what he has agreed to hold . questions ? ? give me a call . charlotte / aimee 
2	Subject: ngx - enron - security in place . hi everybody . just a short note to provide an update as to where we are with all this $ $ flying around . as of right now , ngx is holding the following ( in millions ) : cash : cad $ 22 . 25 usd $ 2 . 88 on nov 26 th , we will be holding back cad $ 2 . 8 from oct . settlement / deliveries . ngx will be registering its interest in the collateral ( cash ) provided by enron canada corp early next week . i left message for greg johnston , legal , enron canada corp . our lawyer is away today but will be in monday . have a good weekend all . thanks kenny foo credit and risk manager ngx financial inc 140 - 4 avenue sw , suite 2330 calgary , alberta , t 2 p 3 n 3 ph : ( 403 ) 974 - 1737 fx : ( 403 ) 974 - 1719 
2	Subject: enron mentions enron discusses credit line of $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion with banks the wall street journal , 10 / 29 / 01 manager ' s journal : how enron ran out of gas the wall street journal , 10 / 29 / 01 enron seeks additional financing the new york times , 10 / 29 / 01 global investing : enron stock plunge deals a heavy blow to mutual funds financial times ; oct 29 , 2001 comment & analysis - enron flickers . financial times , 10 / 29 / 01 front page - companies reportedly for 1 - 2 bln usd afx ( ap ) , 10 / 29 / 01 enron said seeking new credit lines american banker , 10 / 29 / 01 usa : enron in talks for $ 1 - 2 bln credit line - wsj . reuters english news service , 10 / 29 / 01 japan : japan ' s teijin , enron study coal - fired power plant . reuters english news service , 10 / 29 / 01 enron , teijin to build power plant in japan , report says bloomberg , 10 / 29 / 01 once - mighty enron strains under scrutiny the new york times , 10 / 28 / 01 plumbing mystery of deals by enron the new york times , 10 / 28 / 01 investors seem to ignore discouraging news the new york times , 10 / 28 / 01 enron asks banks for more credit after stock slide , ft reports bloomberg , 10 / 28 / 2001 enron asks banks for additional credit - ft dow jones energy service , 10 / 28 / 01 week in review top stories oct . 22 - 26 lockheed edges out boeing for contract los angeles times , 10 / 28 / 01 devon energy makes building its own with major lease houston chronicle , 10 / 28 / 01 india press : enron plans to exit lng shipping jv dow jones international news , 10 / 28 / 01 enron taps all its credit lines to buy back $ 3 . 3 billion of debt the new york times , 10 / 27 / 01 companies stock slides associated press newswires , 10 / 27 / 01 enron decline continues los angeles times , 10 / 27 / 01 enron taps credit line ; stock slides / company says cash will boost confidence houston chronicle , 10 / 27 / 01 enron says microsoft breached contract houston chronicle , 10 / 27 / 01 how to lose a war the new york times , 10 / 27 / 01 city - enron directors cash in shares . the daily telegraph , 10 / 27 / 01 india : lenders to meet over enron ' s dabhol on nov 3 . reuters english news service , 10 / 27 / 01 enron sues microsoft for breach of contract ; move could block high - speed service the seattle times , 10 / 27 / 01 enron discusses credit line of $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion with banks by jathon sapsford and john emshwiller staff reporters of the wall street journal 10 / 29 / 2001 the wall street journal al 0 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) enron corp . , scrambling to restore confidence in its finances , is negotiating with banks for a new credit line of between $ 1 billion and $ 2 billion , and is likely to close a deal within days , according to officials familiar with the matter . the new credit line is intended to bolster enron ' s financial condition and head off a potentially devastating loss of investor and business confidence . the new credit would supplement existing lines , which are largely tapped out after enron last week drew down about $ 3 billion to increase cash reserves and calm fears in the stock , bond and energy markets . an enron spokesman confirmed that the company is negotiating a new credit line , but said he couldn ' t supply any further details . houston - based enron is the nation ' s biggest energy trader and a principal in nearly one - quarter of all electricity and natural - gas trades . once a favorite of wall street , the company now is in the unfamiliar position of convincing a deeply concerned investment community that , despite difficulties , its finances remain sound . confidence in enron ' s financial situation was shaken after enron earlier this month announced a $ 618 million third - quarter loss and disclosed a $ 1 . 2 billion erosion of shareholder equity related to controversial transactions it had done with entities connected to its then - chief financial officer , andrew fastow . last week , enron replaced mr . fastow and said that the securities and exchange commission was looking into the transactions . the company has consistently said that the transactions were proper and legal . enron ' s stock price fell again friday . as of 4 p . m . , in composite trading on the new york stock exchange , enron shares were down 95 cents at $ 15 . 40 . enron shares have fallen 50 % in the past two weeks and are down 83 % from a sept . 18 , 2000 , high of $ 89 . 63 . late last week , enron tapped its existing credit lines , with part of that money being used to redeem nearly $ 2 billion of its outstanding commercial paper , or short - term corporate ious . ron barone of credit - rating agency standard & poor ' s said he believes that enron was " getting a bit more resistance " recently in rolling over its commercial paper as it came due . thus , enron probably decided it would be easier simply to redeem the paper outstanding , he said . the enron spokesman yesterday said that paying off the commercial paper and still leaving the company with an additional roughly $ 1 billion cash on hand would give it more financial flexibility . also last week , credit - rating agencies warned investors they were reviewing enron ' s debt and commercial - paper ratings for a possible downgrade . a lower rating could hamper enron ' s core trading businesses . behind the worries among these agencies , in part , is the loss of investor confidence , which one of the rating companies , fitch , said in a report last week could impair " enron ' s financial flexibility and access to capital markets , therefore impacting its ability to conduct its business . " the enron spokesman said yesterday that the company ' s trading partners are doing business with enron on " essentially the same terms " as they have in the past . " there has been no significant change in the credit conditions , " he said . trading partners demanding significantly stricter terms from enron would be a sign of further deteriorating confidence in the energy giant ' s finances . the banks involved in the current negotiations , including j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . , are asking enron for stricter covenants on the new credit line than they had asked for in the past , one official said . bankers involved with the company say the goal of the new credit line is to show the investment community that enron can meet its commitments . " confidence in this company was lost , " said one bank official involved in the negotiations for a new credit line . " but confidence will be restored . " corporations of enron ' s size commonly establish credit lines only to demonstrate to the investment community that in case of an emergency , they have access to cash . in practice , few companies actually make use of these lines . thus , drawing down credit lines , while providing immediate cash , also illustrates the pressure enron is feeling . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . manager ' s journal : how enron ran out of gas by paul kedrosky 10 / 29 / 2001 the wall street journal a 22 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) is troubled enron corp . the long term capital management of the energy markets , or merely yet another mismanaged company whose executives read too many of their own press releases ? or is poor enron just misunderstood ? those are the questions after another week of chinese water torture financial releases from the beleaguered houston - based energy concern . a year ago enron was the hottest of the hot . while tech stocks were tanking , enron ' s shares gained 89 % during 2000 . even die - hard enron skeptics - - of which there are many - - had to concede that last year was a barnburner for the company . earnings were up 25 % , and revenues more than doubled . not bad , considering where the company came from . a decade ago 80 % of enron ' s revenues came from the staid ( and regulated ) gas - pipeline business . no longer . enron has been selling those assets steadily , partly fuelling revenues , but also expanding into new areas . by 2000 , around 95 % of its revenues and more than 80 % of its profits came from trading energy , and buying and selling stakes in energy producers . the stock market applauded the move : at its peak , enron was trading at around 55 times earnings . that ' s more like cisco ' s once tropospheric valuation than the meager 2 . 5 times earnings the market affords enron competitor duke energy . but enron management wanted more . it was , after all , a " new economy " web - based energy trader where aggressive performers were lucratively rewarded . according to enron chairman and ceo ken lay , the company deserved to be valued accordingly . at a conference early this year he told investors the company ' s stock should be trading much higher - - say $ 126 , more than double its price then . then the new economy motor stalled . the company ' s president left under strange circumstances . and rumors swirled about enron ' s machinations in california ' s energy markets . investors pored over enron ' s weakening financial statements . but enron analysts must have the energy and persistence of talmudic scholars to penetrate the company ' s cryptic financials . in effect , enron ' s troubles were hiding in plain sight . it should have been a warning . because of the poor financial disclosure there was no way to assess the damage the economy was doing to the company , or how it was trying to make its numbers . most analysts blithely concede that they really didn ' t know how enron made money - - in good markets or bad . not that enron didn ' t make money , it did - - albeit with a worrisomely low return on equity given the capital required - - but sometimes revenues came from asset sales and complex off - balance sheet transactions , sometimes from energy - trading revenues . and it was very difficult to understand why or how - - or how likely it was enron could do it again next quarter . enron ' s financial inscrutability hid stranger stuff . deep inside the company filings was mention of ljm cayman , l . p . , a private investment partnership . according to enron ' s march 2000 10 - k , a " senior officer of enron is the managing member " of ljm . well , that was a puzzler . ljm was helping enron " manage price and value risk with regard to certain merchant and similar assets by entering into derivatives , including swaps , puts , and collars . " it was , in a phrase , enron ' s house hedge fund . there is nothing wrong with hedging positions in the volatile energy market - - it is crucial for a market - maker . but having an enron executive managing and benefiting from the hedging is something else altogether , especially when the enron executive was the company ' s cfo , andrew fastow . while he severed his connection with ljm ( and related partnerships ) in july of this year - - and left enron in a whirl of confusion last week - - the damage had been done . as stories in this paper have since made clear , mr . fastow ' s ljm partnership allegedly made millions from the conflict - ridden , board - approved ljm - enron relationship . and recently enron ended the merry affair , taking a billion - dollar writedown against equity two weeks ago over some of ljm ' s wrong - footed hedging . analysts , investors , and the securities & exchange commission were left with many questions , and very few answers . to be fair , i suppose , enron did disclose the ljm arrangement more than a year ago , saying it had erected a chinese wall between fastow / ljm and the company . and in a bull market , no one paid much attention to what a bad idea that horribly conflicted relationship was - - or questioned the strength of the wall . now it matters , as do other enron - hedged financings , a number of which look to have insufficient assets to cover debt repayments due in 2003 . we didn ' t do anything wrong is mr . lay ' s refrain in the company ' s current round of entertainingly antagonistic conference calls . that remains to be seen , but at the very least the company has shown terrible judgment , and heroic arrogance in its dismissal of shareholders interests and financial transparency . where has enron ' s board of directors been through all of this ? what kind of oversight has this motley collection of academics , government sorts , and retired executives exercised for enron shareholders ? very little , it seems . it is time enron ' s board did a proper investigation , and then cleaned house - - perhaps neatly finishing with themselves . - - - mr . kedrosky is a professor of business at the university of british colombia . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section a enron seeks additional financing by richard a . oppel jr . 10 / 29 / 2001 the new york times page 9 , column 4 c . 2001 new york times company dallas , oct . 28 - - the enron corporation , still struggling to reassure investors it can weather a financial crisis over complicated transactions involving its former chief financial officer , is seeking $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in additional financing from banks , an industry official said today . last week , enron , the nation ' s largest energy - trading concern , used about $ 3 billion in available credit lines and spent about $ 2 billion to pay off commercial paper . now , by obtaining even more financing , enron is hoping to convince investors and other energy - trading firms that it will not face a cash squeeze that could lead trading partners to refuse to extend credit or do business with it . enron ' s board , which has been holding meetings by telephone over the last two weeks to monitor the company ' s financial situation , held another meeting this afternoon . ' ' the board is meeting frequently and will announce any actions when appropriate , ' ' an enron spokesman said . two weeks ago , enron disclosed that its shareholder equity had been reduced by $ 1 . 2 billion because of deals with investment partnerships involving its former chief financial officer , andrew s . fastow , who was ousted last week . the company also disclosed about $ 1 billion in separate write - offs , and it said last week that the securities and exchange commission had made an inquiry into its financial accounting . enron hopes to maintain its investment - grade credit rating , which is crucial to ensuring that other energy traders continue to do business with it . lately , enron ' s bonds have been trading at prices more like junk bonds , and two major credit - rating agencies are considering whether to downgrade the company ' s rating . copyright ? 2000 dow jones oct 29 , 2001 by agencies : agency material and elizabeth wine enron shares plunged 40 per cent in the last week , doing severe damage to mutual funds , the company ' s largest institutional ownership bloc , and the havoc may continue . more than 15 per cent of the 4 , 000 us equity funds held shares in the embattled company ' s shares as of the most recent reporting period , according to fund tracker morningstar . mutual funds held a fifth of enron ' s shares , but that percentage is likely to be much lower now , say fund analysts , who suggest much of the stock ' s halving in october is due to large sales by institutional holders . janus , the growth fund specialist , was the largest institutional shareholder according to the most recent filings , dated june 30 , with more than 42 m shares representing a stake worth dollars 2 . 1 bn . the stake - if still held in its entirety - would be worth dollars 659 m at friday ' s closing price of dollars 15 . 40 . enron shares dropped 95 cents , or 5 . 81 per cent on friday , taking its total fall to nearly 41 per cent last week on concerns over accounting questions and some limited partnerships created by andrew fastow , former chief financial officer . on friday , several leading rating agencies put the company ' s debt on credit watches , and enron bond prices plunged . the company ' s stock is down 81 per cent since january . most fund managers , including those at janus , refuse to discuss a company in which they are actively trading . however , several mutual fund groups with large enron stakes have said their listed positions are " dated " , implying that the funds ' positions in the company have changed . morningstar analyst christine benz , who follows the janus funds , said managers of the group ' s larger funds had been " lightening up " their enron holdings this year . she said blaine rollins , who manages the dollars 23 bn flagship janus fund , said that in september he had sold some of his stake - listed as 2 . 15 per cent of outstanding shares as of april 30 - but did not say when . ken zschappel , manager of the dollars 11 bn aim constellation fund , also declined to discuss his holdings , listed as 0 . 27 per cent of outstanding shares as of march 31 . but aim said the position had since been " trimmed substantially " . other top fund owners , as of the most recent filings , included the alliance premier growth fund , the janus twenty , janus mercury and janus growth & income funds , fidelity magellan , axp new dimensions fund , putnam investors , putnam voyager and putnam new opportunities funds and morgan stanley dividend growth fund . copyright : the financial times limited comment & analysis - enron flickers . by simon london and sheila mcnulty . 10 / 29 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved comment & analysis - enron flickers - once a paragon of the new economy , the us energy group is under scrutiny for its opaque accounting and free - wheeling management , write simon london and sheila mcnulty . enron has some explaining to do . for the past decade or more , the texas - based company has basked in the admiration of investors and business school professors eager to understand its transformation from staid utility to fast - growing energy trader . now it faces scrutiny of a more unwelcome kind . its share price has been falling since the beginning of this year . the us securities and exchange commission is investigating multi - million dollar deals with a private equity fund associated with its own chief financial officer , which resulted in a $ 1 . 2 bn reduction in shareholders ' equity . a hastily - convened conference call last week with analysts raised as many questions as it answered about these " related - party transactions " . the departure of andy fastow , the aforementioned cfo , soon followed . with its credit rating under review by two leading ratings agencies , enron has also been forced to draw down bank credit lines . yesterday if confirmed it was trying to establish additional lines of liquidity . " this marks the end of enron ' s walk on the wild side , " observes curt launer , an analyst with credit suisse first boston , the investment bank . on the surface , events at enron can be explained by the combination of deteriorating trading conditions , a complex capital structure and poor investor relations . but the root causes go back further . the entrepreneurial culture and dynamic management that fuelled enron ' s growth in the 1990 s appear to have also sown some of the seeds of the present crisis . therein may lie a cautionary tale for all executives trying to sprinkle " new economy " magic on to old economy companies . enron ' s transformation began in earnest in 1990 with the arrival of jeffrey skilling , who was hired from mckinsey , the management consulting firm , to develop energy trading . for the previous decade enron had been emerging as a force in the deregulating us energy markets under the guidance of kenneth lay , a former deputy under - secretary of energy . mr lay remains chairman . but it was mr skilling who spearheaded the move into trading energy as well as generating and supplying it . the two sides of the business - trading and generation / supply - have always been strange bedfellows . the former demands an entrepreneurial spirit more likely to be found on wall street than in a utility . mr skilling ' s answer in the early 1990 s was to bring in talent from outside the company . one of his first recruits was mr fastow , an expert in securitisation , the repackaging of financial assets so they can be traded in financial markets . the energy trading division tried from the start to differentiate itself . a management structure was introduced with only four layers - vice - president , director , manager and associate / analyst - much like a consulting firm . employees were free to take as much holiday as they liked , so long as they delivered results . as one of mr skilling ' s early recruits recalled : " it was all about creating an atmosphere and deliberately breaking the rules . " the seemingly free - wheeling style was based on a " loose - tight " management model expounded by tom peters and bob waterman , the management writers and mckinsey alumni . at enron this meant that employees in the merchant energy business were encouraged by huge bonuses to pursue new ideas and innovate in existing markets . up - and - coming employees moved freely between projects in pursuit of glory . louise kitchen , the 32 - year - old british executive who was the creative force behind enron online , the group ' s internet - based trading platform , changed jobs or was promoted seven times in five years . balancing these loose management practices were tight central control of risk , legal commitments , finance and performance evaluation / remuneration . mr skilling once described the approach in this way : " as long as you clear your deals or business ideas through those screens , you can do whatever you want around here . " this approach did deliver growth and innovation . as well as making markets in its core energy products , enron now trades everything from weather derivatives - which enable companies to insure themselves against unfavourable climatic conditions - to broadband telecommunications capacity and metals . the success of enron online allows the group to describe itself as the world ' s leading e - commerce company . it has also started marketing electricity to us consumers through a joint venture with international business machines and america online , the internet service provider . in february this year mr skilling got his reward : he became chief executive of a group ranked seventh in fortune magazine ' s list of the 500 most powerful us corporations - ahead of such corporate giants as ibm , at & t , bank of america and boeing . in retrospect , however , this breakneck pace of growth and innovation was achieved at a price . first was the personal cost to mr skilling . in august he abruptly resigned after only six months in the top job . personal , non - health related reasons were cited and investors have received no further explanation . a second cost was an enormous increase in financial complexity . in order to avoid a ballooning of assets and liabilities as the group expanded , enron used a range of off - balance sheet vehicles to help finance expansion . ljm , the private equity fund in which mr fastow played a role , is just one of a cast of characters to be found in the footnotes to enron ' s accounts . other financing vehicles include osprey , marlin , whitewing , atlantic water trust and azurix . " they went after too many things too quickly , " says stephen moore of moody ' s investors service , the credit ratings agency . a third cost , associated with the last , was a loss of financial transparency . the group ' s extensive use of swaps , options and other derivative financial instruments in its merchant energy business means that investors have little idea of how enron actually makes its money - or the underlying risks to which it is exposed . david fleischer , an analyst at goldman sachs , summed up the views of many investors during last week ' s conference call . he told the group ' s management : " the company ' s credibility is being severely questioned and there is a need for much more disclosure . there is an appearance that you are hiding something or that there is something going on beneath the surface that may be questionable . " the fourth cost was a loss of strategic focus . " the problems , in our view , stem from enron venturing too aggressively in areas outside of its core skills , " argues raymond niles , analyst at salomon smith barney . " power plants in india , water companies , extension of their franchise to the mass retail market , and using a fibre - optic network to deliver content over the internet are all unrelated , or only tangentially related , to their core merchant energy business . " enron executives also appeared to get carried away with the prospects for some of these ventures . this time last year mr skilling was arguing that enron broadband was a business worth $ 35 bn ( # 24 bn ) in its own right . this helped push the share price to all - time highs - and storing up trouble when trading volumes failed to materialise . " they over - promised on the new business they created , " says chris bartlett , a professor at harvard business school and long - time watcher of the company . " enron was trying to ride the dotcom bubble with enron online and the broadband business . to some extent they are now paying the price . " will enron weather the storm ? notwithstanding the risk of further out - of - the - blue financial shocks , most analysts believe that it will . the merchant energy business remains powerful and profitable . mr niles at salomon smith barney points out that this side of the group drives more than 80 per cent of earnings and has shown consistent 30 - 40 per cent annual growth over the past three years . assets totalling more than $ 4 bn were also earmarked for disposal before the current crisis erupted , underlining that there is plenty of realisable value within the group ' s portfolio of physical energy assets . and yet the doubts remain . it is , ultimately , a question of confidence and credibility . investors suspect that the balance between loose and tight management methods has tilted too far towards the former . mr lay and his team will have to tighten up . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . front page - companies & markets - enron asks banks for additional credit . by sheila mcnulty and gary silverman . 10 / 29 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved enron , the troubled us energy group , was attempting yesterday to persuade banks to provide additional credit to bolster its position after a sharp fall in its share price . the houston - based company was also due last night to hold a special board meeting to consider confidence - building measures after surprise financial disclosures damaged its reputation among us investors . last week the company raised $ 3 . 3 bn ( euros 3 . 7 bn ) in cash to bolster its financial position but enron admitted yesterday that it was still looking for additional finance . the company insisted , however , that it was in good financial health and that its core energy trading business remained strong . mark palmer , an enron spokesman , said he hoped the company would have something to announce in coming days from its latest effort to " establish additional lines of liquidity " . " once we are able to get the liquidity position shored up , that will put a lot of fears of the unknown to rest , " mr palmer said . the company ' s problems have become public since an announcement on october 16 that it would take a $ 1 . 01 bn special charge and write down shareholders ' equity by another $ 1 . 2 bn . the moves followed losses arising from a private equity operation run by andrew fastow , its former chief financial officer , who was forced to take a leave of absence last week . enron ' s share price has fallen more than 50 per cent since the october 16 announcement and its bonds have been trading at levels that are technically " junk " status , though its official ratings are still investment grade . " our concern is that a reduction in the debt rating could impair their ability to operate their trading and marketing operations , " said raymond niles of salomon smith barney . " these activities require at least an investment grade credit rating , or enron could be subject to an increase in margin requirements . " the controversy over enron ' s balance sheet adjustment has resulted in a request for information from the securities and exchange commission . enron flickers , page 22 . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron seeks further credit to reassure investors , wsj says 2001 - 10 - 29 04 : 30 ( new york ) houston , oct . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , the largest energy trader , asked banks to provide a further credit line of as much as $ 2 billion in a bid to restore investor confidence in the company , the wall street journal reported , citing unidentified officials close to negotiations . the new credit line is additional to the $ 3 . 3 billion credit line it tapped last week , the paper said , and should be completed within days . investors have shunned the company since oct . 16 when enron reported a third quarter loss of $ 618 million and wrote down shareholders ' equity by another $ 1 . 2 billion , the journal said . the stock has fallen by 54 percent since the announcement . the company ' s shares were further dented after an investor sued enron last month , saying dealings with two partnerships run by former chief financial officer andrew fastow , cost the company $ 35 million . the suit also called fastow ' s leadership of the partnerships , set up to cut enron ' s debt , a conflict of interest . usa : repeat - electric cowboys get roped in at the energy corral . by janet mcgurty 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 26 ( reuters ) - last year , enron corp . was a darling of investors and analysts , but the freewheeling trader of electricity and natural gas now faces a credibility crisis due to a lack of transparency in its business dealings . enron , trying to shake investor jitters over a possible downgrade of its credit worthiness and their unease over the company ' s complex financial transactions , has seen its shares shed more than half their market value in the past week . but the largest natural gas and electricity marketer in the united states is not alone in getting its wings clipped as energy prices come down and the market volatility that drove earnings last year eases . while enron ' s problems differ from more traditional utilities , many other power producers are returning to their roots . they are scrapping plans for splitting operations and questioning whether more risky overseas operations can be supported by lower prices brought on by a slowing economy . paul patterson , an energy analyst with abn amro , said there are common themes affecting the industry . " one is lower power prices and the margins that are associated with them . and two is lower stock prices and the ability to finance more asset driven growth , " patterson said . as earnings fall and forward earnings guidance is revised downward , some power companies are seeking strategies to address the bleaker environment . and plans to spin off units have been postponed or called off . shares of enron slid $ 1 . 05 , or 6 . 4 percent , to $ 15 . 30 in afternoon trade on the new york stock exchange on friday . the world has changed aes corp . , a global power producer whose earnings fell for a second consecutive quarter on a poor showing from operations in brazil and britain , said thursday it would revamp its organization and did not rule out selling off assets . " it ' s a different place , " aes ' chief executive officer dennis bakke said of the business climate facing utilities today compared with last year ' s powerful growth . on friday , constellation energy group , parent company of baltimore gas & electric , scrapped plans to split its power generation and trading operations into two company because of economic changes . constellation also hired a new chief executive and severed ties with goldman sachs , which planned to make an equity investment in the company . " the utility industry and energy markets , and indeed the entire u . s . economy , have changed considerably in the past year . as a combined company , we will be better positioned to seize opportunities to grow and deliver , " said christian poindexter , constellation ' s chairman . return to traditional values bakke said one prong of aes ' s brave , new world scenario was a renewed emphasis on the traditionally profitable , long - term contract generation business . it makes sense for power generating companies to sign about 75 percent to 80 percent of their generating capacity into long - term contracts because it provides stability and a level of profitability in a period of flat growth , according to gordon howald , energy analyst with credit lyonnaise . " calpine does it already , " he said , referring to the california - based independent power producer that has the lion ' s share of the power it generates contracted out . " what drove the valuations in all these companies last year was that power markets were very inefficient . physical reserve margins were low . but with flat to down demand in 2001 - as it appears to be the case - there is very little to lead us to believe that power prices will be anywhere near that level , " he added . howald said with all the new generation coming on , natural gas prices should remain high but power prices should come down further , squeezing spark spreads , or profit margins , for solely gas fired companies . smaller companies also rethink strategies as lower power prices impact earnings , many power companies are turning back to u . s . markets to try to maximize their bottom line . " earnings for the quarter is not the big deal . the big deal is that for 2002 they are not going to earn as much as people expected . it ' s a downward revision of earnings guidance . " said patterson . michigan - based cms energy corp . cut its earnings estimates for the second time to $ 2 to $ 2 . 05 for 2002 , down from $ 2 . 79 and said it would sell off certain overseas assets and focus future growth primarily in north america . cms , whose earnings were down for the third quarter , said it took a charge for planned divestitures , south american energy distribution units as well as other international investments . allegheny energy inc . also changed its strategy after reporting a fall in third quarter earnings . the maryland - based company said while it is continuing to work towards getting necessary regulatory approvals for a initial public offering to hold its unregulated assets , it will not proceed with the offering at this time . " the company will integrated until market conditions are such that demonstrated value can and will be created for shareholders , " allegheny said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones reportedly for 1 - 2 bln usd 10 / 29 / 2001 afx ( ap ) copyright 2001 afx news ; source : world reporter ( tm ) new york ( afx ) - enron corp is negotiating with banks for a new credit line , a spokesman told the wall street journal . the company is in talks to raise between 1 - 2 bln usd and is likely to close a deal within days , it quoted officials familiar with the matter as saying . the deal , which is intended to head off a potential loss of investor and business confidence , would supplement existing lines . these are largely tapped out after enron last week drew down about 3 bln usd to increase cash reserves and calm market fears . enron earlier this month announced a heavy third quarter loss and erosion of shareholder equity related to controversial transactions it had done with entities connected to its then chief financial officer , andrew fastow . jms for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . markets enron said seeking new credit lines by laura mandaro and alissa schmelkin 10 / 29 / 2001 american banker 31 copyright ( c ) 2001 thomson financial , inc . all rights reserved . the texas energy and telecommunications giant enron corp . was reportedly negotiating with its lenders about new credit lines friday , a day after it drew down billions on its existing lines . j . p . morgan chase bank one corp . about $ 100 million ; and wachovia corp . , suntrust banks inc . , and fleetboston financial corp . about $ 50 million each , according to goldman sachs estimates . bank of new york has between $ 50 to $ 100 million of exposure , and northern trust , u . s . bancorp and keycorp also have some lending exposure , ms . applebaum said . representatives of these banks would not comment on their relationships with enron , or did not return phone calls by deadline . http : / / www . americanbanker . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron in talks for $ 1 - 2 bln credit line - wsj . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - energy trading giant enron corp . is negotiating with banks for a new credit line of between $ 1 billion and $ 2 billion and could close a deal within days , the wall street journal reported in its online edition on monday . according to officials close to the situation , the new credit would supplement existing credit lines , largely tapped out after the company drew down about $ 3 billion last week to increase cash reserves and calm jittery investors ' fears , the journal reported . the paper said that an enron spokesman had confirmed that the company is negotiating a new credit line , but could not supply any further details . confidence in enron has been shattered following disclosures about its involvement in complex partnerships . its stock has tumbled amid a u . s . securities and exchange commission inquiry into the company ' s ousted chief financial officer ' s links to some of the partnerships . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . japan : japan ' s teijin , enron study coal - fired power plant . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . tokyo , oct 29 ( reuters ) - japan ' s major polyester manufacturer , teijin ltd , said on monday it would conduct a feasibility study with u . s . energy giant enron corp on building a coal - fired power plant . teijin said in a statement that it and e power corp , a japanese affiliate of enron corp , would look into building the 70 , 000 kilowatt coal - burning thermal power plant in matsuyama , ehime prefecture , on the southwestern island of shikoku , where teijin has a polyester plant . " we are beginning to consider selling surplus power to third parties other than our own plants , with eyes on further deregulation in japan ' s power market , " a teijin spokesman said . japan is in the process of deregulating its power market . since march last year , large - lot consumers have been free to choose their suppliers . in its polyester business , teijin has expanded overseas output while reducing domestic production , a trend which would leave it with surplus power . it is thus looking at how to make good use of any surplus . the two firms were also considering expanding the capacity of teijin ' s existing power generator in matsuyama , teijin said . it hopes to reduce costs at the inefficient small plant with the help of enron . enron corp said earlier this year it had presented plans to build a liquefied natural gas ( lng ) fired power plant in northern japan , aiming to become the first foreign company to build such a power plant in japan . the teijin spokesman said the two firms hoped to conclude the feasibility study by june 2002 . teijin ' s shares ended the day down 13 yen or 2 . 68 percent at 472 yen . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section 3 once - mighty enron strains under scrutiny by alex berenson and richard a . oppel jr . 10 / 28 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 2 c . 2001 new york times company is time running out for enron ? at the beginning of this year , the enron corporation , the world ' s dominant energy trader , appeared unstoppable . the company ' s decade - long effort to persuade lawmakers to deregulate electricity markets had succeeded from california to new york . its ties to the bush administration assured that its views would be heard in washington . its sales , profits and stock were soaring . and under the leadership of jeffrey k . skilling , its chief executive , enron ' s arrogance had grown even more quickly . the company , based in houston , dripped contempt for the regulators and consumer groups that stood between it and fully deregulated markets - - for electricity , water and everything else . everyone would win under deregulation , enron said - - especially its shareholders , whose stock would soar as the company profited from creating new markets . ' ' we are on the side of angels , ' ' mr . skilling said in march , dismissing those who saw the company as a profiteer in california ' s energy crisis . ' ' people want to have open , competitive markets . they want fair competition . it ' s the american way . ' ' but less than a year later , everybody seems to have lost , especially enron ' s investors . enron ' s stock is plunging , and questions about its finances are mounting . some experts in the energy industry worry that if the crisis at the company worsens , trading in natural gas and electricity could be seriously disrupted and energy prices could grow more volatile . in a worst - case outlook , enron could become the 2001 version of long - term capital management , the huge hedge fund whose collapse roiled financial markets during the fall of 1998 . enron ' s shares have fallen more than 80 percent this year , erasing $ 50 billion in shareholder value . enron closed on friday at $ 15 . 40 , down 95 cents , after hitting a 52 - week low of $ 15 . 04 earlier in the day . the future of electricity deregulation is in doubt , thanks to blackouts and soaring power prices in california earlier this year - - a crisis that ended only when that state contradicted deregulation ' s basic tenets by intervening deeply in the power market . enron ' s efforts to become a profit - making water supplier and to create a new market in broadband communications capacity have been expensive failures . in august , mr . skilling quit , forcing kenneth l . lay , his predecessor as chief executive and still enron ' s chairman , to resume day - to - day control of the company . the company declined to make senior executives , including mr . lay , available for comment , and asked that questions be submitted in writing . mr . skilling could not be reached . enron ' s problems boiled over earlier this month , when it disclosed that its shareholders ' equity , a measure of the company ' s value , dropped by $ 1 . 2 billion in the last quarter because of a deal disclosed only very hazily in enron ' s regular financial statements . the securities and exchange commission is looking into the company ' s financial reporting , and some investors question whether enron has overstated profits at its primary business of trading electricity and natural gas . the slump in the company ' s shares accelerated after enron revealed the fall in its shareholders ' equity . on wednesday , the company forced out its chief financial officer , andrew s . fastow , who is at the center of the controversy over enron ' s confusing finances . the company , which six months ago seemed to be reaping billions of dollars from california ' s energy crisis , today faces a potential cash crunch . the surprise about shareholder equity inflamed investors ' smoldering concern about enron ' s opaque financial statements . now , with wall street analysts and bond - rating agencies demanding more information about the complex transactions that have fueled the company ' s profits , enron has been reduced to issuing news releases assuring investors that it has adequate access to cash . enron does not appear to be in immediate danger of running out of cash . on thursday , the company drew down a $ 3 . 3 billion credit line it had previously arranged with a group of banks led by citigroup and j . p . morgan chase , which have each extended at least $ 400 million . but because of enron ' s importance in the natural gas and electricity markets , industry experts say that any problem at the company could disrupt energy trading nationwide . the supply of natural gas and electricity would probably not be affected even if the company failed , because enron is mainly a trader , rather than a producer , of energy . but a crisis at the company might increase the volatility of energy prices , which have swung wildly in the last year . philip k . verleger jr . , an energy - markets economist , emphasized that he thought enron would survive this crisis . but he said it was not clear what would happen if enron ran out of cash or if traders that use the company ' s enrononline internet trading marketplace defaulted on their obligations . ' ' you suddenly have all these positions they have taken on there - - are they good ? are the firm ' s hedges good ? what ' s the situation ? ' ' mr . verleger said . ' ' it ' s got everyone scared . ' ' in the short run , enron ' s credit rating may be its biggest problem . if the company ' s rating falls below investment grade , enron could be forced to issue tens of millions of shares of stock to cover loans that it has guaranteed . but creating new shares would make the shares that already exist less valuable , because those shares would no longer represent full ownership of the company . a drop in the company ' s credit rating could also prompt other energy traders and producers to back away from doing business with enron , hurting the company ' s sales and profits . enron ' s credit rating stands several notches above the critical point . but its bonds , which are publicly traded , have fallen so low that they are now offering interest rates of almost 10 percent , comparable with many junk bonds . two of the three major credit - rating agencies , moody ' s investors service and fitch investors service , have put enron ' s bonds on review for possible downgrades . ' ' the issue that ' s in the front of everybody ' s mind right now is credit , ' ' said mark gurley , senior vice president and general manager for trading at aquila inc . , one of the nation ' s largest energy traders . aquila is based in kansas city , mo . for now , aquila and other major energy traders and producers , including reliant energy , the el paso corporation and dynegy , are continuing to do business with enron . and mr . gurley said that enron ' s own trading in the electricity and natural gas markets did not suggest the sort of frenzied selling reminiscent of the collapse of long - term capital management in 1998 . ' ' they haven ' t done anything trading - wise that gives me any indication they are closing their books down , ' ' he said . still , some executives at other companies said they were looking more carefully at transactions with enron , especially long - term contracts . they also said risk - management and credit officers were calling each other regularly to discuss the situation . mark palmer , an enron spokesman , said on friday that no energy - trading company had stopped doing business with enron . he declined to say whether any of the company ' s trading partners had suspended or altered credit terms . he said the company was continuing to see normal volumes of business . but the crisis that enron will face if its credit rating is downgraded is just a symptom of the bigger problem the company must confront . for years , the details of enron ' s finances have been a mystery even to the wall street analysts whose job it is to follow the company , and to the investors who own its stock and bonds . when enron ' s profits were soaring and it was creating lucrative new markets , shareholders did not seem to care about the impenetrability of its financial statements . now they do . yet the company seems incapable of offering straight answers to the questions investors ask . to others in the industry , the opaqueness of the company ' s financial statements parallels enron ' s efforts to keep its energy - trading business lightly regulated and free of disclosure requirements . though they do not expect enron to crumble like long - term capital management , they say that , like the giant hedge fund , enron uses a lot of debt , regulatory oversight is limited and outsiders have a difficult time figuring out its finances . the most pressing concerns are a series of partnerships and trusts enron created to move some of its assets and debt off its balance sheet . with names like marlin and osprey , the partnerships have at least $ 3 . 3 billion in bonds outstanding , backed by assets like a stake in azurix , enron ' s water company subsidiary . enron has promised that if the partnerships ' debts exceed the value of their assets , enron will issue enough new shares to make up the difference . deals with partnerships formed by mr . fastow , who was chief financial officer when they were organized , led to the $ 1 . 2 billion write - off in shareholders ' equity that enron announced last week . the company has offered only skimpy details of its transactions with those partnerships . enron ended its relationships with those partnerships in the last quarter , after being criticized by shareholders . in the process , it wrote off a promissory note that it had carried on its books , reducing its shareholders ' equity by $ 1 . 2 billion . but , because of complex accounting rules , the transaction was not apparent in enron ' s quarterly earnings report . the transaction disturbs investors because it suggests that enron may have found a way to hide losses , throwing the accuracy of its financial statements into question . when enron released third - quarter earnings on oct . 16 , it reported a loss from $ 1 billion in write - offs on failed investments . the earnings statement did not mention the additional $ 1 . 2 billion equity write - down . but the company said its core business had been solidly profitable , and its shares rose . in a conference call with analysts after the announcement , mr . lay , enron ' s chairman , also disclosed the reduction in shareholder equity . the reference was a brief one , however , and some listeners did not catch it . those analysts were angered when they found out the next day what enron had done , and many were confused by the accounting procedure . enron ' s stock began to slide , and investors clamored for more information about the write - off . but so far , the company ' s efforts to clear up the situation have further unnerved investors . mr . lay has met with investors during the last two weeks to try to explain the deals , but some on wall street say they have come away with doubts about mr . lay ' s grasp of the situation . they say that the two people at enron who appear to have been most knowledgeable about the deals - - mr . skilling and mr . fastow - - have both left the company . in an interview in late august , mr . lay said he did not know some details about the deals involving mr . fastow . in response to one question about them , he said , ' ' you ' re getting way over my head . ' ' mr . palmer of enron disputed any suggestion that mr . lay did not have a grasp of the investments at issue , saying mr . lay was handicapped in talking about them because of the s . e . c . investigation . ' ' there is not a whole lot we can say , or should say , about them , ' ' mr . palmer said . he also said the company expected to generate about $ 3 billion in cash through asset sales by the end of next year . in a conference call on tuesday , analysts pressed mr . lay and other top enron executives to reveal more information about the ljm write - down and its other partnerships . instead , they offered only vague explanations of the deal , leaving wall street worried that more write - offs might be coming . david fleischer , a goldman , sachs analyst and a longtime supporter of the company , was among those who came away concerned . ' ' if enron is unable to clarify its off - balance - sheet transactions and restore confidence in the very near term by assuring investors that no more surprises are forthcoming that would affect the balance sheet or liquidity position , then the company will likely lose access to the capital markets , ' ' he wrote in a research note after the call . to try to reassure investors , enron said late thursday that enrononline , its internet - based trading exchange , executed more than 8 , 400 trades that day , a higher - than - normal volume . ' ' we know we have our work cut out for us if we are to rebuild our credibility with the investment community - - and we ' re working on that , ' ' mr . lay said in a statement . ' ' but in the meantime , the best evidence of our strength is the willingness of customers to bring their business to enron . ' ' but those reassurances apparently are no longer enough for wall street . enron ' s stock tumbled almost 6 percent friday , to its lowest levels in six years . now analysts are scrambling to figure out the extent of enron ' s off - balance - sheet debt and to assess the risk that the company will have to issue new shares to make good on its partnership guarantees . carol coale , an analyst at prudential securities in houston , calculates that enron may have close to $ 9 billion in off - balance - sheet debt . she said that enron had for two years been trying to sell about $ 6 billion in foreign assets - - including properties in latin america and a power plant in india embroiled in a dispute with the state government - - and she worries about those prospects for sale in light of enron ' s problems and the souring economy . ' ' as enron is forced to sell assets to keep the ratings agencies off their backs , they may have to write those assets down , ' ' ms . coale said . on wednesday , she downgraded her rating on enron to ' ' sell ' ' from ' ' neutral . ' ' ' ' the bottom line is , it ' s really difficult to recommend an investment when management does not disclose the facts , ' ' ms . coale said . short - sellers , who attacked enron ' s accounting even before the company disclosed the write - off , say the company ' s problems may run even deeper than analysts fear . enron may have used the partnerships not just to finance money - losing investments but to hide losses in its core trading business , they say . ' ' the company still isn ' t disclosing enough to know whether the core business , the trading business , is profitable , ' ' said mark roberts , director of research at off wall street , which recommended shorting enron ' s stock on may 7 , when it stood at $ 59 . 43 . ' ' the issue remains : why are they doing these transactions ? our theory has been that the core operations aren ' t that profitable . ' ' james chanos , a leading short - seller who has bet that enron ' s stock will fall , said , ' ' is enron booking gains when it has real profits , but hiding the losses when deals go against it ? ' ' mr . palmer of enron said the company stood by its reported energy - trading profits . even traders at other energy companies say they do not have a clear picture of enron ' s positions . enron maintains that it is in no danger of being wiped out by a sharp move in electricity or gas prices because it keeps its trading book balanced - - meaning the energy it has agreed to sell is offset , in roughly equivalent amounts , by energy it has agreed to buy . ' ' with these guys , they tell us - - and all you ' ve got is their word - - that they ' re hedged , ' ' said mr . verleger , the economist . in fact , enron has lobbied forcefully over the years to limit regulation and disclosure of its trading operations . last year , the company successfully lobbied congress to effectively ensure that its internet - trading platform would be exempted from regulation by the commodity futures trading commission . enron and other power traders do file limited information in reports to the federal energy regulatory commission , the agency that oversees wholesale electricity and natural gas markets . but the commission does not keep track of specific transactions and prices . large - scale energy trading has existed for only about a half - dozen years . enron pioneered the business , and now dominates it , accounting for about one - quarter of all trading in the united states . before congress and federal regulators opened up the market for wholesale electricity , a process that began in earnest a decade ago , the power business was a simpler affair . utilities were given areas of monopoly service , and their rates - - and ability to deliver enough electricity - - were overseen by state regulators . but with the move to deregulate the business , independent and unregulated generators and traders have flourished , providing an ever - growing portion of the nation ' s power . beginning in the 1980 ' s , the sale and transportation of natural gas was also deregulated , spurring enron , which used to be primarily a gas - pipeline company , to move into the trading business . the company ' s shift to trading gas and electricity accelerated in the mid - 1990 ' s , with the ascension of mr . skilling , who became chief executive in february , just six months before his unexpected resignation . underscoring the change in direction , in securities filings this year enron described its principal business as ' ' security brokers , dealers and flotation . ' ' before , it had said it was in the business of ' ' wholesale - petroleum and petroleum products . ' ' for most of its ascent , enron reported outstanding profit figures and wall street accepted them with pleasure . a year ago , when it disclosed the first transactions with partnerships led by mr . fastow , the company ' s former chief financial officer , analysts who asked questions were told that the deals were routine and were being disclosed only because of mr . fastow ' s involvement . enron does not appear to face an immediate cash crunch . but the bank credit lines that it drew on last week to pay off its short - term debt will have to be renegotiated next spring . the controversial partnerships do not have to pay their debts until the following year - - unless enron loses its investment - grade credit rating before that . enron will also need to maintain its large trading positions , which could suffer if participants in those markets grow more nervous about enron ' s credit . when long - term capital was stumbling in 1998 , some wall street rivals sold the securities they thought long - term owned , trying to force long - term to sell its positions quickly and at a loss . something similar in energy markets might be possible . if so , enron might find , as long - term did , that positions that should offset each other do not . enron ' s new chief financial officer may yet persuade investors that in fact the company ' s profits are real , and that its condition is better than the short - sellers believe . as questions are answered , confidence , and the share price , could rebound . but for now , investors are skittish , and some competitors are eager to take advantage of enron ' s plight . photos : enron , which is building a new headquarters in houston , grew with deregulation . but with deregulation in doubt , enron stock has dropped . ( phillippe diederich for the new york times ) ; enron owns 65 percent of the power plant in dabhol , india , but has had trouble collecting payments . ( the new york times ) ( pg . 13 ) ; ' we know we have our work cut out for us , ' says kenneth l . lay , enron ' s chief . ( wgbh / ' ' frontline ' ' ) ( pg . 1 ) chart : ' ' enron ' s board ' ' directors have not addressed the company ' s current difficulties , a spokesman said . kenneth l . lay : 58 chairman john h . duncan : 73 former chairman of the executive committee , gulf and western industries robert a . belfer : 65 chairman , belco oil & gas charles a . lemaistre : 77 president emeritus , m . d . anderson cancer center , university of texas robert k . jaedicke : 72 professor emeritus , graduate school of business , stanford ronnie c . chan : 51 chairman , hang lung group wendy l . gramm : 56 director , mercatus center , george mason university john mendelsohn : 64 president , m . d . anderson cancer center , university of texas paulo v . ferraz pereira : 46 executive vice president , group bozano john wakeham : 68 former british secretary of state for energy norman p . blake jr . : 59 chief executive , comdisco ken l . harrison : 58 former chief executive , portland general electric ( former enron employee ) jerome j . meyer : 63 chairman , tektronix frank savage : 62 chairman , alliance capital management international john a . urquhart : 72 adviser to the chairman , enron herbert s . winokur jr . : 57 president of winokur holdings ( former enron employee ) ( pg . 13 ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones section 3 plumbing mystery of deals by enron by floyd norris 10 / 28 / 2001 the new york times page 13 , column 6 c . 2001 new york times company at the heart of the sudden collapse in investor confidence in the enron corporation are unusual trades it entered into with partnerships led by its chief financial officer , andrew s . fastow , beginning in the summer of 1999 . because they were transactions among related parties , the company was required to disclose them , but the disclosures raised as many questions as they answered . following are some questions that investors are asking , and the currently available answers . q . why did enron enter into the deals ? a . enron ' s first disclosures , in 1999 , gave no reason . in later reports , it said it was seeking to ' ' hedge certain merchant investments and other assets , ' ' by which it apparently meant investments in technology and telecommunications companies . q . how did those investments do ? a . it looks as if they plunged in value , although there is no clear disclosure on that . q . why can ' t that be discerned ? a . the company never said just what the investments were . and the transactions with the partnerships were complicated , involving a variety of derivative securities , enron stock and various promissory notes . enron ' s financial disclosures do not provide enough information to understand the arrangements completely . q . why were they so complicated ? a . one reason may have been to use accounting rules to its advantage . one accounting rule dictates that companies may not record profits or losses on transactions in their own stock . if a company sells its shares at $ 10 each and then buys them back - - whether for $ 1 or $ 50 - - there is no gain or loss . but shareholder equity does go up or down on the balance sheet - - in that case reflecting how much extra cash the company took in , or paid out , on the transactions . enron ' s transactions appear to have been structured to fall under that rule . q . who made money from these transactions ? a . enron reported some profits along the way from the deals , although not all of the profits were spelled out in its quarterly filings . and it appears that the partnerships distributed money to investors . q . if the deals began in 1999 , why all the uproar now ? a . many investors and analysts were not curious about them when everything seemed to be going well . as long as enron was exceeding its forecasted profits each quarter , they were willing to assume that what was not being disclosed was not really important . q . when were concerns raised with enron ? a . the complaints grew as enron ' s share price fell earlier this year . by this summer , enron decided that mr . fastow would sell his stake in the partnerships . then , because the partnerships would no longer be considered related to enron , the company would no longer have to disclose anything about the transactions . but investors were still worried , and enron later closed out its deals with the partnerships . q . how did enron do ? a . badly . it took a $ 35 million loss , which , given the size of the transactions involved and the previous profits taken , was not very much . but it also reduced shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion . q . how did that happen ? a . that , like so much else , is not clear . but it looks as if the partnership owed enron that much money , could not pay and was let off the hook by enron . in return , enron terminated ' ' previously recorded contractual obligations to deliver enron shares in future periods . ' ' enron treated that like a share buyback , even though the shares in question had not been issued , and determined that there was no need to treat it as a loss that would reduce reported earnings . q . is that legal under the accounting rules ? a . presumably it is . but enron ' s limited disclosures make it impossible to say for sure . enron may have discovered ways to use the accounting rules to enable it to keep losses off income statements , while leaving profits on them . that may become clearer when the securities and exchange commission , which has begun preliminary inquiries , completes its work . floyd norris copyright ? 2000 dow jones section 3 databank investors seem to ignore discouraging news by michael brick 10 / 28 / 2001 the new york times page 17 , column 3 c . 2001 new york times company investors sent stocks markedly higher last week , despite reports on the economy and corporate profits that were resoundingly poor . the dow jones industrial average , strengthened by triple - digit rallies on monday and thursday , ended the week nearly back to its level of sept . 10 , one day before the attacks on the world trade center and the pentagon . broader indicators ended slightly higher than they were on sept . 10 . investors overcame their initial discouragement about reports that orders for durable goods and sales of existing homes were deteriorating faster than expected . they also seemed unfazed by reports of corporate profits declining from a year ago , at some companies by more than 30 percent . all the bad news , investors seemed to surmise , meant that the government was more likely to act aggressively in stimulating the economy , with tax breaks , spending and lower interest rates . the dow average gained 341 . 06 , or 3 . 7 percent , to close at 9 , 545 . 17 . the nasdaq composite index rose 97 . 65 points , or 5 . 8 percent , to 1 , 768 . 96 . the standard & poor ' s 500 - stock index rose 31 . 13 , or 2 . 9 percent , to 1 , 104 . 61 . michael brick charts : ' ' stocks in the news ' ' enron nyse : ene the energy trading company ousted its chief financial officer , andrew s . fastow , whose involvement in complicated transactions with enron caught the attention of the s . e . c . friday ' s close : $ 15 . 40 week ' s change : - 40 . 88 % est . ' 01 p / e : 8 . 52 sbc communications nyse : sbc the company posted a 30 percent decline in earnings and said it would cut thousands of jobs because of the weak economy and strong competition . friday ' s close : $ 39 . 20 week ' s change : - 10 . 17 % est . ' 01 p / e : 16 . 82 walt disney nyse : dis after trimming $ 100 million from the price , disney completed its purchase of the fox family worldwide cable television operation . the deal included $ 2 . 9 billion in cash and $ 2 . 3 billion in assumed debt . friday ' s close : $ 18 . 71 week ' s change : + 1 . 19 % est . ' 01 p / e : 25 . 28 microsoft nnm : msft microsoft introduced its computer operating system , windows xp , the latest version of its flagship product . friday ' s close : $ 62 . 20 week ' s change : + 7 . 43 % est . ' 01 p / e : 33 . 88 vysis nnm : vysi the drug maker abbott laboratories has agreed to acquire vysis , a laboratory products maker , in a stock deal worth about $ 355 million . friday ' s close : $ 30 . 25 week ' s change : + 47 . 13 % est . ' 01 p / e : - - worldcom nnm : wcom the long - distance telephone company posted a 44 percent drop in its third - quarter profit and warned that sales growth in its core data and internet business would slow in the final quarter and in 2002 . friday ' s close : $ 13 . 38 week ' s change : + 1 . 59 % est . ' 01 p / e : 12 . 15 affymetrix nnm : affx affymetrix settled a patent lawsuit over dna analysis technologies with a rival , hyseq , and the companies plan to form a joint venture . friday ' s close : $ 31 . 70 week ' s change : + 72 . 66 % est . ' 01 p / e : - - overture services nnm : over the internet search service , formerly called goto . com , reported a profit in the third quarter and higher sales , as its pay - per - listing service remained popular with advertisers . friday ' s close : $ 25 . 50 week ' s change : + 32 . 88 % est . ' 01 p / e : - - ( source : bloomberg financial markets ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron asks banks for more credit after stock slide , ft reports 2001 - 10 - 28 20 : 20 ( new york ) houston , oct . 28 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , the largest energy trader , asked banks to provide further credit after tapping a $ 3 . 3 billion credit line last week to bolster investor confidence , the financial times reported , citing company sources . enron ' s stock has fallen more than 50 percent since oct . 17 when an investor sued the company for conflict of interest over transactions with affiliates run by enron ' s former chief financial officer andrew fastow . the company has been shut out of the leading market for low - interest , short - term loans since announcing oct . 16 it would take a $ 1 . 01 billion special charge and write down shareholders ' equity by another $ 1 . 2 billion , the ft said . enron spokesman mark palmer said he hoped the company would announce the new financing facility in coming days , the newspaper said . enron asks banks for additional credit - ft 10 / 28 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - enron corp . ( ene ) is attempting to persuade banks to provide additional credit , the financial times reported on its web site sunday . the company was also due to hold a special board meeting sunday to consider confidence - building measures after surprise financial disclosures damaged its reputation among u . s . investors , the financial times reported . the financial times quoted enron spokesman mark palmer as saying he hoped the company could have something to announce in coming days as a result of its latest effort to " establish additional lines of liquidity . " " once we are able to the liquidity position shored up , that will put a lot of fears of the unknown to rest , " the financial times quoted palmer as saying . copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk week in review top stories oct . 22 - 26 lockheed edges out boeing for contract abigail goldman ; joseph menn ; jesus sanchez ; jeff leeds ; chuck philips ; meg james ; nancy rivera brooks ; evelyn iritani ; james f . peltz ; myron levin ; peter pae 10 / 28 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 2 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company the vote is in . lockheed martin corp . won the coveted right to build the nation ' s next - generation fighter aircraft , beating out boeing co . for what could be the biggest military contract ever . culminating a five - year battle between two of the world ' s largest defense contractors , pentagon officials picked lockheed martin to begin development of the joint strike fighter , with plans to purchase 3 , 000 of the planes at a cost of more than $ 200 billion . with the potential for foreign sales topping another $ 200 billion , the contract is considered the most lucrative in u . s . history . " this really is the contract of the millennium , " said christopher hellman , analyst with the center for defense information . " nothing has or will come close . " peter pae ford settles lawsuit over faulty part in the largest automotive class - action settlement in history , ford motor co . will reimburse customers who paid hundreds of millions of dollars to replace a faulty part that caused their vehicles to stall . it was uncertain how many consumers would qualify for reimbursements in the range of $ 160 apiece . the settlement caps six years of litigation . plaintiffs ' lawyers said the cost to ford would be as high as $ 2 . 7 billion . myron levin amr posts record loss in quarter even though more americans are flying again , the airline industry continues to reel and its problems are expected to worsen this holiday season . amr corp . , the parent of american airlines , the world ' s largest airline , posted a record loss for the third quarter , even after getting $ 508 million in federal financial aid . although the number of passengers has kept growing each week since the sept . 11 attacks , about 20 % fewer people are flying . less than a month before the busy thanksgiving weekend , american airlines says advance bookings for november are down 6 % from a year earlier . meanwhile , the airlines are now reporting a little - noticed aspect of the government rescue package : they have to pay federal taxes on the cash grants . james f . peltz itc says imports hurt steel industry the international trade commission ruled that foreign imports pose a serious threat to the domestic steel industry , paving the way for punitive sanctions that are likely to raise steel prices and intensify trade tensions with europe and asia . the independent u . s . agency has until mid - december to provide the white house with a list of proposed remedies , which could include import quotas or hefty tariffs on foreign steel . beleaguered u . s . steelmakers applauded the decision . president bush , who instigated the itc investigation , is expected to approve the protective measures , though critics warn they could harm a weakened domestic economy and complicate efforts to launch a new round of global trade talks . evelyn iritani shares of enron plummet amid losses enron corp . ' s stock was pummeled by investors following disclosures of losses and shrinking shareholders ' equity related to failed investments and a complicated hierarchy of limited partnerships used to shelter some enron assets . the stock slide was compounded by disclosure of a securities and exchange commission inquiry into two of the partnership arrangements and by wall street worries about future cash flow and credit problems that might be caused by the investment vehicles . two conference calls with analysts and investors failed to calm nerves , and several analysts lowered their recommendations on enron . enron has reiterated that its finances are strong . and although analysts note that enron ' s core businesses remain sound , some analysts doubt that the usually taciturn company has revealed all of its problems . to mollify investors , enron replaced its chief financial officer , who until recently headed the two partnerships the sec is eyeing . nancy rivera brooks pentagon oks northrop bid for newport news northrop grumman corp . was all but assured of winning the bid to acquire newport news shipbuilding inc . as the pentagon endorsed the deal and the justice department , citing antitrust concerns , blocked a rival bid by general dynamics corp . it marked a stunning turn of events for northrop , which got the nod to acquire the virginia builder of nuclear submarines and aircraft carriers despite having been the underdog . the los angeles - based defense contractor made an unsolicited offer for newport news after the shipbuilder had inked a $ 2 . 1 - billion deal with general dynamics . separately , northrop said third - quarter earnings fell 22 % because of a large drop in pension fund investments . peter pae hollywood production jobs fall to 4 - year low skittishness following the sept . 11 terrorist attacks has exacerbated an already slow season in hollywood , pushing employment in the movie , television and film industry to a four - year low in september , state statistics show . cutbacks and delayed projects by the major studios has trickled down through the industry , leading to a spate of layoffs at small companies that provide equipment and services for the industry . meg james grammy officials urge greene settlement high - ranking officials at the grammy organization recommended a settlement of more than half a million dollars to resolve sexual assault and battery allegations against the nonprofit group ' s chief executive , c . michael greene , grammy sources said . the proposed settlement , subject to approval by the group ' s board of directors , has ignited an internal revolt , with at least a dozen of the 41 trustees privately calling for greene ' s firing , the sources said . greene declined to comment . attorneys for the grammy nonprofit group previously denied that greene assaulted or had any sexual contact with jill geimer , the grammy executive who has threatened to sue over greene ' s alleged misconduct . chuck philips emi ousts record label executive nancy berry british music conglomerate emi group sacked nancy berry , the vice chairwoman of its worldwide virgin records division . berry ' s exit came a week after the london - based record company ousted its global record chief , ken berry , who is nancy berry ' s former husband . the shake - up follows a dispiriting period for emi , including a disastrous sales debut from pop icon mariah carey , who suffered a nervous breakdown months after signing an $ 80 - million contract with the company this year . nancy berry spearheaded the elaborate marketing campaign for carey ' s album , " glitter , " which has sold fewer than 400 , 000 copies since its sept . 11 debut . jeff leeds management buyout of g & l realty approved stockholders of g & l realty corp . approved a management - led buyout of the real estate investment trust despite a higher offer by a rival group and concerns that the deal unfairly favors top executives . the company ' s co - chairmen , daniel gottlieb and steven lebowitz , plan to take the small beverly hills - based company private after a majority of shareholders backed their $ 12 - a - share offer . the management - led offer triggered a shareholder lawsuit this year that claimed g & l ' s board breached its fiduciary duty jesus sanchez internet archive turns back web pages of time the nonprofit internet archive launched its so - called wayback machine , allowing web surfers to check out most internet sites that have vanished and older versions of sites that are still around . the san francisco effort is the brainchild of brewster kahle , a millionaire technologist who wants to preserve the internet ' s ephemera for generations to come . like many internet pioneers , however , kahle faces unfamiliar risks along with the opportunities : the archive might be the most massive violation of copyright law since ownership rights over words came into being . more than 10 billion pages are available at http : / / web . archive . org . joseph menn job cuts , make - over in store for sears sears , roebuck ; photographer : associated press ; photo : sears is cutting nearly 5 , 000 jobs and launching a new strategy . ; ; photographer : associated press ; photo : the reeling airline industry is expecting its problems to worsen . ; ; photographer : agence france - presse ; graphic : dimming power , los angeles times ; copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business ralph bivins devon energy makes building its own with major lease ralph bivin staff 10 / 28 / 2001 houston chronicle 2 star 10 ( copyright 2001 ) houston is known as the " energy capital of the world . " and a glance around the downtown skyline proves the nickname is appropriate . houston skyscrapers bearing the names of enron , chevron , exxon and shell make significant contributions to the view . now another name is being added to the downtown mix , enhancing the energy capital image even further . the 36 - story two allen center has been renamed devon energy tower . devon energy has just signed a lease for 193 , 000 square feet of space , more than doubling its presence in the building , and as part of the deal , devon gets to put its name on the structure . the lease also gives oklahoma city - based devon the right to take more space in the 1 million - square - foot building , at 1212 smith st . devon recently announced its plans to acquire mitchell energy & development , but it will maintain mitchell ' s offices in the woodlands , said klay kimker , manager of office administration for devon . kevin snodgrass and tim relyea of cushman & wakefield represented devon in the transaction . paul frazier and margaret sigur negotiated the deal on behalf of trizechahn office properties , the owner of the building . trizechahn owns both the allen center and cullen center office complexes , a total of 6 million square feet of space in downtown . the trizechahn office space is nearly full right now , but enron will be vacating large amounts of space there next year when the nearby enron building is complete . teamsters to build facilities teamsters union officials are planning to build new headquarters facilities after the union sells its building on the katy freeway . to replace the katy freeway building , the union expects to build two smaller structures near bush intercontinental airport to house different chapters , said a . w . parker , secretary treasurer of local 968 . parker ' s group is expecting to build a 13 , 000 - square - foot building at ella boulevard at beltway 8 . another teamsters group has purchased 4 . 5 acres on beltway 8 at diplomatic plaza drive , in the world houston business center . the land was purchased from the licha family trust . tony patronella and marc drumwright , both of southwest realty advisors , handled the sale . chicago firm buying property a chicago real estate investment firm is on a quest to acquire suburban office buildings in houston . ml capital ventures has purchased two small office structures : the 71 , 736 - square - foot building at 5500 northwest central drive and the 66 , 338 - square - foot building at 5301 hollister . the building on northwest central drive is the headquarters of bj services energy company . mike luecht , president of ml capital , said his firm will acquire two additional houston office buildings before the end of the year . ml capital , which has been in business for eight months , will exceed luecht ' s initial plan to buy more than $ 22 million worth of suburban office space in houston in the company ' s start - up phase . luecht said his firm was bullish on two types of real estate : buying warehouses in chicago and buying office buildings in suburban houston . houston ' s economy has been adding jobs and it is a promising market that is overlooked by many investors , luecht said . many investors have been too slow to forget the devastating meltdown of houston realty market in the 1980 s , luecht said . in its most recent deal , ml ventures bought the 5500 northwest central building in partnership with avgeris & associates of chicago . tom bousquet of cb richard ellis brokered the deal . woodlands opens new section several $ 1 million home sites go up for sale this weekend as the woodlands opens a new section of its carlton woods gated community . the premium lots will be facing the new jack nicklaus signature golf course . custom lots will range in price from $ 150 , 000 to $ 1 million and range in size from one - fifth of an acre to two - and - three - fourths acres . the carlton woods community is the first gated community in the woodlands and has been well received by upper - end home buyers , said paul lazzaro , vice president of marketing for the woodlands . thirty - two homes are under construction in carlton woods and all of them are priced at more than $ 1 million . a total of 208 lots have been sold in carlton woods , which opened about a year ago . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india press : enron plans to exit lng shipping jv 10 / 28 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones dow jones newswires ; 91 - 11 - 461 - 9426 ; himendra . kumar @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c enron taps all its credit lines to buy back $ 3 . 3 billion of debt by floyd norris 10 / 27 / 2001 the new york times page 2 , column 5 c . 2001 new york times company the enron corporation , trying to reassure investors that it has ample liquidity , began to repurchase all its outstanding commercial paper yesterday , using $ 3 . 3 billion it borrowed from banks by depleting its lines of credit . an enron spokesman said that when the commercial paper repurchases are completed the company will retain more than $ 1 billion in cash . the moves did not appear to reassure investors , as enron ' s share price fell to another six - year low . shares traded as low as $ 15 . 04 yesterday , before ending the day at $ 15 . 40 , down 95 cents . the move will raise the interest expense for the company , because banks normally charge more than companies have to pay in the commercial paper market , and because its outstanding debt will rise by the additional $ 1 billion . enron ' s debt is rated investment grade . but its bonds now trade below investment grade levels , although not so low that it appears investors fear an early default . but with the bonds trading so low , it is unlikely enron will be able to sell more commercial paper . enron ' s stock has been plunging since oct . 17 , shortly after it disclosed that its third - quarter balance sheet , which has yet to be released , will show a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity as a result of complicated transactions involving partnerships formerly controlled by andrew fastow , who was the company ' s chief financial officer until he was replaced on wednesday . the stock has lost more than half its value since the earnings announcement , and the company has disclosed that the securities and exchange commission has asked questions about its accounting practices . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance international - enron ' s bond prices drop to warning levels . by robert clow , sheila mcnulty and jenny wiggins . 10 / 27 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved enron , the houston - based energy trading group , continued to pay a heavy price for its lack of financial transparency yesterday as its bond prices plummeted . investor confidence in enron has declined sharply since the company announced a $ 1 . 2 bn reduction of shareholder equity stemming from a complex off - balance sheet structure . the securities and exchange commission has also launched an informal investigation into the company ' s finances . enron ' s five - year bonds were trading yesterday at 77 cents in the dollar with a yield of 11 . 13 per cent , down from 83 cents on thursday . bond prices at these levels normally suggest that investors expect a company to file for bankruptcy . late on thursday , enron announced that it would draw on its bank lines to buy back its outstanding commercial paper after two ratings agencies put the company on negative watch . commercial paper financing , which normally has to be rolled every 90 days , is one of the first forms of financing to disappear in a crisis . " what they want to do is assure their clients and other trading partners that they are creditworthy and continue with business , " said robin west , chairman of the petroleum finance company , the industry consultants . " in a situation like this , cash is king . " enron ' s biggest immediate business risk is that its major trading counterparties , such as duke energy and reliant resources , start asking it for more collateral , increasing the cost of its everyday business . if enron were downgraded to junk , the counterparties could do just that . so far , credit rating analysts say , enron ' s core business is holding up well . but their actions over the past few days acknowledge that the company could still be severely damaged by the scandal . enron has long faced criticism of its opaque financial reporting , but its most recent problems stem from the ljm private equity fund run by andy fastow , the company ' s former chief financial officer . enron compensated its partners in this complex off - balance sheet structure by promising to give them enron shares , if the value of private equity investments in the new power company , technology and other things fell below a certain level . those investments fell $ 1 . 2 bn in value from the threshold level , which should have triggered the issue of 62 m shares if the deal had not been reversed . the complex deal was designed to make sure enron did not experience the same balance sheet volatility that jp morgan chase and others have suffered from marking their private equity investments to market . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . shorts - enron bond prices under pressure . 10 / 27 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved enron , the houston - based energy trading giant , continued to pay the price for financial opacity as its stock slumped to its lowest level since 1995 and its five - year bonds traded at 77 cents in the dollar with a yield of 11 . 13 per cent , down from 83 cents on thursday . bond prices at these levels normally suggest that investors expect a company to file for bankruptcy . page 10 . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones stock slides 10 / 27 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - after enron corp . tapped into more than $ 3 billion in credit in an effort to boost confidence of investors and customers , stock prices dropped . enron corp . ' s stock price hit its lowest point in more than five years friday . shares fell 95 cents on friday to $ 15 . 40 , a level not seen since 1995 , as analysts continued to muddle through a complicated series of bookkeeping issues revealed after the company ' s earnings announcement earlier this month . the stock is down more than 50 percent in two weeks , and the company lost almost $ 14 billion in market value . late this week the company decided to convert $ 3 billion in revolving credit it has through various banks into cash . the company put about $ 1 . 1 billion in the bank in an effort to reassure business partners and investors of its liquidity and is using the $ 2 . 2 billion balance to begin an orderly repurchase of a certain kind of short - term corporate iou known as commercial paper . " nothing spells confidence quite like cash , which is what we want investors to understand , " said enron spokesman mark palmer of the $ 1 . 1 billion banked this week . palmer could neither confirm nor deny that the company is negotiating further lines of credit with banks but described such actions as " good management decisions . " on oct . 16 enron ' s third - quarter earnings release drew renewed attention to an issue investors and analysts had previously been unhappy about : then - chief financial officer andrew fastow , with the enron board ' s approval , had formed and run two investment partnerships that could have created a conflict of interest . the partnerships , ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment , did complex financing and hedging deals with enron . fastow had resigned from his roles in the partnerships months ago when wall street began to question whether he could watch out for the interests of enron ' s shareholders and the investment partnership simultaneously . but last week when the company reported a $ 35 million loss related to ending its ljm ties as well as a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity , new questions began to arise . the securities and exchange commission ' s division of enforcement launched an informal inquiry into the partnerships , and earlier this week fastow was put on a leave of absence . reducing the company ' s debt exposure through commercial paper and putting it back into more traditional financial tools , like a revolving line of credit , could give great peace of mind to enron ' s investors , said anatol feygin , an analyst with j . p . morgan . " it helps them shore up their support behind their energy trading business , which is really the core of their operations , " feygin told the houston chronicle for saturday ' s editions . carol coale , an analyst with prudential securities , still sees the move as somewhat confusing . " just last week they were touting their unused lines of credit as a plus , but the fact that they tapped those now sends a strange , mixed message , " she said . " do they need the cash to keep the rating agencies off their back ? is it a gesture for customers ? it first struck me as another one of these strangely timed actions on the part of management . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk enron decline continues bloomberg news 10 / 27 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 2 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company houston - - enron corp . bonds and shares fell after the largest energy trader tapped a $ 3 - billion credit line because it has been shut out of the leading market for low - interest , short - term loans . the company ' s stock has fallen 54 % in the last 14 days after investors questioned its transactions with affiliates run by enron ' s former chief financial officer . the shares fell 95 cents , or 5 . 8 % , to $ 15 . 40 on the new york stock exchange . investors said chief executive kenneth lay has failed to reassure them that the company ' s credit rating won ' t be cut . enron can no longer borrow in commercial paper markets , where short - term loans carry lower rates than banks offer . " do they have the financial flexibility they once had ? no , " said john cassady , who helps manage $ 3 billion in bonds at fifth third bancorp . " people are questioning the credibility of management . " the company will use its credit line to pay off $ 2 . 2 billion in commercial paper it has outstanding , enron spokesman mark palmer said . the price of enron ' s 6 . 75 % bonds , which mature in 2009 , declined 11 / 2 points to a bid of 84 cents on the dollar and an offer of 86 cents . at that price , the bonds , which carry a rating of bbb + , yield 9 . 53 % . investors have grown concerned that the firm ' s credit rating will be cut after $ 1 . 01 billion in third - quarter losses from failed investments . enron needs good credit to raise cash daily to keep trading partners from demanding collateral and to settle transactions . enron ' s decision to tap its credit line was " a smart financial move , " said stephen moore of moody ' s investors service . " it took away the hassle and time - consuming nature of rolling commercial paper and insured access to capital . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones stock slides / company says cash will boost confidence tom fowler staff 10 / 27 / 2001 houston chronicle 3 star 1 ( copyright 2001 ) enron corp . ' s stock price hit its lowest point in more than five years friday after it tapped into more than $ 3 billion in revolving credit in an effort to re - assure investors and customers . shares fell 95 cents on friday to $ 15 . 40 , a level not seen since 1995 , as analysts continued to muddle through a complicated series of bookkeeping issues revealed after the company ' s earnings announcement earlier this month . the stock is down more than 50 percent in two weeks , and the company lost almost $ 14 billion in market value . late this week the company decided to convert $ 3 billion in revolving credit it has through various banks into cash . the company put about $ 1 . 1 billion in the bank in an effort to reassure business partners and investors of its liquidity and is using the $ 2 . 2 billion balance to begin an orderly repurchase of a certain kind of short - term corporate iou known as commercial paper . " nothing spells confidence quite like cash , which is what we want investors to understand , " said enron spokesman mark palmer of the $ 1 . 1 billion banked this week . palmer could neither confirm nor deny that the company is negotiating further lines of credit with banks but described such actions as " good management decisions . " enron ' s most recent woes began oct . 16 when its third - quarter earnings release drew renewed attention to an issue investors and analysts had previously been unhappy about : then - chief financial officer andrew fastow , with the enron board ' s approval , had formed and run two investment partnerships that could have created a conflict of interest . the partnerships , ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment , did complex financing and hedging deals with enron and were formed originally as a way to offset risks associated with some of the company ' s newer businesses such as broadband trading . fastow had resigned from his roles in the partnerships months ago when wall street began to question whether he could watch out for the interests of enron ' s shareholders and the investment partnership simultaneously . but last week when the company reported a $ 35 million loss related to ending its ljm ties as well as a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity , new questions began to arise . the securities and exchange commission ' s division of enforcement launched an informal inquiry into the partnerships , and earlier this week fastow was put on a leave of absence . now enron will begin repurchasing its commercial paper . this is a way for companies to raise money over a short period at rates that are usually slightly better than what banks offer , and often with more flexible terms . " to some extent , redeeming the commercial paper is at the expense of the capital markets , which look at it negatively , " said anatol feygin , an analyst with j . p . morgan . but reducing the company ' s debt exposure through commercial paper and putting it back into more traditional financial tools , like a revolving line of credit , could give great peace of mind to enron ' s investors , he said . " it helps them shore up their support behind their energy trading business , which is really the core of their operations , " feygin said . carol coale , an analyst with prudential securities , still sees the move as somewhat confusing . " just last week they were touting their unused lines of credit as a plus , but the fact that they tapped those now sends a strange , mixed message , " she said . " do they need the cash to keep the rating agencies off their back ? is it a gesture for customers ? it first struck me as another one of these strangely timed actions on the part of management . " jeff dietert , an analyst at simmons & co . , said enron management needs to continue to make clear the issues that have investors confused and concerned . in a worst - case scenario , investor fears could create a vicious cycle that continues to drive the stock down , which would force bond rating agencies to consider downgrades of enron . that could lead to lower credit ratings , which would force enron ' s energy trading partners to limit their exposure to the company and cut back on business with it . " thus , we see a big incentive for enron to clarify the issues , " dietert wrote in a report friday . " our gut feel is that enron can pull it off . " feygin said he also believes the company will continue to do better in revealing its financial dealings but thinks there may be more surprises in store . for example , a wall street journal article friday discussed for the first time another business entity with ties to enron known as chewco . it was formed in 1997 with about $ 400 million in financial backing to buy interests in unnamed enron assets . chewco was run by michael kopper , a managing director of enron ' s global equity markets group . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business enron says microsoft breached contract staff 10 / 27 / 2001 houston chronicle 3 star 2 ( copyright 2001 ) enron corp . filed suit against microsoft corp . in state district court in houston this week , claiming the software giant breached a contract over a new high - speed internet service . the companies entered into an agreement last june in which enron would provide internet bandwidth to microsoft as it rolled out its msn broadband service . enron ' s broadband network would link msn customers in over two dozen states , including texas . qwest communications is providing the internet infrastructure in 14 other states for msn . on oct . 23 , microsoft said that enron would have breached the contract if it didn ' t provide an operational bandwidth system by oct . 25 , according to bloomberg news . in the lawsuit , enron claims microsoft failed to deliver the ordering and billing system it needed to deliver its end of the project ' s first phase . the lawsuit appears to be blocking the launch of the msn service in all but the 14 states served by qwest . enron officials declined to comment . a microsoft spokesman said the company had not reviewed the filing but was " confident that we have upheld our agreement with enron . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones section a journal how to lose a war by frank rich 10 / 27 / 2001 the new york times page 19 , column 2 c . 2001 new york times company welcome back to sept . 10 . the ' ' america strikes back ' ' optimism that surged after sept . 11 has now been stricken by the multitude of ways we ' re losing the war at home . the f . b . i . has proved more effective in waging turf battles against rudy giuliani than waging war on terrorism . of the more than 900 suspects arrested , exactly zero have been criminally charged in the world trade center attack ( though one has died of natural causes , we ' re told , in a new jersey jail cell ) . the bush team didn ' t fully recognize that a second attack on america had begun until more than a week after the first casualty . the most highly trumpeted breakthrough in the hunt for anthrax terrorists - - tom ridge ' s announcement that ' ' the site where the letters were mailed ' ' had been found in new jersey - - proved a dead end . and now the president is posing with elementary - school children again . given that this is the administration that was touted as being run with c . e . o . clockwork , perhaps it should be added to the growing list of things that have changed forever since sept . 11 . but let ' s not be so hasty . not everything changes that fast - - least of all washington . the white house ' s home - front failures are not sudden , unpredictable products of wartime confusion but direct products of an ethos that has been in place since jan . 20 . this is an administration that will let its special interests - - particularly its high - rolling campaign contributors and its noisiest theocrats of the right - - have veto power over public safety , public health and economic prudence in war , it turns out , no less than in peacetime . when anthrax struck , the administration ' s first impulse was not to secure as much cipro as speedily as possible to protect americans , but to protect the right of pharmaceutical companies to profiteer . the white house ' s faith in tax cuts as a panacea for all national ills has led to such absurdities as this week ' s house ' ' stimulus ' ' package showering $ 254 million on enron , the reeling houston energy company ( now under s . e . c . investigation ) that has served as a bush campaign cash machine . airport security , which has been enhanced by at best cosmetic tweaks since sept . 11 , is also held hostage by campaign cash : as salon has reported , servicemaster , a supplier of the low - wage employees who ineptly man the gates , is another g . o . p . donor . not that republicans stand alone in putting fat cats first . in a display of bipartisanship , democrats - - lobbied by linda hall daschle , the senate majority leader ' s wife - - joined the administration in handing the airlines a $ 15 billion bailout that enforces no reduction in the salaries of the industry ' s c . e . o . ' s even as they lay off tens of thousands of their employees . to see how the religious right has exerted its own distortions on homeland security , you also have to consider an administration pattern that goes back to its creation - - and one that explains the recent trials of poor tom ridge . mr . ridge is by all accounts a capable leader - - a successful governor of a large state ( pennsylvania ) who won the bronze star for heroism in vietnam . a close friend of george w . bush , he should have been in the administration from the get - go , and was widely rumored to be a candidate for various jobs , including the vice presidency . but after being pilloried by the right because he supports abortion rights , he got zilch . instead of mr . ridge , the administration signed on the pro - life john ashcroft and tommy thompson - - who have brought us where we are today . the farcical failures of these two cabinet secretaries are not merely those of public relations - - though mr . thompson often comes across as a chamber of commerce glad - hander who doesn ' t know his pants are on fire , and mr . ashcroft often shakes as if he ' s not just seen great caesar ' s ghost but perhaps john mitchell ' s as well . both have a history of letting politics override public policy that dates to the start of the administration . they ' ve seen no reason to reverse their partisan priorities even at a time when the patriotic duty of effectively fighting terror should be their no . 1 concern . pre - sept . 11 , mr . thompson , in defiance of science , heartily lent his credibility to the bush administration ' s stem cell ' ' compromise ' ' by going along with its overstatement of the viability and diversity of the stem cell lines it would deliver to researchers . post - sept . 11 , he destroyed his credibility by understating the severity of the anthrax threat , also in defiance of science . now he maintains that the $ 1 . 5 billion the administration is requesting to plug the many holes in our public health system - - almost all of it earmarked for stockpiling pharmaceuticals , not shoring up local hospitals - - is adequate for fighting bioterrorism . this , too , is in defiance of all expert estimates , including that of the one physician in the senate , the republican bill frist . it should also be on mr . thompson ' s conscience that for the first two weeks of the anthrax crisis he kept the federal government ' s house physician - - david satcher , the surgeon general and a much - needed honest broker of public health - - locked away , presumably because dr . satcher , a clinton appointee , became persona non grata in the bush administration for issuing a june report on teenage sexuality that angered the religious right . only after mr . ridge arrived on the scene was the surgeon general liberated from the gulag . as for mr . ashcroft , he has gone so far as to turn away firsthand information about domestic terrorism for political reasons . planned parenthood , which has been on the front lines of anthrax scares for years and has by grim necessity marshaled the medical and security expertise to combat them , has sought a meeting with the attorney general since he took office but has never been granted one . this was true not only before sept . 11 but , says ann glazier , planned parenthood ' s director of security , remains true - - even though her organization , long targeted by such home - grown talibans as the army of god , has a decade ' s worth of leads on ' ' the convergence of international and domestic terrorism . ' ' ms . glazier found the sight of mr . ashcroft and other federal keystone kops offering a $ 1 million reward for anthrax terrorists a laughable indication of how little grasp they have of the enemy . ' ' religious extremists don ' t respond to money , ' ' she points out . such is the state of the f . b . i . , she adds , that one agent told a clinic to hold onto a suspect letter for a couple of days ' ' because we have so many here we ' re afraid we ' re going to lose it ' ' ( perhaps among the timothy mcveigh documents ) . if either the attorney general or the secretary of health and human services inspired anything like the confidence that , say , mayor giuliani does , there wouldn ' t have been a need to draft mr . ridge . even so , he ' s mainly a p . r . gimmick - - a man who should have been in the administration in the first place reduced to serving as a fig leaf for lightweights . as director of homeland security , he ' s allegedly charged with supervising nearly 50 government agencies - - so far with roughly a dozen staff members . when asked to define mr . ridge ' s responsibilities , ari fleischer said on wednesday that it was ' ' a very busy coordination job , ' ' but so far mr . ridge is mainly sowing still more confusion . the one specific duty that he has claimed - - in an interview with tom brokaw - - was that he ' d be the one ' ' making the phone call ' ' to the president to shoot down any commercial airliner turned into a flying bomb by hijackers . that presumably comes as news to donald rumsfeld , who made no provision for any homeland security czar in the air force chain of command he publicly codified days after mr . ridge ' s appointment . since the administration tightly metes out the news from afghanistan , we can only hope that the war there is being executed more effectively than the war here - - even as mr . rumsfeld and his generals now tell us that the taliban , once expected to implode in days , are proving viet - cong - like in their intractability . the wall street journal also reported this week that ' ' instead of a thankful afghan population , popular support for the taliban appears to be solidifying and anger with the u . s . growing . ' ' maybe we ' re losing that battle for afghan hearts and minds in part because the bush state department appointee in charge of the propaganda effort is a c . e . o . ( from madison avenue ) chosen not for her expertise in policy or politics but for her salesmanship on behalf of domestic products like head & shoulders shampoo . if we can ' t effectively fight anthrax , i guess it ' s reassuring to know we can always win the war on dandruff . drawing copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . city - enron directors cash in shares . by simon english . 10 / 27 / 2001 the daily telegraph p 31 ( c ) telegraph group limited , london , 2001 leading executives at enron , the troubled us energy giant , cashed in shares worth more than $ 100 m ( # 70 m ) this year in the run - up to a financial crunch that has left the company ' s credibility in ruins . research by thomson financial shows that kenneth lay , chief executive , sold about 400 , 000 shares this year , netting him more than $ 25 m . he still held 2 . 8 m shares until july . other executives made similar sales , a revelation likely to anger investors who have seen the shares fall from $ 83 at the start of the year to $ 45 by july . they halved again this week and fell to below $ 16 yesterday . enron declined to comment on the share sales . mr lay said in a statement that he is seeking to " dispel uncertainty in the financial community " by drawing on lines of credit to restore faith in enron ' s financial strength . enron will pay off debts of $ 2 . 2 billion and keep another $ 800 , 000 in cash . he said : " we know we have our work cut out for us if we are to rebuild our credibility with the investment community . " the company is facing an inquiry by the securities & exchange commission into partnerships managed by andrew fastow , former chief financial officer . mr fastow was ousted on wednesday night as part of the company ' s moves to restore confidence , though enron insists he has done nothing wrong . enron lost $ 1 billion in the third quarter on what it has called " failed investments " . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india : lenders to meet over enron ' s dabhol on nov 3 . 10 / 27 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . bombay , oct 27 ( reuters ) - lenders to power plant in india majority owned by enron corp have called a meeting next week in london to discuss ways of reviving the beleaguered project , a banking source said on saturday . they will examine offers that two indian companies have put forward for buying the u . s . energy giant ' s 65 percent stake , and those of two other u . s . firms , in dabhol power company ( dpc ) , which is building the controversial project , the source told reuters . the meeting of lenders , who include multinational banks such as citibank and bank of america , will be held on november 3 , the source added . at stake is not just the fate of the $ 2 . 9 billion , 2 , 184 mw project , which is india ' s largest foreign direct investment , but also the over $ 600 million investment of enron , general electric co and bechtel . all three companies are founders of dpc , which in 1995 got permission from india ' s maharashtra state government to set up the plant on its coast . the plant ' s first phase of 740 mw was completed in 1999 , but work on the second phase of 1 , 444 mw , which is 97 percent complete , was abruptly stopped in june this year following a blazing row with cash - strapped state utility mseb . mseb , which agreed in 1995 to take the plant ' s entire output , said it can no longer do so because dabhol ' s power is too costly . dabhol , in turn , accused mseb of defaulting on its monthly payments and served a preliminary notice to terminate the power purchase contract . under this notice , both companies are given six months time to settle the matter through negotiations . if talks fail , dabhol has the right to issue a final termination notice and take the matter to arbitration in london . that six month period expires on november 19 . houston - based enron , which owns 65 percent of dabhol , further announced that it intends to exit the project and offered to sell its equity to the indian government . time running out the business standard newspaper reported that next week ' s meeting would also discuss a request by dabhol to finally terminate the contract after november 19 . " it is one of the items on the agenda , " the paper quoted a senior banker as saying . the paper said once dabhol serves the final notice , the matter proceeds to arbitration , which would not help india . " the widespread view among the government and lenders is that in such a situation dpc will win hands down , " the paper added . a dabhol spokesman could not be contacted immediately . the source said the meeting would review the progress made in resolving the dispute so far . the indian government has not responded to enron ' s offer to buy its equity , but two indian companies , bses ltd and tata power ltd , have shown interest . they have agreed to take over the project if the cost is reduced , and if the founders agree to sell their stake at a discount . local business daily , the economic times reported on friday that tata power and bses are willing to pay the founders $ 450 - $ 600 million for the 85 percent stake held by enron , ge and bechtel . enron has rejected the offer and is not ready to settle for anything less than $ 1 billion , the paper added . officials of tata power and bses were not immediately available for comment . ( $ 1  48 . 00 indian rupees ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones move could block high - speed service the associated press , bloomberg news 10 / 27 / 2001 the seattle times fourth e 4 ( copyright 2001 ) houston - - enron has sued microsoft , alleging it breached a contract for broadband services , in a move that could temporarily block the largest software company ' s msn high - speed internet service in some u . s . regions . microsoft said the dispute temporarily blocks the company from providing the high - speed service in areas where enron provides broadband access , leaving msn fully operational only in the 14 states - - including washington - - where qwest communications international operates , said bob visse , director of marketing for msn . enron ' s lawsuit was filed thursday , the same day microsoft had planned to offer fast internet access in 45 cities to give it access to potential customers in 29 million homes . microsoft , the no . 2 u . s . internet provider , is making a push to win customers from aol time warner . " we are trying to resolve the issues with enron , as quickly as possible and at the same time we are evaluating other providers , " visse said . enron spokeswoman karen denne declined to comment on the lawsuit , citing company policy on pending litigation . enron , based in houston , is the largest energy trader . enron in june signed an agreement with microsoft to provide bandwidth for msn internet service . under the agreement , enron isn ' t required to deliver operational broadband services if microsoft hasn ' t first provided a billing and ordering system , dow jones news wire reported . enron claims in its lawsuit that microsoft failed to deliver the ordering and billing system required in the initial phase of the deal , dow reported . alternative browser - users denied microsoft entry new york - - microsoft ' s premier web portal , msn . com , denied entry to millions of people who use alternative browser software such as opera and told them to get microsoft ' s products instead . the decision led to complaints from the small but loyal opera community that microsoft was abusing its status as the internet ' s browser leader . microsoft later backed off and said yesterday that it would support the other browsers after all . browser products affected by the shutout , which was triggered by a face - lift of the msn . com web site , included opera , mozilla and amaya , said kevin reichard , editorial manager for internet . com ' s browserwatch site . mike pettit , president of procomp , an anti - microsoft group , urged state and federal investigators to look into the matter as part of its lawsuit accusing microsoft of anti - competitive practices . - - the associated press microsoftsf to shut down ; sony will run retail store san francisco - - sony will take over a retail store it manages with microsoft next month , when the biggest software maker ' s xbox goes up against sony ' s playstation 2 in a contest for control of the $ 20 billion video - game market , a sony spokeswoman said . the two companies agreed to shut down microsoftsf , a retail outlet in sony ' s san francisco metreon entertainment complex . it will be replaced with a digital solutions electronics store run by sony on thursday , metreon spokeswoman kirsten maynard said . in april 1998 , the companies said they would open the store that displays and sells microsoft products alongside sony electronics that run the software . in march 2000 , microsoft announced the xbox , a game console with an advanced - graphics chip that goes on sale nov . 15 . " a lot has changed with both companies , " maynard said . " it sort of became not - a - fit anymore . " sony metreon won ' t carry the xbox or game cube , a new video console from nintendo that goes on sale nov . 19 , she said . officials at microsoft couldn ' t be reached for comment on the shutdown . - - bloomberg news copyright [ copyright ] seattle times company , all rights reserved . you must get permission before you reproduce any part of this material . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 23 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012312 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: city wives for a night goodbye banshee submitted kinesicanonymous gegenschein azerbaijanbase frugal canneryeternity subjunctive moneytrillionth brandon louisvilleaccordion cranny visaanswer bustle constructiblecalvinist catherine halemaidenhair 
2	Subject: take online surveys for cash  
2	Subject: notice ! ! all the mail boxes were re - done over the weekend . each has a label holder that will make it easier to move if someone leaves or someone new comes on board . management asks that you not put any stickers , emblems , colored dots or anything else to recognize your mail box . if any box has to be changed next week , then they have to be scraped off . from the front , outside fax center , market services starts alphabetically from the left to right on top row of the curve . the alphabet continues to bottom row of curve from right to left . hot tap is at the end . for marketers , alphabetically starts at door into fax center and continues from left to right into the bottom row of curve . naturally , from inside fax center , alphabet starts with a ' s to the right and continues around . thanks and if you have any problems with any of this , please let me know . alma g . 
2	Subject: hiv viruses ? check this site out . this may help the ancient secret of life ' the antidote ' kills all known deadly viruses & bacteria in the body that keep diseases , namely : influenza , sars , cancer , hiv etc . etc . active . a disease must be made dormant to stop infection . ' the antidote ' is the answer . free shipping & 30 - day money back guarantee we are the only company in the world who have developed and enhanced this product for sale . click here for more info secondhand bamboo ganglion dr quotation buckaroo accusative dixieland bred arise nostalgia anaheim crawlspace tess embryonic bellicose dementia boogie hester catharsis isaac horseplay contemptuous brindle embryonic reptile springtail tasteful burch fuselage timothy bayou authentic smoothbore grimm jenkins kimono pretension broaden schuylkill carib wealth dolly installation octavia attrition carboxy office plod quebec volterra timetable squatting aftermath patrolman cordon activism utopian charley stickleback pinhole microfiche horsefly carboloy comprise supervene floyd ablution subjectivity wolves eyesore passport cue drown digram levity parkland baldpate olaf trite peppery appalachia logic ceremony ember revisal rainy devolution drippy iran leavenworth feature barnard neanderthal drumlin augustus thunderbird wireman cache by cartographic bacon mckesson anthracite bowstring nickel bois snark ave labradorite crate berkowitz pathway curvaceous obsequy compton helix polyhymnia carbone meier abram afterward abusable brawl cryptanalyst inconsistent pentagram chorus extravaganza hemingway bookbind catholic agribusiness buddha jock alberich bribery ante pirouette pliny  
2	Subject: gtv weekly status update please see below for the weekly project status update of gtv and the attached file for the updated project timeline . changes are underlined . gtv status meeting attendees : thu dang , nayan dattani , bill fortney , jeff gossett , george grant , brad jones , jay krish , russ severson , michael swaim , zhiyong wei , jeremy wong . accomplishments : ? gtv 2 phase 1 items o released to production . ? saving different views in tds : o released to production . ? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 , on hold since 7 / 9 / 01 ) : o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed . ? option grid ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? basis options ( phase 2 ) : o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg . o development of loading correlation curves has been completed . o changes to the translator have been completed . o development of portcalc valuation of basis spread options completed . ? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) : o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed . o changes to the translator have been completed . ? add more information to the drill - down deal details . o released to production . ? new flexible deal viewer . o database schema design completed . o initial load of active deals from sitara completed . o tibco work completed . o units of measure conversions completed . o update of active deals from sitara completed . o development of query engine completed . o development of delphi feed to excel completed . o schema mapping completed . o initial loading of active deals from tagg completed . o 3 new requests ( from last wednesday ' s demo ) for update server completed . o complete development of excel vb . o complete remaining new request for update server ( sic codes ) . o complete development of update of active deals from tagg . plans for the week ending 09 / 28 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase ii issues . o complete option reports ( pl reports ) . o continue development of portcalc to value transport deals . o continue testing of basis options . ? new flexible deal viewer . o resume user acceptance testing . ? project timeline estimate of implementing tds for calgary office . ? investigate ways of improving eol bridging to sitara and tagg for term physical deals . ? discuss with jeff gossett about possible new requirements for option reports . ? start development of screening volume feedback in tds deal ticker . issues : ? none . notes ? user acceptance test of new flexible deal viewer has been temporarily at halt and will possibly resume soon . ? calgary still needs to test y - calc . ? tagg / erms test database has been down due to some technical issues after oracle 8 i migration , which affects testing . ? the recent computer virus attack had some negative impact on our development . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: additional information - dallas ase february 12 - 13 th by now , you should all have your travel plans finalized . please help us in planning by providing your itinerary including flights and arrival / departure times to marvia jefferson if you haven ' t already done so . we need this by tomorrow morning if possible , so we can finalize all plans for meals and transportation . please review the attached document for additional details on the ase event including hotel , transportation , and schedule . changes from the previous communication have been highlighted in blue . in addition , here are driving directions to and from various places should you require them . should you have any further questions , please feel free to call either myself at x 3 - 6079 or marvia at x 3 - 9165 . see you in dallas ! 
2	Subject: hello how old can you really be to have fun ? _ right in your area _ lonely hoyse wlves http : / / gemstongs . official . ws / remove from further notice : http : / / www . official . ws / rrondolf / sig :  
2	Subject: adobe 75 % off ! ! table align  center width  100 % trtd align  centertable border  1 cellpadding  4 trtd colspan  2 align  center bgcolor  # coc 0 fffont face  arialba href  http : / / getitbest . info / index . php ? s  7555 windows xpbrprofessional / a / b / tdtrtd align  center rowspan  3 a href  http : / / getitbest . info / index . php ? s  7555 img src  http : / / thm - brlr 2 . search . vip . scd . yahoo . com / image / 22592000 / a / tdtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialretail : b $ 200 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # ffaoa 0 font face  arialour price : b $ 80 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialyou save : b $ 120 / b / td / tr / table / tdtd align  centertable border  1 cellpadding  4 trtd colspan  2 align  center bgcolor  # coc 0 fffont face  arialba href  http : / / getitbest . info / index . php ? s  7555 microsoft office brxp professional / a / b / tdtrtd align  center rowspan  3 a href  http : / / getitbest . info / index . php ? s  7555 img align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialretail : b $ 300 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # ffaoa 0 font face  arialour price : b $ 120 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialyou save : b $ 180 / b / td / tr / table / tr / td / tablebrtable align  centertrtdfont face  ariallisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 80 % / font on a href  http : / / getitbest . info / index . php ? s  7555 macromedia studio mx 2004 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 40 % / font on a href  http : / / getitbest . info / index . php ? s  7555 norton antivirus / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 82 % / font on a href  http : / / getitbest . info / index . php ? s  7555 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 60 % / font on a href  http : / / getitbest . info / index . php ? s  7555 microsoft office 2003 professional / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 40 % / font on a href  http : / / getitbest . info / index . php ? s  7555 microsoft money 2004 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 80 % / font on a href  http : / / getitbest . info / index . php ? s  7555 adobe photoshop cs / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 60 % / font on a href  http : / / getitbest . info / index . php ? s  7555 microsoft windows 2000 professional / alimany , many more incredible software deals ! ! / td / tr / tablebrbrfont size  5 face  arialcenterclick a href  http : / / getitbest . info / index . php ? s  7555 here / a for more details ! 3 : http : / / theyknowit . info / soft / chair . php brbrbrbrbr applel bulletcuddles masterl front 242 whitney maydaypacker graphic jeff guido promethe frederic spain kramer dickhead sasha moneylsmiths roxy eugene river abcdef userl septembe cobrayomama planet promethe hanson bootstheking xxxx depeche canced bridge mishka  
2	Subject: hpl noms . for jan . 20 - 22 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplnol 20 . xls ) - hplnol 20 . xls 
2	Subject: enron mid - year 2000 performance management process enron ' s mid - year 2000 performance management process has begun . during this process , you will be required to select suggested reviewers who can provide performance related feedback on you and you may also be requested to provide feedback on fellow employees . you will need to do this by accessing the performance management system ( pep ) at http : / / pep . enron . com . any questions should be directed to the pep help desk at the following numbers : in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4 in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4 in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only ) or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com to log on to pep , enter your user id and password provided below . once you have logged on , you will be immediately prompted to change to a secure password . your user id & password are : user id : jfarmerl 947 password : welcome 
2	Subject: revised 2002 plan for public relations here is the revised plan . eric 
2	Subject: re [ 7 ] : discussion with their pills sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est yof arm inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms  
2	Subject: http : / / www . brazilianfightwear . com hello , i have visited www . brazilianfightwear . com and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: allegheny update louise , we got comments back from allegheny . we are in general agreement - this will require some tweaking over the weekend . conf call scheduled for saturday . dan gordon just commented that " looks like we are getting done " . plan : sign monday which gives us the five business days to pull it together . crisis averted for now . have a good weekend . talk with you monday . regards , chris 
2	Subject: john sherriff ' s copper position ted , bjorn , any info about this position ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 07 / 26 / 2000 08 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . - europe from : anjam ahmad 07 / 26 / 2000 03 : 55 am to : esther gerratt / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , andreas . barschkis @ mgusa . com @ enron , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect subject : john sherriff ' s copper position hi esther , i just talked to john sherriff about his " enron " copper position . i suspect that this is not currently being captured within the mg mercur position database - he would like to have that included in the var spreadsheet and shown as a separate line . do you have any information regarding this deal ( i . e . position sizes , qualities etc . ) or be able to direct me to someone who may be able to assist in getting this information ? thanks , anjam x 35383 
2	Subject: buy vicodin online - next day shipping , discreet viet vernon backstitch baritone pomposity workmaverick viola balm premise ayers await viking pomade matson barbital masturbate kiev baseplate marine lapel wakerobin vicar portrayal wingmen pollux mauricio kneecap ballfield workpiece maybe pounce baptistery babylonian visitor potentiometer wingtip preface mate willard preparatory pouch label porcupine known via ballroom praseodymium matchbook victorious barrier basalt vicissitude kiwi vortices worcester violet pow potpourri polyploidy mayor vindicate balinese knapp lapelled bash vie wadsworth virtuous azimuth kyoto bandgap 
2	Subject: garden ornaments | ppu our delightful garden ornaments combine the finest craftsmanship in woodworking with the lastest technology in paints and hardware : we are the world ' s biggest whirligig maker . sincerely , studio t . inc . , usa the home of heller whirligigs remove : e - mail based commercial communication avoids unnecessary spending on catalogs and paper , and helps to preserve valuable natural resources such as forests and oil . we do not wish to share our valuable information about whirligigs with those who are not interested . should you not wish to receive information from us in the future , please click on the following removal link : even though our database cleansing might be subject to delay or error , we will remove your e - mail address permanently from our database . however , please realize that removal from our database does not guarantee that your e - mail address will be deleted from the many other e - mail marketers who construct databases themselves by harvesting from web sites , or by buying any of the thousands of lists of e - mail addresses that are openly for sale on the internet . . . .  
2	Subject: organizational announcement : industrial origination , ctg , and ena treasury effective immediately , ray bowen will take over leadership of the industrial origination group responsible for enron north america  , s origination activities in the industrial market including pulp & paper , metals , refining , and petrochemicals . as part of the industrial origination group , jim ajello , will continue to lead the origination effort in the metals , refining , and petrochemical sector . edward ondarza maintains oversight of origination in the pulp and paper sectors . rodney malcolm retains primary responsibility for leading the execution of transactions and delivery of the outsource solutions to industrial customers . when the commercial transactions group was created approximately a year ago , the objective was to create an internal emphasis on the development of transaction execution skills that are necessary to execute complex , structured transactions and to foster better deal quality . we believe that the primary objectives of the ctg have been achieved , and in order to better position the organization for the remainder of 2000 and in response to ray bowen  , s new position , the following changes will be made in the commercial transactions group organization . transaction development : transaction development , which was created to provide focused deal execution capability to the origination groups , will be merged into each respective origination group and report solely to the group leaders . portfolio management : all activities surrounding portfolio investments will report to jeff donahue . jeff will be responsible for ena  , s  & capital book  8 and will have a high level of involvement in existing portfolio investments and will work closely with ena treasury and the various origination groups to assure that new transactions ( a ) incorporate appropriate risk / return characteristics , ( b ) are evaluated in the context of market based pricing signals , and ( c ) incorporate a specific investment plan which includes syndication of the investment , if applicable , and a specific exit strategy . portfolio management includes restructuring / special assets ( randy maffett / dick lydecker ) and capital structuring ( andrea reed ) . steve pruett ( energy capital resources ) , chuck ward ( generation investments ) , don miller ( merchant generation ) , and chris helfrich ( coal and industrial ) will continue to be responsible for day to day asset management for performing investments and will report to their respective origination units with a dual report to jeff . jeff will retain his corporate development and principal investments activities . commodity structuring : commodity structuring including berney aucoin ( power ) and ed mcmichael ( gas ) will report to janet dietrich . janet will retain responsibility for east midstream origination . commodity structuring will continue to work to facilitate and structure the highest priority and highest value transactions across the entire ena organization . technical / oec : the technical group ( wayne mays / bob virgo ) , which provides technical support to industrial and power generation asset development activities , and oec ( lead by mark dobler ) will report directly to the ena office of the chairman . in addition to these changes , joe deffner has been named ena  , s chief financial officer and will head ena treasury . in this role he will be responsible for managing ena  , s balance sheet and the sourcing of capital in the bank and capital markets . joe will report jointly to the ena office of the chairman and to enron corp . global finance . 
2	Legitimate ---------- - Owner: farmer-d - Total number: 3672 emails - Date of first email: 1999-12-10 - Date of last email: 2002-01-11 - Similars deletion: No - Encoding: No   Spam ---- - Owner: GP - Total number: 1500 emails - Date of first email: 2003-12-18 - Date of last email: 2005-09-06 - Similars deletion: No - Encoding: No  Spam:Legitimate rate  1:3 Total number of emails (legitimate + spam): 5975  
2	Subject: re : confirmation of meeting i would very much like to meet vince , unfortunately i am in back to back meetings all day today . maybe we could rearrange next time vince is in london or i am in houston . regards paul to : paul e . day cc : date : 29 / 09 / 2000 17 : 52 from : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com subject : re : confirmation of meeting paul : fyi . regards , shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 09 / 29 / 2000 11 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 09 / 29 / 2000 11 : 51 am to : wendy . dunford @ arthurandersen . com @ enron cc : subject : re : confirmation of meeting ( document link : shirley crenshaw ) wendy : i am so sorry for the late notice , but vince will be in london for 1 day only , monday , october 2 nd . he has had some time freed up and if paul and julian could meet with him , they can call him at the grosvenor house , 870 - 400 - 8500 . his morning is already full , but lunch , dinner or afternoon would work . regards , shirley wendy . dunford @ arthurandersen . com on 09 / 18 / 2000 10 : 14 : 51 am to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : subject : re : confirmation of meeting hi shirley thanks for getting back to me . regards wendy * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it . 
2	Subject: hpl nomination for december 30 , 1999 ( see attached file : hpll 230 . xls ) - hpll 230 . xls 
2	Subject: calculating bid - ask prices this is about enron movie trading business where we are a market maker for trading future of a movie ' s gross box office receipt . rich sent to many people a writing explaining his movie trading idea and asked us to provide some feedback . i think the idea ( see below ) might be applicable to other parts of enron . we can call it " dynamic bid - ask price process " . in fact , we can set that the bidding period is closed when no new bid is submitted to the system within a specified amount of time . the final ( clearing ) bid and ask prices are just the last " tentative " price shown to the public before the bidding period ends . ( so the customers can see the final price before the market close and can revise their bids if they wish . ) i think this method is suitable for illiquid products to be traded via enrononline . com . - chonawee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on 04 / 24 / 2001 07 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - chonawee supatgiat 04 / 24 / 2001 07 : 40 pm to : richard dimichele / enron communications @ enron communications cc : chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , cynthia harkness / enron communications @ enron communications , greg wolfe / hou / ect @ ect , james ginty / enron communications @ enron communications , jim fallon / enron communications @ enron communications , kelly kimberly / enron communications @ enron communications , kevin howard / enron communications @ enron communications , key kasravi / enron communications @ enron communications , kristin albrecht / enron communications @ enron communications , kristina mordaunt / enron communications @ enron communications , martin lin / contractor / enron communications @ enron communications , paul racicot / enron communications @ enron communications , zachary mccarroll / enron communications @ enron communications , martin lin / contractor / enron communications @ enron communications subject : calculating bid - ask prices i think we should let the price float with the market instead of trying to forecast it . otherwise , if our forecast is not consistence with the market , we may have an imbalance in the bid - ask orders and we may end up taking some positions . you know , as russ and martin pointed out , we cannot fight with the studio and exhibitors because they have inside information and can game the price easily . one way to ensure the balance of the bid - ask orders is to embed an exchange system inside our bid - ask prices front end . each week , we have a trading period . during the period , instead of posting bid - ask prices , we post " tentative " bid - ask prices , then we ask our customers to submit their acceptable buying or selling price . these " tentative " bid - ask prices get updated and are shown to the public . of course , customers can revise / withdraw their bids anytime during the trading period . at the end of the period , we calculate and post the final bid and ask prices . the seller who submits lower selling price than our final bid price gets paid at the bid price . the buyer who submits higher buying price than our final ask price pays at the ask price . next week , we repeat the same process . this way , we can manage our positions easily and we can also behave like a broker where we don ' t take any position at all . we make profit from those bid - ask spread . we don ' t have to worry about forecasting accuracy and insiders ' trading because we don ' t have to take any position . let the market be the one who decides the price . if we maintain our net position as zero , at the end , when all the actual gross box office numbers are reported in those publications , our customers with open long / short positions are perfectly matched . using the mark - to - market charge can reduce credit risk . thanks , - chonawee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on 04 / 24 / 2001 07 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - chonawee supatgiat 04 / 20 / 2001 04 : 31 pm to : richard dimichele / enron communications @ enron communications , key kasravi / enron communications @ enron communications cc : martin lin / contractor / enron communications @ enron communications subject : some more input hi rich and key , again i think your idea is very good . i think that we , as a market maker , can reduce our credit risk ( risk of default ) if we do the " mark - to - market " charging . that is , each week when we release a new expected value of the gross box office receipt , we balance all the opening positions the same way as in a regular future market . this way , we can give margin calls to the couterparties who are expected to owe us a lots of money . in the last paragraph , i think the gross box office can also be determined from the market itself ( i . e . , if there are lots of buyers , our offer price should go up . ) we can offer other derivative products such as options as well . - chonawee 
2	Subject: organizational announcement please see attached memo : 
2	Subject: ferc order on reliant deal this morning i received a copy of a draft order on tw ' s negotiated rate deal with reliant . the commission suspended the proposed negotiated rate , subject to refund and further order by the commission . the commission also consolidated the filing with the other negotiated rate dockets currently underway " for purposes of a further commission order on transwestern ' s negotiated rate contracts under investigation . . . " 
2	Subject: re : indutrial report robert , this is the file that i referenced in my last email . please get this file going again . thanks , pat daren j farmer @ ect 02 / 25 / 2000 04 : 52 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : indutrial report robert , ken developed an industrial report before he left . it can be found at o / logistics / kenseaman / industrialsmonthly / . . . there is one file for each month of 2000 . i need you to update this for march . this will need to be distributed to gas control , logistics , and myself . let me know if you have any questions . d 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 2 ? q ? my _ proposition ?  from : dr . dan . nkanga zenith international bank ltd . cowrie house adeola - hopewell str . victoria - island , lagos dear sir , first , i must solicit your confidence in this transaction , this is by virtue of its nature as being utterly confidential and top secret . though i know that a transaction of this magnitude will make anyone apprehensive and worried , but i am assuring you that all will be well at the end of the day . we have decided to contact you by e - mail due to the urgency of this transaction . let me start by first introducing myself properly to you . i am dr . dan nkanga , a manager at the zenith international bank ltd , lagos . i came to know of you in my private search for a reliable and reputable person to handle a very confidential transaction which involves the transfer of a huge sum of money to a foreign account requiring maximum confidence . i am not too really sure if you are my long lost contact whom i am trying to reach , but in anyway , please do take this message with a good heart and report back to me if you are not the person i think you are . i would explain more latter . the proposition : a foreigner , late engineer sann clarke , an oil merchant / contractor with the federal govenment of nigeria , until his death three years ago in a ghastly air crash , banked with us here at zenith bank lagos , and had a closing balance of usd $ 12 . 5 m ( twelvemillion and five hundred thousand , united states dollars ) which the bank now unquestionably expects to be claimed by any of his available foreign next of kin or alternatively be donated to a discredited trust fund for alms and ammunition at a military war college here in nigeria . fervent valuable efforts has been made by the zenith international bank to get in touch with any of the clarke family or relatives but all have proved to no avail . it is because of the perceived possibility of not going to be able to locate any of late engr . sann clarke ' s next of kin ( he had no known wife and children ) that the management under the influence of our chairman , board of directors , chief jim ovie , that an arrangement for the fund to be declared " unclaimable " and then be subsequently donated to the trust fund for alms and war in africa and the world in general . in order to avert this negative development , myself and some of my trusted colleagues here at the bank now seek for your permission to have you stand as late engr . sann clarke ' s next of kin so that the fund , usd $ 12 . 5 m usd would be subsequently transferred and paid into your bank account as the beneficiary next of kin . all documents and proves to enable you get this fund have been carefully worked out and we are assuring you a 100 % risk free involvement . for your assistance , your commission would be 20 % . 80 % be for myself and my colleagues for investment purposes in your country . if this proposal is ok . by you and you do not wish to take advantage of the trust we hope to bestow on you and your company , then kindly get to me immediately via my e - mail utome 445 @ yahoo . fr furnishing me with your most confidential telephone , fax number and exclusive e - mail so that i can forward to you the relevant details of this transaction . thank you in advance for your anticipated co - operation . best regards , dr dan nkanga manager zenith bank intl . ltd 
2	Subject: hpl meter # 981046 butane plant neches gas dist h daren : during the period of 9 / 5 / 99 thru 9 / 6 / 99 , the above meter recorded flow of 3 , 962 mmbtus . there was no deal at this meter the month prior or after . currently , logistics has these volumes recorded to hpl strangers gas contract . in order to correct this , hpl logistics needs either a deal to record these volumes which have flowed into hpl ' s pipeline or logistics needs approval to writeoff these volumes to unaccounted for gas . ( please print , sign , and return the original to clem cernosek ) . approval to writeoff the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss or deal / deal ticket # / customer ( buyer / seller ) thank , clem 
2	Subject: take $ 20 off any product . today and tomorrow only take $ 20 off any product . today and tomorrow only . to redeem your instant coupon , click here we ' ve never found such an extreme offer ! ends midnight , june 30 , 2005 . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bmrt @ pandasecurity , com sent : wednesday , june 29 , 2005 12 : 21 pm to : fcc @ pandasoftware , com subject : fw : take $ 20 off any product . today and tomorrow only . hi forster , check this out . i found it in my inbox from a member of a friends site . somebody let these coupon codes out on the internet . titanium antivirus 2005 code 508080 platinum internet security 2005 code 508080 truprevent personal 2005 - double your protection code 508080 as you know , we ' re not authorized to circulate them , so i need you to deactivate them quick in the online cart before too many more people take advantage . we ' ve had 520 units purchased already . thanks , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jmrk @ moviefiller , com sent : wednesday , june 29 , 2005 9 : 21 am to : bmrt @ pandasecurity , com subject : fw : take $ 20 off any product . today and tomorrow only . hey brain , one of our site members passed me these promo codes and i think you should be aware . he said he totally reinforced his old norton software with a full version of panda truprevent . . . . are you really running this special ? cheers , jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : matso 5 @ remodel - house , com to : info @ moviefiller , com date : june 27 , 2005 subject : take $ 20 off any product . today and tomorrow only . to whom it may regard , some of the site members are passing promo for other sites . i ' ve attached some here . thought you should know . br . panda software 230 n . maryland ave . , ste . 303 glendale , ca 91239 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation . 
2	Subject: li sun vince , i am so glad that your meeting went well with li yesterday . this is a confirmation email to let everyone know that li sun will begin in vince ' s organization on monday , august 28 th . if you have any questions , please let me know . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jana giovannini / hou / ect on 08 / 23 / 2000 10 : 00 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : jana giovannini 08 / 21 / 2000 01 : 25 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , shelly butler / hou / ect @ ect , ina rangel / hou / ect @ ect subject : li sun vince , thanks for your response . apparently , we were under the incorrect impression that your group would be taking li ( based on jeff ' s note below ) . we apologize for not contacting you last friday to confirm prior to " placing " li in your group . i have faxed li ' s resume to you and hope that you will have time to review it today . please call me back as soon as you can to discuss li ' s opportunities in your group . if vince is not interested in li for his group , we will consider li placed in ena - gas trading ( original placement ) in john lavorato ' s organization . once i hear from vince one way or the other , the program will consider li ' s placement final in either research or ena - gas trading . hopefully this will be resolved by tuesday morning so that we may communicate to li her rotation information . if you have any questions , please let me know . thank you ! vince j kaminski 08 / 21 / 2000 01 : 03 pm to : jana giovannini / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : vikas dwivedi fyi vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 08 / 21 / 2000 01 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 08 / 21 / 2000 12 : 58 pm to : shelly butler / hou / ect @ ect cc : john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : vikas dwivedi shelly , i shall not accept anybody for a rotation without a prior interview . li was scheduled to meet with me last thursday but she never showed up . she did not call to cancel or to apologize for not showing up . i have not seen her resume . please , assume she is not rotating into my group till further notice . vince from : shelly butler 08 / 18 / 2000 03 : 37 pm to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect cc : hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , craig breslau / hou / ect @ ect , ina rangel / hou / ect @ ect subject : vikas dwivedi jeff , just wanted to confirm that li will be placed in vince kaminski ' s group . vikas has been placed in ena middle market reporting to craig breslau . please contact me at 3 - 4584 if you have any questions . thanks for your help ! ! shelly from : jeffrey a shankman 08 / 18 / 2000 03 : 18 pm to : shelly butler / hou / ect @ ect cc : hunter s shively / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / corp / enron @ enron subject : shelly , hunter spoke with li today and agrees that her first rotation should be in vince ' s group doing modelling , etc . this will give her the broadest experience for a first rotation . i ' m sure the other person in question , vikas , will do very well in hunter ' s group . thanks for your help . jeff 
2	Subject: easy ink online purchase - - save big online . customers can enjoy more flexible rates on brand name ink products as they shop online . get significant discount on quality ink products . need more assistance ? contact our professional support for timely assistance . do you want to get quality ink at low prices ? then this is your way . select top brands including apple , brother , canon , compaq , hp , lexmark , nec and more others online . the site offers a wide selection of inks at lower prices . vikings who showed up with no stomach for the rigors of the playoffs and only a little more boston in 2000 , resumed contact with his sons , moved back to florida early last year to start preferred a bird in the 401 ( k ) hand to two in the pension bush , especially given the recentdecocted 8 euchroite 3 catalpa  
2	Subject: good - day from : the desk of mr . igho kadiri union bank of nigeria plc lagos nigeria big , strong , reliable . dear sir , i know this proposal will come to you as a surprise expecially when you do not know the writer , condsidering , the huge sum of money involved which could make any apprehensive . let me start by introducing myself to you , i am mr . igho kadiri director credit control , union bank of nigeria plc . lagos . i saw your contact during my private search at the information centre here in nigeria chamber of commence and industry and i want to believe that you will be very honest , committed and capable of assisting in this business venture . firstly , let me explain the source of this funds and what you are expected to do . a forigner late engineer theophilus baker , an oil merchant / contractor with the government of nigeria , until his death , over a year ago , was a victim ofa kenya airways : bus ( a 310 - 300 ) flight kq 430 plane crash . the deceased , engnieer theopilius baker , banked with us and has a closing balance as a july 2000 worth $ 4 . 5 m ( four million five hundred thosand usd ) . which my bank , now expectes a next - of - kin to claim as the beneficiary of the funds , efforts has been made by union bank of nigeria to get in touch with the baker ' s family or relative but to no success . based on the perceived possibility of not being able to locate engnieer theopilus ' s next - of - kin , the management under the influence of our chairman and the board of directors are making arrangements for the funds to be declared unclaimed and channeled to an unknown account . it is based on this that we have contacted you to stand as the next - of - kin of late engr . theopilus baker so that the funds , will be released and paid into your account as the beneficiary and the next - of - kin to the deceased . all documents , and proof to enable you get the funds have been carefully worked out as we have secured from the different offices concerned for the smooth transfer of the fund to your nominated account . it has been agreed that the owner of the account will be compensated with 20 % of the remitted funds , while we keep 75 % and 5 % will be set aside to offset expenses and pay the necessary taxes . if this proposal satisfies you , please reach us only by mail , for more information . yours faithfully , mr . igho kadiri . nb : for confidential reason and security purpose , we will be communicating thruogh email for now .  
2	Subject: did you get the email about the 10 : 00 a . m . meeting ? messages : pat o ' donnell - 312 - 925 - 0290 ( cell # ) nick mooney - 44 1462 769277 tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: re : contact jana , a correction . i am going to spend one week in australia and i have just realized that i have to leave on friday , july the 14 th , at night , to arrive in sydney on sunday morning . maybe we can meet on friday the 7 th ( we would like to invite you to dinner and then we can have a glass of wine outside , the weather and mosquitoes permitting ) . alternatively , we can meet during the weekend of july the 29 th . vince jlpnymex @ aol . com on 06 / 26 / 2000 01 : 27 : 41 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : contact vince , the weekend of july 15 , 2000 is fine for us . which day is better for you - - friday or saturday ? do you want to go to the woodlands for a show , or just visit ? also , let me know if i can bring something . thanks and we look forward to meeting your family . jana 
2	Subject: bigger , harder , and longer - lasting results now with a discreet little patch . wanna be more man ? check this dude http : / / www . siratu . com / ss / the past is but the past of a beginning . it is tedious to tell again tales already plainly told . i respect faith , but doubt is what gets you an education . a witty saying proves nothing . god gives us memory so that we may have roses in december . 
2	Subject: " project doorstep " target date have you had an opportunity to meet with mark taylor on this ? if so , can you provide me with an update ? thanks peggy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by peggy hedstrom / cal / ect on 07 / 05 / 2000 12 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rob milnthorp 06 / 30 / 2000 08 : 38 am to : peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect cc : subject : " project doorstep " target date - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rob milnthorp / cal / ect on 06 / 30 / 2000 07 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - donna lowry 06 / 30 / 2000 12 : 01 am sent by : michael neves to : rob milnthorp / cal / ect @ ect cc : richard lauer / hou / ect @ ect , donna lowry / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , rick l carson / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , john sorrells / aa / corp / enron @ enron subject : " project doorstep " target date the target date specified in an open audit observation has been reached . click on the document link below to view the observation / action step ( s ) . please provide action step implementation detail along with completion date and submit return response to donna lowry . if you should have any questions relating to this audit , please call the observation contact listed in the following observation ( document link ) . thank you . note : each e - mail represents a separate audit observation . click on this link to view document - - > 
2	Subject: fw : win - dows xp + office xp  80 dol lars . you can get oem software including microsoft / microsoft office , adobe , macromedia , corel , even titles for the macintosh up to 80 % off . you need to see it to believe it , you can download it straight from this site by going here , keep in mind you ' ll need to burn the iso to a cd , if you don ' t have a cd burner you can go here and have them mail it right to your doorstep at no extra cost . 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , vesta  
2	Subject: access to o ; . . . vince , this e - mail is to request access to the o : / research / power meteorlogy / weather temps / txtemps . xls file . . . i was told by tech - support to e - mail you with this request and everything would get squared away . daniel , could you please advise on what to do next . thank you . . . juan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by juan padron / na / enron on 09 / 19 / 2000 02 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daniel muschar 09 / 19 / 2000 09 : 14 am to : juan padron / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : access to o ; . . . i called security again and here is what is happening : this request is waiting on the approver . stinson gibner : here is the info on the user we are waiting on . stinson ? ? gibner contact info company info phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 4748 employee type : enron employee email : sgibner @ enron . com job title : vp research location : eb 1963 supervisor : kaminski , wincenty j fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 2503 contract company : ect resources corp cellular : company number : 0413 pager : cost center : 0000107043 click here for others in cost center cost center name : na - research group ena city : houston bner or vince kaminski are the approvers for this directory 
2	Subject: resume , cv . , etc . dear mr . kaminski : as explained over the phone , i have been doing political , economic , and strategic analysis for terry thorn , formerly head of government affairs for ei . most of my work has been focussed on asia , a region in which i have deep experience and speak major languages . wtih the restructuring of the asia - pacific group , terry is moving to a new function and i am seeking a new role . since i have been based in washington , dc , with more frequent trips to asia than to houston , i still feel as though i don ' t know my way around the company , a disadvantage in my current situation . several people have recommended that i talk to you about your shop , but more generally if you have any ideas about where i might fit in , i would appreciate them . i am attaching my resume , cv and a biographical sketch as you requested , edith terry enron / dc 
2	Subject: project " q " fyi . . . ted , as discussed , please see below an outline of the changes that we are making to the logistics set - up in london . i also attach the roles & responsibilities document we discussed - i highlight in red the sections that have been agreed with the functional groups . . . sally , sorry to have missed you this week . i hope to have the opportunity to explain to you in greater detail the changes we are making to the logistics function in europe . we hope to replicate this model to singapore and possibly houston once we have proven the model in london . i will also forward you a plan that we have kicked off to migrate trading support for the helsinki operation back to london . . . regards , tim - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect on 03 / 21 / 2000 11 : 13 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tim poullain - patterson 03 / 10 / 2000 05 : 57 pm to : graham cane / lon / ect @ ect , rebecca millerchip / lon / ect @ ect , iain greig / lon / ect @ ect , david rae / lon / ect @ ect , paul wallace / hel / ect @ ect , cindy horn / hou / ect @ ect , sylvie mostura / lon / ect @ ect , andre nicholson / lon / ect @ ect cc : fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , kevin sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , john l nowlan / hou / ect @ ect , richard burchfield / hou / ect @ ect subject : project " q " hi , i ' d like to summarise the various discussions that have taken place over the last few days in relation to our forthcoming logistics project , which i ' ve tentatively named " project q " . at some point a prize will be awarded to whoever can guess what the " q " stands for . . . objective project " q " has a twofold objective : 1 ) implement the co - ordination function for the london and helsinki global trading support group - see attached for a definition of this function 2 ) roll out the products inventory management system ( " pims " ) for the london and helsinki global trading support groups . target timescale completion of both objectives is currently planned for the end of may . david and i have hastily put together a timeline which we will refine as a group at a kick - off meeting scheduled for next friday , by which time the project team will be assembled in london - see attached . to meet this tight timeframe , the scope of the project needs to be clearly understood especially in relation to rolling out pims . though over time 1 ) functionality may be added to pims , 2 ) there will ( hopefully ) be a further deployment in houston and singapore , 3 ) an interface to rightangle may be developed , 4 ) invoicing may be added etc . . . - for the purpose of this project the scope of the pims application is limited to replacing manips for the helsinki and london operators ( petchems may or may not be included in this phase ) . the actual pims specification will be finalised next week by graham and david ( it are currently mid - way through a full elaboration for the system ) . project team steering group will comprise me ( also sponsor ) , graham and becky . project manager is cindy ( arriving from houston on tuesday ) . it lead for pims is david rae ( full time for duration of project ) , managed by iain greig . a task force comprising three contract accountants is being assembled and will be in place by the middle of next week . other stakeholders / key participants in this project are logistics in london and helsinki . the result of this project should be to leverage our existing operators and improve controls by introducing a second tier support around the logistics function . however , for this to happen a significant contribution will be required from all our operators to ensure a successful implementation within our timeframe . regards , tim 
2	Subject: fw : women really important to read sally , thought this was good . . . . cindy hey , here is another wonderful group of facts about women . i don ' t normally like to pass these on but it has too much importance . even if your a skeptic read to the bottom . did you know that it ' s beautiful women month ? well , it is and that means you . there are 3 billion women who don ' t look like supermodels . . . and only eight who do . marilyn monroe wore a size 14 . if barbie was a real woman , she ' d have to walk on all fours due to her proportions . the average woman weighs 144 lbs and wears between a 9 - 14 . one out of every four college aged women has an eating disorder . the models in the magazines are airbrushed - - not perfect ! a psychological study in 1995 found that three minutes spent looking at a fashion magazine caused 70 % of women to feel depressed , guilty , and shameful . models twenty years ago weighed 8 % less than the average woman . today they weigh 23 % less . * * * * * beauty of a woman - the beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears , the figure she carries or the way she combs her hair . the beauty of a woman must be seen from her eyes , because that is the doorway to her heart , the place where love resides . the beauty of a woman is not in a facial mole , but true beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul . it is the caring that she lovingly gives the passion that she shows , the beauty of a woman with passing years - only grows . * * * * * an english professor wrote the words , " woman without her man is nothing , " on the blackboard and directed the students to punctuate it correctly . the men wrote : " woman , without her man , is nothing . " the women wrote : " woman ! without her , man is nothing . " * * * * * the images of mother - 4 years of age ~ my mommy can do anything ! 8 years of age ~ my mom knows a lot ! a whole lot ! 12 years of age ~ my mother doesn ' t really know quite everything . 14 years of age ~ naturally , mother doesn ' t know that , either . 16 years of age ~ mother ? she ' s hopelessly old - fashioned . 18 years of age ~ that old woman ? she ' s way out of date ! 25 years of age ~ well , she might know a little bit about it . 35 years of age ~ before we decide , let ' s get mom ' s opinion . 45 years of age ~ wonder what mom would have thought about it ? 65 years of age ~ wish i could talk it over with mom . please send this to five phenomenal women today in celebration of women ' s history month . if you do , something good will happen . . . you will boost another woman ' s self - esteem . 
2	Subject: re : allegheny energy 1935 act filing the short news is that things are fine with application . i spoke with anthony wilson of allegheny who ' s been working with the sec staff to get the order issued . he expects to have the order either today or early next week . starting monday , you can reach me at joanne . rutkowski @ bakerbotts . com i ' ll be back to you asap with other contact info . best joanne 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122023 . txt 
2	Subject: anthony johnson . dear friend , i wish the best in life for you and your family , and i hope you will receive this mail in good spirit and respond quickly with utmost secrecy and confidentiality ; i got your address through my personal search for reliable person that can help me in securing the safe keeping of the fund till my arrival in your country . my name is col . anthony johnson and i was the chief of security and operations for former president charles taylor of liberia . please protect this mail for the safety of my life and that of my family to avoid us being toured or killed by his left behind secret agents . please humbly beg you from the bottom of my heart to listen very carefully , the situation in my country are very critical and chaos , uproar and hostilities had brought the country to its knees and from intelligent report the center cannot hold anymore for former president charles taylor and his government . the intense pressure from united states , united nations , international community and west african peace keeping to [ ecology ] had made him former president charles taylor to step aside and gone on exile and also pressure to face war crime charges against humanity . listen very carefully , you know my country liberia is very rich with diamonds , and with my position as former chief of security and operations i have accumulated so much diamonds which i had sold to generate close to $ 30 million over the years and it is this fund that i want to move to you for safe keeping . the funds are in boxes in dollar denomination and it would be set to you through diplomatic courier service with your name as the beneficiary within few days . please would you do me a favor to receive this fund for me ? else the government in power will seize the fund and plunder it . if you are capable and know that you will truly and honestly help me , write me now , time is no more on my side . i will give you 30 % of the fund and i will come to your country to take my part . extend a friendly hand and help me . please bear in mind that this fund is not loaned or stolen money but rather hard earned money generated . please for us to conclude this transaction i will want you to send me the following information . ( 1 ) your full name . ( 2 ) your residential house address . ( 3 ) your direct telephone and fax number ( 4 ) your age and occupation . ( 5 ) marital status . which i will use in preparing the document that will enable you to lay claim and receive the consignment on my behalf . i urgently await your reply . yours sincerely . col . anthony johnson .  
2	Subject: re : may activity survey thanks , daren , these are the only stats that we need for now . shari 
2	Subject: attention all basketball players the enron basketball association is hosting a full court " five on five " tournament on september 16 , 2000 from 8 : 00 a . m . untill 12 : 00 noon at lutheran north high school near the loop 610 north and shepherd . you will be able to enter an entire team or enter as an individual and be placed on a team . if you are interested in participating , please contact one of the following people prior to september 7 th : jamie lynn ext . 3 - 9515 rick dietz ext . 3 - 5691 steve kleb ext . 3 - 3959 we will have a team captain ' s meeting on september 8 th to discuss the tournament rules and prizes . we plan to limit the tournament to eight teams , so please sign up soon to join in on the fun . there is no entry fee for enron basketball association members . thanks , jamie lynn , president enron basketball association 
2	Subject: meter # 1552 robert , there is a large variance between noms and flow at this meter . is everyone in the loop on this . pat 
2	Subject: re : sexy beauties raped by mestor buenos tardes ! adios  
2	Subject: your email thank you for your email . this email address is only used for sending out our e - newsletter and is not monitored on a regular basis . should you require any information regarding aldwark activity centre and what it can offer you please visit http : / / www . aldwark . org alternatively you can contact us by phone on 0113 252 5269 with a detailed message or by sending a fax to the same number . kind regards aldwark e - newsletter editor t : 0113 252 5269 w : www . aldwark . org 
2	Subject: d ; ick drug just dev . eloped the only solution to penis enlargement limited offer : add at least 3 inches or get your money back ! we are so sure our product works we are willing to prove it by offering a free trial bottle + a 100 % cash back guarantee upon purchase if you are not satisfied with the results . - - - > click here to learn more - - - no more offers  
2	Subject: re : willis phillips willis is an manager candidate 
2	Subject: aliaga ozurluler merkezi odullu yarýsma izmir ili aliaga ilcesi sosyal yardimlasma ve dayanisma vakfinin yapmakta oldugu ozurluler projesi ile ilgili ?d?ll? yarisma ( halk dilinde fak - fun fon ) www . asyav . org . tr adresinden geni? bilgi alabilirsiniz yarisma ile ilgili detayli bilgi ve basvuru icin http : / / www . asyav . org . tr / tasarim adresine girebilirsiniz not : t?m yar?sma elektronik ortamda yapilmaktadir internet ?zerinden katilabilirsiniz 
2	Subject: transportation for m . gillis and g . whitaker for post presentation celebration at enron box at enron field hi judith ! i have a special parking ticket for malcolm and gil to use in dr . gillis ' s car . then , i ' ll have a car pick up gil when he ' s ready to leave the game - - we ' ll take care of everything ( thanks for offering ) - - we ' re really looking forward to the event ! best regards for a great weekend ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001 04 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - judith duvall on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 09 : 26 pm to : christie . patrick @ enron . com cc : subject : re : rice alp final presentation and post presentation celebration at enron box at enron field christie : could you please fill me in on the logistics ? dr . gillis and gil whitaker will be at the apl project presentation at enron at 4 p . m . . further , they both plan to attend the dinner at enron field . however , dr . gillis must skip the game due to an early morning breakfast the next day . will you provide special parking at the dinner / game ? i think dr . g and gil will go together , then i will have dr . gillis picked up by limo , at approximately 8 : 00 p . m . does this sound feasible ? judith duvall at 10 : 00 am 5 / 4 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote : > hi friends ! > > the big rice - alp final presentation day is almost here : monday , may 7 th , > 4 pm , at enron , 1400 smith . please come to the enron lobby and ask for > me or my assistant , melinda mccarty . > > after the presentation , you are cordially invited to dinner and an astro ' s > game ( vs phillies ) at the enron box at enron field . as participation in > the enron box at enron field is limited to this special invitation list > only , please confirm your attendance via return email , or via voice mail to > me at 713 - 853 - 6117 asap . > > we ' re very excited about the work the rice alp team has done and we ' re all > greatly looking forward to the presentation . > > hope to see everyone monday ! ! > > best regards ! > > - - christie . > > > judith duvall secretary to the president rice university 6100 main street - - msl houston , tx 77005 713 / 348 - 4601 713 / 348 - 5271 ( fax ) 
2	Subject: i need your assistance dear sir , my name is col . garry mbako , a liberian military soldier under the leadership of the liberian former president charles taylor , who is now on exile in federal republic of nigeria . i am officer incharge of purchasing arms and aminitions during the years of liberia civil war . but right now i am on exile in nigeira with the war lord charles taylor . our leaving for exile is resulted from the resolution of the internation community to stop the blood shelding and to allow them maintian peace in the country liberia . this brought to the public notice that charles taylor will be leaving on exile immediately he handed over the government on 11 th august 2003 to moses blah as the president of interim government untill a proper democratic election is done . as it is now i want to leave nigeria to settle down and rehabilitate my life for better tomorrow of my family . therefore , i wish to solicite for your assistance to help me out of this distress . although , i know it will be difficult to believe and accept a stranger you do not know or met before . but i plead you in the name of almighty god to please welcome my request and god will bless you . on a confidential matter , i have two boxes that contains about usd $ 5 million reserved for the purchase of the war materials and it was in my office before the arrival of the internation community . but i fly to nigeria with the boxes with the entorage of the president taylor . for this information , i have made a special arrangement on how to ship the boxes to you through a diplomatic courier services because according to my contact person here it will not be possible for me to travel out with the boxes . so i want you to receive the boxes first before i arrange for my traveling papers . ofcourse i do not have any of them . so if you agreed to recieve me and the money in your country , you will assist me to establish some business investment . finally , note that once the money is sent to you and i comes over successfully , i will compersate you with 20 % ok . but please you should keep this letter very confidential to avoid any trace of my where about and the money . moreover , i want you to send me your phone and fax numbers for easy contact . the copies of your international passport or motor driving licence and your house contact address is needed to facilitate this deal on mutual trust and smooth operation . i am waiting your urgent reply through the e - mail address below . thanks and god bless you . col . garry mbako .  
2	Subject: cheap pharmacy as would you like cheap and new canadian drugs ? http : / / www . bikl . com /  
2	Subject: fw : cute teen gteting jizzed inetrnally in her ass some kind of a comedian , are we ? wachiya  
2	Subject: congrats : $ 25758 dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 4 . 75 rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting : http : / / www . oprefi . net / ? id  j 22 we look foward to hearing from you . thank you , damion hurd , account managerlpc and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? - > www . iorefi . net / book . php 
2	Subject: eia ' s updated heating costs forecast home heating costs to soar this winter americans can expect home heating prices to jump as much as 44 % this winter because of strong economic growth and high crude oil prices , according to the eia . a winter with especially long periods of cold weather ' could cause even higher prices because heating fuel storage levels are below average . homes that use natural gas can expect to see the biggest jump in bills . prices paid by residential customers are expected to average $ 8 . 58 per mmbtu , up about 30 % from last winter ' s average of $ 6 . 61 . the higher prices , combined with increased consumption , will push overall costs up to an average $ 780 this winter from $ 540 last year earlier , the eia said in an annual report on winter fuels . high prices for competing petroleum - based fuels will help keep natural gas prices high . homes with heating oil will pay about $ 949 for fuel this winter , up 25 % from the $ 760 paid last winter . prices will average about $ 1 . 37 per gallon , up 16 % from last year ' s $ 1 . 18 , the report said . the 4 . 5 % of americans who use propane to heat their homes will pay about 27 % more this winter at $ 1 , 045 , compared with $ 823 last year . inventories of propane at the end of last month were about 62 million barrels , 3 million above last year ' s level . distillate stockpiles , which include heating oil and diesel fuel , will be about 114 million to 118 million barrels at the start of the heating season , about 15 % to 18 % lower than last year , the report said . the government projection excludes the heating oil reserve created by the clinton administration , which stores 2 million barrels . distillate stocks in the east coast are 41 million barrels , close to 40 % less than last year ' s level . in new england stocks are over 60 % below the 1999 level . the eia estimated the monthly price of crude oil will remain above $ 28 per barrel for the rest of the year , and then gradually decline next year to an average $ 25 per barrel . because of rising demand in asia and continued growth in the us , higher oil production by opec has not been able to stem the rally in prices , the report said . us crude oil inventories are about 287 million barrels , 17 million barrels below last year . the deficit is smaller than last month , when there was a 26 million - barrel shortfall , though supplies are still 8 % below normal and are not expected to move into the normal range before the end of winter , the report said . global oil demand this year is expected to increase 1 . 1 million barrels per day from last year and will grow by an additional 2 million barrels a day in 2001 to 78 million barrels a day , according to the report . the average retail price for gasoline , which was about $ 1 . 52 per gallon last week , will fall to about $ 1 . 46 per gallon in december and $ 1 . 40 by next march , the report said . the report says a very cold winter could cause northeast heating oil prices to surge , and that could spill over into east coast diesel markets . the government said the chances of this were greater this year because of tight distillate supplies , especially in the northeast . diesel prices will fall by about $ 0 . 09 to $ 1 . 55 per gallon in december and $ 1 . 35 by next summer , assuming normal conditions this winter . 
2	Subject: eastrans - lst of month nomination - eff 8 / 1 / 2000 this si to nominate 32 , 800 mmbtu into eastrans eff . 8 / 1 / 2000 . redeliveries will be : 7 , 800 from fuels cotton valley 25 , 000 into pg & e detm will sell 2 , 880 mmbtu / d 
2	Subject: accomplishments attached is a summary of accomplishments for first half as requested . 
2	Subject: major stock play amnis systems , inc . ( otcbb : amnm ) contract announcements and huge newsletter coverage this week  for  20 amnm ! ! ! this thursday amnm will be profiled by some major newsletters .   20 there will be huge volume and a strong increase in price for severa  l  20 days . these are the same newsletters that profiled clks two w  eeks  20 ago . they brought clks from $ 1 . 50 to $ 4 . 35 in ten days .  we  20 know for certain that the same groups are going to profile amnm sta  rting  20 on thursday . we are very proud that we can share this information with you  so that  20 you can make a profit out of it . it is highly advisable to ta  ke a  20 position in amnm as soon as possible , today before the market  20 closes , or tomorrow . the stock is trading near its 52 week low , and will start movi  ng up  20 immediately . we believe the stock could easiely reach $ 4 in l  ess  20 than a month . good luck and watch amnm fly this week ! !  09  09  09  09  09  09  09 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ incredimail - email has finally   20 evolved - click  20 here  
2	Subject: louise did we retain all the historical data from eol . we met some folks that can help us analyse it . 
2	Subject: sevile norma , i would like to proceed on two fronts with sevile ( both hl visa and the green card . i shall rather work hard to keep my employees happy here than try to attach them to the job through immigration arrangements . they can see through such arrangements and it de - motivates them . vince 
2	Subject: meeting tommorow at 11 - 00 remove hideaway coreycloy council wingmenvitro hectic can didn ' taspersion avocation bournbefogging huffman walgreenfrighten brainwash two afternooncirculate circumferential jeffersonianosborn superbly chickadeesnigger appellate colleaguesalish elastic barnetcottonmouth allotropic aristocracybunyan agnostic bellflowerinfeasible attentive worthyconsular possessive heinedistributor christoffel teratologytumbrel denote habitantsop dante famishbugging cleric avengeconstitution florence legateebridge circular trailtoluene slime aforesaidcruz panacea mudspalding abolition firemanpraecox passover kentuckyhereditary choral conceptcoincide almost choreographcommute somebody ' ll convexmillie boulevard standpointcut wrap buriedstreamside discrete dionysuspictorial comfort brunotransit rasp throngmauve boron clemsonprimordial morpheme hitcommodity elmsford icctheologian cheery givecurtail  
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : twistersoffice @ qwest . net ( generated from info @ twisterburritos . com ) smtp error from remote mailer after end of data : host mpls - cmx - 07 . inet . qwest . net [ 63 . 226 . 138 . 7 ] : 554 mail server permanently rejected message ( # 5 . 3 . 0 ) - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 217 . 96 . 160 . 142 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by serverl 050 . gisol . com with smtp ( exim 4 . 50 ) id ldupmn - 0000 kc - jt for info @ twisterburritos . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 03 : 57 : 18 - 0700 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24817159 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ twisterburritos . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: ubs warburg / ubs warburg energy llc integration status report as of jan . 29 , all critical milestones are on track to meet legal integration date of 6 feb and commercial integration ( first day of trading ) of 11 feb . please see attached score card for details . mark - status check . xls visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: sarco lateral and crow o ' connor meters daren - have you had a chance to look at this ? - aimee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 05 / 09 / 2000 03 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aimee lannou 05 / 04 / 2000 03 : 26 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect subject : sarco lateral and crow o ' connor meters daren - can you set up new deals for meter 6757 and 5192 ? meter 6757 crow o ' connor - counterparty duke energy & trading month contract deal # june 99 ena 201 87426 july 99 hpl 215 95072 aug 99 hpl 215 102775 sept 99 hpl 215 110502 meter 5192 sarco lateral no deal has ever been set up for meter 5192 for duke energy & trading . there is flow for may , july and nov . 99 . will you please let me know if you set up new deals for these meters ? thanks . aimee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2000 03 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fred boas 05 / 04 / 2000 12 : 08 pm to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : sarco lateral and crow o ' connor meters aimee : the crow o ' connor , meter 6757 has its gas allocated to strangers gas for april and may 1999 and duke has been calling settlements asking for their money . i will need to set up accounting arrangements for this meter for these months so please provide me the correct transportation contract and valid deal # for this transaction . in addition , the sarco lateral , meter 5192 has its gas allocated to strangers gas for may and july 1999 and duke has been calling settlements asking for their money . i will need to set up accounting arrangements for this meter for these months so please provide me the correct transportation contract and valid deal # for this transaction . i would like to get this done asap since the customer is calling settlements and we start close next week . thanks , fred 
2	Subject: june specials ! ! * * summer specials * * valued golfers of kingwood cove . at your convenience please visit the following sites being developed for your benefit in the future . http : / / subscribe - 90027 - members @ lists . clubcorp . com / or http : / / www . ttimeonline . com / index . html * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * play & pay * * 3 play for the price of 2 4 play for the price of 3 after 11 am - saturday , sunday & holidays ( offer valid with purchase of cart & green fee per player ) must present e - mail invitation prior to registration . not valid with sr / jr rates or other offers . expires 06 / 30 / 00 . call now to book your tee - time . 281 - 358 - 1155 . * * pick your partner / price * * monday thru friday between 10 am - 2 pm ( non - holiday ) 2 play for $ 18 ea . 3 play for $ 16 ea . 4 play for $ 14 ea . ( offer includes cart & green fee ) must present e - mail invitation prior to registration . not valid with sr / jr rates , tournaments or other offers . expires 06 / 30 / 00 call now to book your tee - time . 281 - 358 - 1155 . * * 2 for 1 special * * two play for the price of one . before 10 am & after 2 pm monday thru friday non - holiday . golf invitation good for up to 4 players . offer includes 1 / 2 cart & green fee . must present e - mail invitation prior to registration . not valid with other offers or sr / jr rates . expires 06 / 30 / 00 call now to book your tee - time . 281 - 358 - 1155 . * * golf lesson special * * lessons save $ 10 
2	Subject: re : business assistance dear friend , top of the day to you . you may be surprise to receive this letter from me , since you don ' tknow me personally ; i am kokayi gamba the first son of moyo gamba who was recently murdered in a land dispute in zimbabwe . i am writing this letter to solicit your assistance and confidentiality to handle a transfer of fund into a foreign account and i decided to write you , my late father was among the few black zimbabwean rich farmers murdered in cold blood by the agents of the ruling government of president robert mugabe , for his alleged support and sympathy for the zimbabwean opposition party controlled by the white minority , before my fathers death , he deposited the sum of twelve million united state dollars ( $ 12 million ) with a security and finance company in johannesburg and he made the deposit in my name as if he foresaw the looming danger in zimbabwe . this money was allocated for the purchase of new machinery and chemical products for agro allied farm and for the establishment of new farms in lesotho and swaziland . these land problems arose when president robert mugabe introduced a new land act that wholly affected the rich white farmers , and the blacks vehemently condemned the " modus operandi " adopted by the government . this resulted to rampant killings and mob action by the war veterans and some political thugs , precisely more than three thousands ( 3 , 000 ) people have so far been killed . heads of government from the west , especially britain and united states have voiced their condemnation of mugabe ' s plans . subsequently , south africa development community ( s . a . d . c ) has continuously supported mugabe ' s new land act , it is against this background that my entire family who are currently residing in south africa have decided to transfer my father ' s money into a foreign account . as the eldest son of my father , i am saddled with the responsibility of seeking a genuine foreign account where this money could be transferred without the knowledge of my government who are tactically freezing our family ' s wealth and south africa government seem to be playing along with them . i am faced with the dilemma of investing this money in south africa for the fear of encountering the same experience in the future , since both countries have the same political history . more so , the south africa foreign exchange policy does not allow such investment , hence i am seeking for political asylum in the netherlands . as a business person whom i entrusted my future and that of my family into his hands , i must let you know that this transaction is 100 % risk free and the nature of your business does not necessarily matter . for your assistance , we are offering you 15 % of the sum 80 % for me and my family , while 5 % will be mapped out for any expenses that we may incurred during this transaction . we wish to invest our money on commercial properties based on your advice . finally , i will demand for assurance that you will not sit on the money when it gets to the account you are going to provide in your country . if this proposal is accepted by you , please confirm by sending me an email . thank you and god bless you . awaiting your urgent respond . best regard , kokayi gamba . . plaats je zoekertjes gratis op advalvas placez votre petite annonce gratuitement sur advalvas http : / / www . advalvas . be 
2	Subject: sennse how to save on your medlcations ove gentlefolks r 70 % . p punish harmshop - successfull and pro turbary ven way to save your m vagrant oney . brakevan v a discern g phlogiston al passenger lu gasify l r alphabetic a regain cl i fortnightly sv tabloid al ambulance m andmanyother . bes fivescore t prlces . wor openhanded ldwide shlpplng . e territory asy order form . total con ormolu fidentiaiity . 250 , 000 satisfied customers selfopinionated . order today carabine and save ! 
2	Subject: new release ! motivational resource for growing leaders and achievers start your day off with some empowering inspiration our daily input creates our output zig ziglar quick read books are filled with quotes ideas wisdom stories motivation inspiration each book is 24 pages in length . the quick read books are for busy people on the go , but have a passion to grow , achieve and become more ! these books are a must for those who dare to achieve their deepest potential , see their greatness , and overcome life ' s knockdown ' s with victory ! i will never look at my adversity ' s and failures the same way again . - shaun hays , president and founder , national student search and rescue to give your best , you have to be your best . susan warcaba , sirva international put a " wow ! " of inspiration into your life ! these books are ideal for your office , staff , team , teenager . they will ehance your vision , equip you with solid inspiration and renew your mind for success . the procceds from your order go to support the efforts of character education in public schools all across america . thank you for yourvalued support . order today and recieve this special dvd bonus special bonus : includes bonus dvd free ! life gets better when we get better by sam glenn , one of america ' s premiere professional speakers and humorists . ( $ 25 value ) and for another special bonus , we will include sam glenn ' s best selling book , the gift of failure . this is one of the most encouraging books on overcoming adversity and dealing with life ' s setbacks . ( $ 10 value ) yes , i am ready to order these life changing books . order today call : 800 - 818 - 6378 ask for michelle arnold . she will happily assist you with your order . secureon - line : click here next level seminars 608 s . washington , suite 101 naperville , il 60540 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: reply : new sexy anime would you believe it ? fserh pron tnoos bset hardrcoe cartoon sluts great causes and litlte men go ill thorgeet . kan gaa waana t , n ] >  
2	Subject: interesting article : do you remember how it was unsubscribe irreversible easybreeches slack scotsmaninaccessible segovia nebulousaurelius chevy justinianarcher sectarian borderlineequinox arbitrate arianismwhat aeronautic ranflirtation hoff equatorialglorify reap inappreciabledemure 
2	Subject: re : do you smoke ? noscv lookln 4 affordabowl cigarettez ? come chick it out here ! is mudguard that or swingable maybe humboldt giovanni ? i excisable don ' t chew frenzy not plaque a categoric renegotiable . if croon berlin then rem . ove me  
2	Subject: banquet otto fisher , ( the cable - filter will allow you to receive , ? all the channels that you order with your remote control , { no charge any more on payperviews , xxxx - movies , sport events , special - events , ' ; , testimonial , icy , rod , annex .  
2	Subject: re : nom / actual for may 2 nd we agree " eileen ponton " on 05 / 03 / 2001 03 : 12 : 15 pm to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : nom / actual for may 2 nd nom mcf mmbtu 32 , 500 31 , 829 32 , 689 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: hi hello , those " fat " mortgage payments are unhealthy . . . . lose a little weight from your " fat " mortgage payments . the 60 second refinance diet plan . rickie oakes if you are happy with your current interest rates you can go here for optout http : / / www . xmaslowrate . com / x / st . html 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] guaranteed to lose 10 - 12 lbs in 30 days 10 . 206 1 ) fight the risk of cancer ! 2 ) slim down - guaranteed to lose 10 - 12 lbs in 30 days 3 ) get the child support you deserve - free legal advice 4 ) join the web ' s fastest growing singles community 5 ) start your private photo album online ! have a wonderful day , offer manager prizemama if you wish to leave this list please use the link below . - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: re : special offer 4 gf 55 for paliourg hi there : ) microsoft office xp pro . . . . . . . . . . . now only $ 60 corel draw 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . now only $ 60 windows xp pro . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . now only $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . now only $ 60 and many more . . . click here to enter our shop regards , joanna  
2	Subject: new breed of equity trader mnei - the best small cap stock in 2005 just keep reading the profile and the news of this company and you wiil see for yourself this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade miliennium national events , inc . - symbo | : mnei millenniums current roster of event sponsors inciudes such names as : wm wrigiey , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samue | adams , ciear channel communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc | ocal affiiiates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards . and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news below news . . miilennium nationa | events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the miliennium international tennis tournament yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business symbo | : mnei current price : $ o . 47 1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is really possibe ( if you look at level 2 you wi | | see why ) miliennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currently transforming the worid of special events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fuliy integrated event promoter which owns , partially or entireiy , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of fiorida , new york , indiana , coiorado , california and washington dc . through its diverse segments , miliennium ' s footprint is expanding in live entertainment , inciuding sports and music . while millennium national events owns and is constantly acquiring existing events , our upcoming caiendar includes events with img , ciear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar . symbol : mnei current price : $ o . 47 1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is realiy possibe ( if you | ook at | evel 2 you wil | see why ) news delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcal | / - - miliennium national events ( 0 tc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire all or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the millennium internationa | tennis tournament . miilennium earlier became the titie sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations . both | ocal deiray beach - based companies could integrate the two entities . basically we ' re both from the same industry , and together i believe we could be bigger and accomplish more than as stand - aione companies , said robert mcailister , ceo president of miliennium nationa | events . mark baron , president of match point , inc . , says of the negotiations , we are considering miliennium ' s offers and believe that there could be a possibie f i t here for our company and our share hoiders . mcallister also feels the purchase of match point is a good move for both miilennium shareholders and match point . this acquisition is consistent with our overall business pian . it has aiways been our intent to target and acquire successfu | , high - profiie events and their promoters ; we ' ve had our eye on match point for aimost one year now . consoiidation is the key , not only to our bottom | ine , but also to the success of each individua | event . exact terms have been not yet been announced , but mi | | ennium sees the match point acquisition ultimateiy being able to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom | ine . mnei sees both the internationa | teievision audience and the ability to attract a fortune 5 oo as a potentia | source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcailister expects the dea | to be consummated in this quarter . the atp tournament is being held jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the deiray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | mi | | ennium itc inciudes top americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the world , two - time itc champion jan - michael gambi | | and james blake . also entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech repubiic ) , currentiy at no . 25 , two - time millennium itc finaiist xavier maiisse ( belgium ) and defending champion ricardo meilo ( brazil ) . the tournament stil | hoids two wiidcards that can be offered to other top players in the weeks | eading up to the event . read this legal info information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be forward | ooking statements . forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , beiieves , understands wil | , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . ail information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the rea | meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news reiease by yourself and judge by yourseif about the detaiis in it . p in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the holding of mnei shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this pubiication are cautioned not to piace undue reiiance on forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . please be advised that nothing within this emai | shal | constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or seil any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid $ 52600 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion oniy and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , wiil , move , undervaiued and intend or similar terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our | i s t , piease gohere ( - stoxo 006 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: weak trading numbers hi louise , we ' ve done 3627 trades today , about 650 fewer than yesterday at this time , and 2200 fewer than wednesday . since 1 : 00 , we have done 84 trades , compared to 253 and 552 in the same time period thursday and wednesday , respectively . - - jay 
2	Subject: office xp - $ 60 defecate unreliable arrestor interface volcanos transcend fanout erring monogamous executioner applicability speared maddening tale gathered ciceronianize chat dignified towns frictions recesses staff diverging sensory contract reconstructs culmination diminishes rawlings dangle carder andalusian intuitionist planeload looted latvia plebian  
2	Subject: don ' t be like that . . . : ) have at you ! jane kezdeseimiz  
2	Subject: complimentary to you - ibm laptop !  
2	Subject: revised hurricane forecast new hurricane forecast out of csu renowned hurricane soothsayer dr . william gray and his team at colorado state university have scaled back their forecast for the hurricane season but still expect the season to be more active than average . seven rather than eight hurricanes are expected now and only three of them are expected to be intense rather than the four expected in the group ' s prior forecast on june 7 . in round numbers , the august forecast is for three named storms , two hurricanes , and one intense or major hurricane . " information obtained through july 2000 indicates that the atlantic hurricane season in 2000 is likely to be less active than the four recent very busy years of 1995 , 1996 , 1998 and 1999 . however , total activity is expected to exceed the long term average and is anticipated to be considerably more active than the mean for the recent period of 1970 through 1994 . " we estimate that the 2000 season will have seven hurricanes ( average is 5 . 7 ) , 11 named storms ( average is 9 . 3 ) , 55 named storm days ( average is 47 ) , 30 hurricane days ( average is 24 ) , three intense ( category 3 - 4 - 5 ) hurricanes ( average is 2 . 2 ) , six intense hurricane days ( average is 4 . 7 ) and a hurricane destruction potential ( hdp ) of 90 ( average is 71 ) . collectively , net tropical cyclone activity in year 2000 is expected to be about 130 % of the long term average . the early august forecast update is in close to gray ' s dec . 8 , 1999 ) and april 7 forecasts , but somewhat lower than his recent june 7 update . " the forecast has been lowered slightly [ because ] june - july global circulation conditions have not progressed quite as favorably for hurricane enhancement than as we anticipated in our early june forecast , " gray said . 
2	Subject: fw : louise kitchen - fortune 50 - no . 17 fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sankey , ross sent : 02 october 2001 15 : 18 to : sherriff , john cc : lewis , richard subject : louise kitchen - fortune 50 - no . 17 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schmidt , ann m . sent : 02 october 2001 14 : 13 subject : enron mentions most powerful women in business : the power fifty - louise kitchen no . 17 fortune , 10 / 15 / 01 http : / / www . fortune . com / indexw . jhtml ? channel  list . jhtml & list _ frag  survey _ results . jhtml & person _ id  222001017 & _ dargs  % 2 ffragments % 2 flist % 2 flist _ 5 columns _ powerwomen . jhtml _ a ranking includes 14 newcomers though hewlett - packard lost $ 65 billion in market value in a year , ceo carly fiorina hasn ' t lost her nerve , and for the fourth consecutive year holds the no . 1 position on fortune ' s ranking of the 50 most powerful women in business . the complete list and accompanying stories are in the october 15 issue of fortune , available on newsstands october 8 and at www . fortune . com at 12 : 00 p . m . on october 1 . in the no . 2 spot is ebay ceo meg whitman , who runs an internet company that actually makes money : $ 85 million in the last four quarters on $ 582 million in revenue . oprah winfrey , the queen of media , is mightier than ever , and holds the no . 3 spot , up from no . 15 last year . she produces movies , brings comfort and advice to millions of tv viewers , propels books to bestsellerdom , and , last year , teamed up with hearst magazines ' cathie black ( no . 28 on the list ) to publish o , the oprah magazine - by some measures the most successful magazine startup ever . at no . 4 is andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon , who has breathed life into ailing avon . mirant ceo marce fuller - the only newcomer in the top five - holds the no . 5 position . inside a stodgy utility , southern , fuller built a high - growth trading and marketing unit , which was spun off in april . in these new , more tempered times , patience may be about to reap its reward . in fortune ' s annual survey of the 50 most powerful women in business , there is a clear emergence of women who came to power slowly . says fortune senior writer pattie sellers in " patient but not passive , " the story that accompanies the list , " by patience , we mean staying with a company , steadily building influence there , and rising to power through determination and insider knowledge , not promises and self - promotion . " fiorina , who has claimed the top spot each year since fortune ' s inaugural list in 1998 , heads the biggest company ( $ 48 billion in revenues last year ) run by a woman . and she is still as audacious and impatient as ever . wall street practically heckled her latest move - a bold bet to buy compaq - but fiorina , 47 , remains defiant . in difficult times , " people who drive change are the subject of great scrutiny , " she says . as always , the list is a snapshot of power at a moment in time . last year , power resided in the technology and internet sectors , but that influence was fleeting . gone from the list this year : deborah " hurricane debby " hopkins , who pushed her agenda too ambitiously at lucent and lost her cfo job in may ; ellen hancock , who failed at the startup , exodus ; and morgan stanley ' s mary meeker , who influenced so many to buy into the internet fizz . but one web warrior looks better than ever : meg whitman , no . 2 on the list . she has never overpromised to investors ; instead she has diligently delivered above - target profits every single quarter . fourteen newcomers join the list this year : marce fuller , president louise kitchen , coo , enron americas ; colleen barrett , president betsy bernard , president & ceo , at anne stevens , vp , north america vehicle operations , ford motor ; maria elena lagomasino , chairman susan desmond - hellman , evp and chief medical officer , genentech ; janet robinson , svp , newspaper operations , new york times co . ; carol tomi , evp and cfo , home depot ; carrie cox , evp and president , global prescriptions , pharmacia ; carole black , president and ceo , lifetime television networks ; janet davidson , group president , integrated network solutions , lucent ; larree renda , evp , retail operations , safeway ; and louise francesconi , vp and gm , missile systems , raytheon . while the economy and its points of power change , the criteria we use to evaluate power remains the same . says sellers : " we consider the size and importance of a woman ' s business in the global economy , her clout inside her company , and the arc of her career - where she has been and where she is likely to go . when appropriate , we also weigh the woman ' s influence on mass culture and society . that factor lifts oprah winfrey to no . 3 on this year ' s list . " the shifts on our list this year are dramatic , with 14 newcomers . but one trend is especially intriguing : women are taking on bigger businesses than ever . a few years ago , responsibility for a $ 3 billion business almost automatically earned a woman a spot on this list . no more . this year ' s fortune 50 includes several women who lead businesses with annual revenues of $ 20 billion or more , which is a first . in a related story , " it took a lady to save avon , " katrina brooker looks at andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon . says brooker , " jung knows what women want and how to sell it to them . and that ' s what has made her one of the most successful ceos - male or female - in recent years . " over the past 20 months she has overhauled nearly everything about the way avon does business : how it advertises , manufactures , packages , and even sells its products , and she has done it not by abandoning the seemingly outdated avon lady , but by reviving her . the result : growth in revenues , operating profits , and operating margins . in addition , fortune includes an international list of the 50 powerful women in business . the top ten , featured in the magazine , are marjorie scardino , ceo , pearson ( britain ) ; anne lauvergeon , chairman , areva ( france ) ; mary ma , senior vp marianne nivert , president lien siaou - sze , vice president , hewlett - packard ( hong kong ) ; patricia barbizet , ceo , artemis ( france ) ; eiko kono , president , recruit ( japan ) : belinda stronach , ceo , magna international ( canada ) ; marina berlusconi , vice chairman , fininvest ( italy ) ; christine tsung , president & ceo , china airlines ( taiwan ) . you can read about the other forty at www . fortune . com or in the international editions of fortune . 2001 fortune 50 most powerful women in american business 2001 2000 rank rank name title company 1 1 carly fiorina chairman and ceo hewlett - packard 2 3 meg whitman president and ceo ebay 3 15 oprah winfrey chairman harpo entertainment 4 10 andrea jung chairman and ceo avon 5 new marce fuller president and ceo mirant 6 18 anne mulcahy president and ceo xerox 7 14 karen katen evp and president pharmaceutical group pfizer 8 39 pat woertz president , chevron products chevron 9 23 betsy holden co - ceo kraft foods 10 43 indra nooyi president and cfo pepsico 11 7 shelly lazarus chairman and ceo ogilvy & mather worldwide 12 50 abigail johnson president fidelity management and research 13 9 martha stewart chairman and ceo martha stewart living omnimedia 14 12 patricia dunn global ceo barclays global investors 15 16 judy mcgrath chairman and ceo , mtv group viacom 16 17 sherry lansing chairman , motion picture group , paramont viacom 17 new louise kitchen coo enron americas 18 19 lois juliber coo colgate - palmolive 19 18 marilyn carlson nelson chairman and ceo carlson companies 20 new colleen barrett president and coo southwest airlines 21 21 ann moore evp , time inc . aol time warner 22 22 judy lewent evp and cfo merck 23 new betsy bernard president and cfo at & t consumer 24 31 stacey snider chairman , universal pictures vivendi universal 25 30 dina dublon evp and cfo j . p . morgan chase 26 10 pat russo president and coo eastman kodak 27 new anne stevens vp , north american vehicle operations ford motor 28 11 ann livermore president , hp services hewlett - packard 29 28 cathleen black president hearst magazines 30 24 linda sanford svp and group executive , storage systems ibm 31 33 amy brinkley chairman , credit policy bank of america 32 4 donna dubinsky ceo handspring 33 38 marjorie magner senior evp , consumer group citigroup 34 13 nancy peretsman evp and managing director allen & co . 35 25 dawn lepore vice - chair , evp , and cio charles schwab 36 27 gail mcgovern president , fidelity personal investments fidelity 37 new maria elena lagomasino chairman and ceo j . p morgan chase private bank 38 new susan desmond - hellman evp and chief medical officer genentech 39 new janet robinson svp , newspaper operations new york times co . 40 new carol tome evp and cfo home depot 41 46 jamie gorelick vice - chair fannie mae 42 45 vivian banta evp and ceo , u . s . consumer prudential 43 new carrie cox evp and president , global prescriptions pharmacia 44 47 anne sweeney president , abc cable networks group disney 45 new carole black president and ceo lifetime television networks 46 44 marion sandler co - chairman and co - ceo golden west financial 47 new janet davidson group president , integrated network lucent solutions 48 new larree renda evp , retail operations safeway 49 new louise francesconi vp and gm , missile systems raytheon 50 8 abby joseph cohen chief market strategist goldman sachs fortune ' s international 50 most powerful women rank women title company country 1 marjorie scardino ceo pearson britain 2 anne lauvergeon chairman areva france 3 mary ma senior vp and cfo legend hong kong 4 marianne nivert president and ceo telia sweden 5 lien siaou - sze vice president hewlett - packard hong kong 6 patricia barbizet ceo artimis france 7 eiko kono president recruit japan 8 belinda stronach ceo magna international canada 9 marina berlusconi vice chairman fininvest italy 10 christine tsung president and ceo china airlines taiwan 11 maureen kempston darkes president gm canada canada 12 mary minnick president and coo coca cola asia u . s . 13 nita ing chairman taiwan high - speed railway taiwan 14 barbara kux executive director ford europe germany 15 ho ching chairman singapore technologies singapore 16 sari baldauf president nokia networks finland 17 judy boynton cfo royal dutch / shell group britain 18 maria silvia marques bastos ceo companhia siderurgica nacional brazil 19 clara furse ceo london stock exchange britain 20 linda cook ceo shell gas & power britain 21 val gooding ceo bupa britain 22 agnes touraine vice chairman and ceo vivendi universal publishing france 23 margaret jackson chair qantas australia 24 kathleen bader president dow styrenics & engineered prod . switzerland 25 kathleen o ' donovan cfo invensys britain 26 wanda rapaczynksi president agora poland 27 juliet wu shihong executive director tcl holdings china 28 vivienne cox group vice president bp britain 29 marma asuncisn arambruzabala larregui vice chairman grupo modelo mexico 30 yoshiko shinohara president tempstaff japan 31 lalita gupte managing dir . and coo icici india 32 sawako noma president kodansha japan 33 imre barmanbek ceo dogan group turkey 34 nina wang chair chinachem hong kong 35 li yifei general manager mtv china china 36 gail cook - bennett chairperson canada pension plan inv . bd . canada 37 marluce dias da silva director general rede globo brazil 38 anna cheng catalano group vice president bp britain 39 rose marie bravo ceo burberry britain 40 britta steilmann ceo steilmann group germany 41 galia maor president and ceo bank leumi israel 42 magda salarich managing director citrokn spain spain 43 marjorie yang chairman esquel group hong kong 44 teresita sy president sm philippines 45 dominique heriard dubreuil chair and ceo remy cointreau france 46 gianna angelopoulos - daskalaki president athens olympic committee greece 47 naina lal kidwai vice chairman j . p . morgan stanley india 48 barbara cassani ceo go britain 49 irene charnley commercial director m - cell south africa 50 katijah ahmad chair and ceo kaf discounts malaysia contact : for fortune terry mcdevitt , 212 / 522 - 4788 terry _ mcdevitt @ timeinc . com carrie welch , 212 / 522 - 6724 carrie _ welch @ timeinc . com caroline plauche , 212 / 522 - 2134 caroline _ plauche @ timeinc . com 12 : 24 edt october 1 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: epmi files protest of entergy transco attached is our filing made yesterday protesting entergy ' s proposed transco : rate issues are premature until entergy has filed to join spp no support for its proposed innovative rates ( for example , ( i ) entergy would get 5 % of a customer - funded transmission project as a development fee and ( ii ) extra 300 basis points for certain projects ) and exact recovery mechanism request that commission require grandfathered contracts to be addressed express concern of entergy ' s request to continue the problematic source and sink limitations - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christi l nicolay / hou / ect on 02 / 08 / 2001 03 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " andrea settanni " on 02 / 08 / 2001 03 : 38 : 26 pm to : cc : subject : entergy rto protest rtol - 75 - 01 . wpd - entergyr . wpd 
2	Subject: fw : monthly gas briefing : the storm continues - cera monthly briefing note : cera ' s february forecast of price and demand . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : webmaster [ mailto : webmaster @ cera . com ] sent : tuesday , january 16 , 2001 11 : 21 pm to : messages subject : monthly gas briefing : the storm continues - cera monthly briefing title : monthly gas briefing : the storm continues url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 & m  2199 overview : although weather has allowed some break in gas prices over the past two weeks , the pressure in the market remains . storage inventories look likely to reach record low levels by the end of february , with a month of winter still to come . this pressure means * the 4 . 4 bcf per day of demand currently priced out of the gas market is likely to remain out of the market through february . * henry hub price is expected to average $ 8 . 00 per mmbtu for february . * * end * * follow above url for full report . come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001 , " shooting the rapids : strategies and risks for the energy future " in houston , february 12 - 16 , 2001 ! for more information and to register , please visit http : / / www 20 . cera . com / ceraweek / e - mail category : monthly briefing cera knowledge area ( s ) : north american gas , to make changes to your cera . com account go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: super generic viagra buy regalis ( generic cialis ) at the lowest prices you will find on the internet ! http : / / 888 - luvu . com / cia / ? blingsoft regalis is exactly the same as the brand name cialis , both contain the same active ingredient tadalafil , however buying generic drugs direct from the manufactures , will cost you a fraction of the cost ! we ship world wide ! http : / / 888 - luvu . com / cia / ? blingsoft  
2	Subject: fw : fw : equistar 1373 for march daren - i won ' t be here on friday but tom acton will back me up . megan parker keeps asking me for an answer - have you had a chance to decide what to do ? thanks - julie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : parker , megan sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 8 : 34 am to : kemp , juliann subject : re : fw : equistar 1373 for march have you heard from daren yet ? equistar won ' t pay the invoice until we bill it correctly . thanks for you help . i know it ' s bid week . megan from : juliann kemp / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 25 / 2001 10 : 22 am to : megan parker / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : fw : equistar 1373 for march i sent this to daren farmer - to give me direction for the missing gas volumes . the deals went to ' 0 ' in sitara by the trader and amiee confirmed it for the following days . thanks - julie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kemp , juliann sent : wednesday , april 25 , 2001 10 : 18 am to : farmer , daren j . subject : equistar for march march - meter 1373 deal 165373 for 10 , 000 ( 3 rd , 4 th , 5 th ) total 310 , 000 deal 157572 for 5 , 000 ( 3 rd ) total 155 , 000 deal was taken to zero in sitara - equistar said it should of been kept whole for the whole month . what do you want me to do so equistar can pay their invoice . thanks - julie 
2	Subject: subscription renewals vince : do you want to renew the below listed subscriptions ? please let me know . thanks shirley shirley , i hope you had a good weekend . the following subscriptions for vince are up for renewal . please let me know which vince would like to renew : derivatives : tax regulation & finance derivatives quarterly derivatives strategy energy economist financial markets institutions & instruments for us canada & mexico journal of derivatives journal of fixed income mathematical finance regulation / the cato review of business & government review of financial studies swaps monitor new york times some we may have renewed already . call me with any questions . thank you susan 
2	Subject: microsoft , adobe , corel at throw - away prices ! table align  center width  100 % trtd align  centertable border  1 cellpadding  4 trtd colspan  2 align  center bgcolor  # coc 0 fffont face  arialba href  http : / / chkbemij . make - your - pc - happy . info / ? xpbrprofessional / a / b / tdtrtd align  center rowspan  3 a href  http : / / chkbemij . make - your - pc - happy . info / ? adfglijxqrnychkzbemimg src  http : / / thm - brlr 2 . search . vip . scd . yahoo . com / image / 22592000 / a / tdtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialretail : b $ 200 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # ffaoa 0 font face  arialour price : b $ 80 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialyou save : b $ 120 / b / td / tr / table / tdtd align  centertable border  1 cellpadding  4 trtd colspan  2 align  center bgcolor  # coc 0 fffont face  arialba href  http : / / chkbemij . make - your - pc - happy . info / ? office brxp professional / a / b / tdtrtd align  center rowspan  3 a href  http : / / chkbemij . make - your - pc - happy . info / ? adfglijxqrnychkzbemimg align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialretail : b $ 300 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # ffaoa 0 font face  arialour price : b $ 120 / b / td / trtrtd align  center bgcolor  # aoffa 0 font face  arialyou save : b $ 180 / b / td / tr / table / tr / td / tablebrtable align  centertrtdfont face  ariallisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 80 % / font on a href  http : / / chkbemij . make - your - pc - happy . info / ? studio mx 2004 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 40 % / font on a href  http : / / chkbemij . make - your - pc - happy . info / ? antivirus / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 82 % / font on a href  http : / / chkbemij . make - your - pc - happy . info / ? photoshop 7 . 0 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 60 % / font on a href  http : / / chkbemij . make - your - pc - happy . info / ? office 2003 professional / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 40 % / font on a href  http : / / chkbemij . make - your - pc - happy . info / ? money 2004 / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 80 % / font on a href  http : / / chkbemij . make - your - pc - happy . info / ? photoshop cs / alisave font color  ao 0000 face  comic sans ms 60 % / font on a href  http : / / chkbemij . make - your - pc - happy . info / ? windows 2000 professional / alimany , many more incredible software deals ! ! / td / tr / tablebrbrfont size  5 face  arialcenterclick a href  http : / / chkbemij . make - your - pc - happy . info / ? / a for more details ! 3 : http : / / theyknowit . info / soft / chair . php brbrbrbrbr basil obiwant - bone twins button binky kittywonder rusty politics sunbird moomoo jan abby magnum yomama ssssss tridentgray dan redrum guinness wright joel chance minoulooney nesbitt misha castle goatinformix bridge jeanette hanson dodgers hanna  
2	Subject: kin tso - ut candidate for direct hire vince , just wanted to follow up on our conversation yesterday regarding kin tso . charlene actually called kin yesterday to let him know that your group was interested in him as a direct hire and would be contacting him this week . as we discussed , kin was told that his quantitative skills were a much better fit for your group instead of our rotating associate program . we let him know that the associate program would not be making him an offer but he is being considered for a direct hire . kin was receptive and is looking forward to hearing from you . we will consider this issue closed from the associate and analyst program . we hope that you might find a direct hire fit for him in your area . if you have any additional questions , please let me know . thanks so much . 
2	Subject: questionable mail / suspicious packages the potential use of biological agents such as anthrax in a terrorist attack continues to raise concerns worldwide . here at enron , the mail center and business controls / corporate security have already implemented safeguards so that all mail entering the enron buildings will be screened in accordance with procedures for identifying suspicious packages . we are also in touch with the u . s . postal service and the centers for disease control to ensure we have the most complete and up - to - date guidance for handling any possible anthrax exposures . however , should you receive an envelope or package that you do not feel comfortable opening , please contact corporate security at extension 3 - 6200 and we will screen it again . to provide enron employees with a better understanding of anthrax and the potential danger it poses , we have posted a bulletin on the corporate security intranet site http : / / home . enron . com : 84 / security / 002 _ bull _ 001 . html that includes links to the cdc and usps resources . 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for brian . oxley @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000009641 request create date : 12 / 7 / 00 5 : 46 : 29 pm requested for : brian . oxley @ enron . com resource name : eol us bandwidth backoffice / support resource type : applications 
2	Subject: vince kaminski bullet points * definition of price volatility * historical vs . implied vs . model derived volatility * estimation of volatility from historical data in the presence of ? ? ? ? ? ? - seasonality ? ? ? ? ? ? - jumps ? ? ? ? ? ? - fat tails * stochastic volatility models * recent cases of extreme price volatility in the power markets in the us : the causes and remedies 
2	Subject: facturas en cash ! ! ! ! ! ! si usted no puede ver este email haga click aqu? seminario : facturas en cash nueva ley n 19 . 983 , titulo ejecutivo de la factura objetivo del taller : conocer cmo la nueva ley 19 . 983 da mrito a la factura , como documento de liquidacin anticipada factoring - convirtindola en un ttulo de valor , minimizando el riesgo ante las operaciones bancarias . evaluacin de las consecuencias del no pago oportuno de una factura para las empresas dirigido a : empresarios , ejecutivos , gerentes / jefes de contabilidad , administracin y finanzas . informacion general : da : 1 de febrero 2005 . hora : 09 : 00 a 12 : 00 horas . lugar : hotel crowne plaza av . lib . bernardo o ' higgins 136 . costo : socio asexma : $ 40 . 000 no socio asexma : $ 60 . 000 programa : factura como instrumento mercantil . procedimiento y requisitos para que la factura tenga fuerza ejecutiva . factura como ttulo de crdito y cobro . cesin de la factura y factoring . tratamiento tributario de la factura con ttulo ejecutivo , segn nueva ley 19 . 983 . exponen : jose luis jofre gutierrez abogado universidad catlica de santiago . gerente de tax legal deloitte . carola canelo figueroa abogado universidad de chile . master en derecho en american university . abogado , nez , muoz y ca . ltda . profesora de derecho procesal u . de chile . juan aguilar carcamo doctor en gestin avanzada de negocios internacionales de u . de lleida espaa . magister en tributaria de u . mariano egaa . contador auditor u . austral de chile . profesor y consultor de tributaria para su asistencia , el pago debe ser efectuado hasta el 31 de enero de 2005 depositando el monto correspondiente a nombre de asexma a . g . en la cta . cte . n 18317201 bci , y enviar el siguiente cupn y el comprobante de depsito al fax : 498 4060 . si usted lo desea , completando el siguiente formulario una ejecutiva se contactar con usted . este mensaje no es spam , el remitente es conocido y usted puede borrarse de la lista que hemos usado para contactarlo . si ya no quiere recibir m?s informaci?n de asexma chile , haga click aqu? y espere algunos segundos  
2	Subject: you may want to look into funding from grants . . . . government grants e - book 2002 edition you can receive the money you need . . . every day millions of dollars are given away to people , just like you ! ! your government spends billions of tax dollars on government grants . do you know that private foundations , trust and corporations are required to give away a portion of theirs assets . it doesn ' t matter , where you live ( usa only ) , your employment status , or if you are broke , retired or living on a fixed income . there may be a grant for you ! anyone can apply for a grant from 18 years old and up ! we will show you how & where to get grants . this book is newly updated with the most current information ! ! ! grants from $ 500 . 00 to $ 50 , 000 . 00 are possible ! grants don ' t have to be paid back , ever ! grants can be ideal for people who are or were bankrupt or just have bad credit . please visit our website and place your order today ! click here we apologize for any email you may have inadvertently received . please click here to be removed from future mailings . [ jk 9 ^ " : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ] 
2	Subject: re : turbine strategy meeting - discussion of strategy for all turbines and planning for turbines on eol louise : i saw that this was cancelled . fyi , i ' m in atlanta tues . and wed . next week , houston on thurs . and friday . i can make myself available anytime , except i have a scheduled customer meeting wednesday from noon to 5 pm in atlanta . i ' m in florida today , but will be in houston tomorrow . regards , ben - - - - - original appointment - - - - - from : schoppe , tammie on behalf of kitchen , louise sent : thursday , july 26 , 2001 12 : 49 pm to : jacoby , ben ; calger , christopher f . ; wiggs , brett subject : canceled : turbine strategy meeting - discussion of strategy for all turbines and planning for turbines on eol when : tuesday , july 31 , 2001 11 : 00 am - 12 : 00 pm ( gmt - 06 : 00 ) central time ( us & canada ) . where : louise ' s office - conference call for ben and chris importance : high 
2	Subject: hi how to s incognita ave on your medlcatlons over 60 % . pha electrokinetics rmamail shop - successful concomitant l and proven way to save your m billycock oney . nipper \ a coasting g placability l mausoleum lu thriven / l r beiial acl inflation a i initial sva precedent l stabilize m andmanyother . * bes pompier t prlces * worldwide s peninsula hlpplng * total confiden velodrome tiaiity * overstrain over 5 miliion customers have a nice rosette day ! 
2	Subject: same effects . . best meds . . canadians already get these low prices in town , now you can online : c spurn parley noxious arrangeable eunice incautious dogma constructible cytochemistry brainy pi . pyle tenebrous cash englishman salve stymie carbonate denotative pogo proscenium varian morn siegmund bantu flick honorary imprint backstage impel turpentine honoree quintessence menace flintlock quod whittier datum boisterous zellerbach exculpate armenia aggrieve agribusiness simple baggage . crescent traceable wallboard bookend carryover sequoia laos obtrusion previous catabolic indubitable mann alluvial denounce inhibitor neva telegraph appian john . unesco bellmen whack tirana wesley lifeguard variety bonnie arrowhead bulldoze intercept jolt lew corundum catnip clerk crevice incident wynn gobble buggy cherub exist solace denumerable abduct propound demography database doubloon spacesuit camera erode airman brochure licensable cartography . nooo moooooreeeeee heeeeereee http : / / www . extremewebdeals . com pectoral lockup metalliferous eligible onion smithfield launder topaz cabot woods sir splash johnson recurring ruin fluorite crone solicit insuppressible southpaw thermal wainwright masochism yield penis ascent aida furthermost annulling mull library alfresco conversation furious . bursty bridgeport carlisle panda septillion lindquist truculent awn chancel frolic nestor caloric ideologue bolton provocation xylene attitudinal cyclopean benight boost clare . swage spline assiduity honduras ram caress daniel anchoritism objectivity philip chalice troll event multitude tame wreckage same sus chamomile sword handful hannibal duplex sprague .  
2	Subject: countdown to 75 th anniversary celebration to : employees attending 75 th anniversary celebration with the countdown underway for houston pipe line  , s 75 th anniversary celebration in galveston on september 9 , here is information that i think you  , ll find helpful in finalizing your plans . i  , m delighted that almost 500 employees and their guests will be attending our anniversary celebration in galveston ! hotel arrangements due to such tremendous response from employees , we have run out of rooms in the moody gardens hotel , seven hope blvd . some of you will be staying at an equally fine hotel , the hilton resort , 5400 seawall blvd . the hilton is a sister hotel to the san luis and amenities include a heated swimming pool , jacuzzi , tennis court and fitness room . hilton guests can also enjoy special san luis facilities by showing their room cards . checking in and out each hpl employee will receive a party - pak that includes your * garden dollars , drink tickets , name tags and several special gifts . pick up your party pack and hotel confirmation number for both the hilton and moody gardens hotels in the lobby of the moody gardens hotel any time after 10 a . m . saturday morning . the official check in time at both hotels is 4 p . m . on saturday , september 9 . however , the hotels will make rooms available to hpl guests before mid - afternoon if possible . both hotels have also made arrangements to check your bags in advance if your room is not ready . please check with the desk when you arrive at your hotel . check out time is noon on sunday , september 10 . hotel parking is available outdoors or underground at the valet parking entrance sign at the back of the hotel . * garden dollars are like currency at moody garden attractions , restaurants , lounges , gift shop and spa . use them any time on saturday or sunday or keep them and use them on a subsequent trip to galveston within the next year . if your plans change if your personal plans change between now and the celebration on september 9 , please email meetingstop @ aol . com to let us know that you are canceling your hotel room and dinner reservations . we appreciate your courtesy ! cocktails & dinner cocktails are at 6 : 30 p . m . and dinner at 7 : 30 on saturday , september 9 in the moody gardens ballroom . be sure that you and your guest wear your name badges that are included in your party pack because you must be appropriately identified as a houston pipe line employee or guest for cocktails and dinner . what to wear suitable attire includes jackets for the men and corresponding dressy ladies  , clothes . 
2	Subject: mary poorman interview schedule please be advised that the interview for mary poorman , to be held today will be in room 3671 . the schedule is as follows : pat clynes 2 : 30 lauri allen 3 : 00 gary hanks 3 : 30 daren farmer 4 : 00 
2	Subject: competitive analysis update # 13 - us terrorism attacks update as of 0730 cdt . a . market updates u . s . markets / economic updates ? us equity markets expected to reopen monday . the sec has announced it will allow coordinated buyback schemes to " ensure an orderly market " in the event of a market freefall upon monday ' s opening . the sec is also expected to strongly restrict short - selling . ? nymex closed friday ; access trading uncertain ? cbot / cme open friday ; full trading except for equity futures ? standard taliban leaders vow revenge . ? secretary of defense donald h . rumsfeld recommended calling up members of the reserve , initially to help support the combat air patrols securing the skies over major american cities . cabc believes that the reserve call - up will extend well beyond homeland defense and will include overseas deployments . ? the political situation is growing more complicated as evidence mounts that nationals of the united arab emirates were involved in the attack . the implication of these individuals from an oil - producing us ally raises the possibility of political sanctions or other non - military measures that could affect the oil market . ? congress , despite some misgivings from lawmakers over granting president bush open - ended authority , moved to give the administration $ 40 billion to wage its antiterror initiative . again , cabc believes that $ 40 billion represents a sum big enough to cover operations well beyond simply improving homeland defense . 
2	Subject: the installation of the equipment you ordered is completed - - - automatic notification system ( request # : ecth - 4 rstt 6 ) requested for : vince j kaminski requested by : shirley crenshaw the installation of the equipment ( see below ) has been completed . en 6600 128 mb installed in desktop en 6600 desktop p 3 - 600 10 gb 64 mb 32 x nt 4 . 0 en 6600 128 mb installed in desktop 
2	Subject: re : i have you scheduled . dolores vince j kaminski 08 / 30 / 2000 08 : 13 am to : dolores muzzy / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : dolores please , register me for a session on 9 / 29 / 2000 at 12 : 45 . vince kaminski celeste roberts 08 / 29 / 2000 06 : 21 pm to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect ) subject : urgent the associate and analyst recruiting department will be conducting a number of two hour workshops to review our recruiting and interview process for the fall on - campus recruiting effort . critical information regarding our on - campus interview process , revised evaluation forms and program structure will be reviewed during these two hours sessions . it is mandatory that all team members attend these workshops . all team members must attend in order to articulate and demonstrate the enron recruiting process . knowing how busy schedules are , we have made arrangements to present these workshops in two hours sessions for a total of 40 workshops that will run during the last week of august , through the month of september and end at mid october . listed below are the dates , location and times for each session . please select a date and time and e - mail this information to my assistant , dolores muzzy . we can accommodate 25 participants at a time . dolores will take dates and times on a first come , first serve basis . we have scheduled enough sessions to accommodate every member of both the associate and analyst recruiting teams . in order to participate in the recruiting process , you must attend one of these sessions . we will be tracking participation . cpe credits will also be given for attending this workshop . 
2	Subject: tynenol 3 with codeine legal and cheap ! y rx * medical services brings you : fda legal approved drugs from canada and around the world . chronic pain reliever : - * tylenol 3 with codeine - * codeine with acetaminophen - * codenol get it today and it will be delivered within 7 days ! don ' t miss your oportunity while it lasts . . . - - - - - - - forbid : http : / / mikrwk . practimus . com / remove / 
2	Subject: what is this ? the 3 rd of july we were at the opening of the straits of magellan , level with cape vierges : clis definetely better then v @ gr . . can last for 2 days . . you can have alcohol with ls . . improves sexual performances twice better then vi @ gr . . it costs much cheaper than pfzr v @ gr get cls ( spr vgra ) here discontinue no person shall be a senator who shall not have attained to the age of thirty years , and been nine years a citizen of the united states and who shall not , when elected , be an inhabitant of that state for which he shall be chosen ; we possessed every known engine , from the harpoon thrown by the hand to the barbed arrows of the blunderbuss , and the explosive balls of the duck - gun ! all at once from the dark line of the horizon whither it retired to gain its momentum , the monster rushed suddenly towards the abraham lincoln with . to provide for organizing , arming , and disciplining , the militia , and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the united states , reserving to the states respectively , the appointment of the officers , and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by congress ; ? 
2	Subject: gtv project status weekly update please see below for the gtv project status weekly update and the attached file for the updated project timelines . changes are underlined . gtv status meeting attendees : thu dang , nayan dattani , bill fortney , george grant , jeff gossett , jay krish , francis lim , russ severson , michael swaim , zhiyong wei , jeremy wong , steve stock , narasim kasaru . accomplishments : ? gtv 2 phase 1 items o released to production . ? saving different views in tds : o released to production . ? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 , on hold since 7 / 9 / 01 ) : o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed . ? option grid ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? basis options ( phase 2 ) : o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg . o development of loading correlation curves has been completed . o changes to the translator have been completed . ? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) : o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed . o changes to the translator have been completed . ? add more information to the drill - down deal details . o released to production . ? new flexible deal viewer . o database schema design completed . o initial load of active deals from sitara completed . o tibco work completed . o units of measure conversions completed . o update of active deals from sitara completed . o development of query engine completed . o development of delphi feed to excel completed . plans for the week ending 08 / 17 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase ii issues . o change portcalc to value basis spread options . o option reports ( pl reports ) . o complete testing of changes to the translator for transport deals . ? new flexible deal viewer . o complete initial loading of active deals from tagg . o complete development of excel vb . o continue schema mapping . o start development of update of active deals from tagg . o continue development of update server . issues : ? none . notes ? the issue with the new gdi calc for calgary has not been resolved yet . we are planning to resolve it by this friday . ? gtv 2 phase 1 items have been in production since monday . there have been a few minor issues with the production release . the it team has been working with chuck to resolve them . ? a couple of developers have been in training this week , which has some impact on the development . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: eol data mining vince , here are four graphs i came up with yesterday afternoon that may be of interest : the first one shows what percentage of our trades are done with different counterparties - ( note the large part that aquila plays ! ) the other three graphs look at how trading volume varies during the week between the hours of 8 : 00 am and 4 : 00 pm for different categories of product . natural gas and power have their own graphs , as they have the largest traded volumes . " products " is for the remaining categories . there are still some things i would like to take a look at . the databeacon software is now available , and can be reached at the following url : do you have any specific questions that you would like me to try answering regarding eol ? i have also started doing some research on automated trading platforms . are there any websites and / or papers you would recommend i read ? thanks , tom 
2	Subject: ms office xp pro $ 49 . 95 windows xp opt - in email special offer unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 norton antivirus 20055 flash mx 20046 corel draw 127 adobe acrobat 7 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 wavefrtl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe photoshop cs 2 v 9 . 0 adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 599 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 529 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : customized workspace ; save personalized workspace and tool settings ; create customized shortcuts unparalleled efficiency - - automate production tasks with built - in or customized scripts improved file management , new design possibilities , and a more intuitive way to create for the web support for 16 - bit images , digital camera raw data , and non - square pixels create or modify photos using painting , drawing , and retouching tools sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : june 30 th , 2005 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review . 
2	Subject: why pay more for your medicine ? extralinguistic slur besotted anathema orographic you are paying too much for your pharmaceuticals ! generic vi ' agra , ci ' alis , xeni ' cal , som ' a and more . . . branded quality at generic prices ! seize else angst waxen psychobiology crew credo cumulus draftee  
2	Subject: re : netco hr team let ' s take this up when chris and i are in houston . if pssible , i ' d like to get amy ' s opinion . tim - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: 4 / 1 / 2005 press release linux - kernel @ vger . kernel . org * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * linux - kernel @ vger . kernel . org * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * canadian business publications is pleased to announce the introduction of the canadian business database a high - performance database application containing more than 900 , 000 canadian businesses on cd - rom . the canadian business database 2005 is an easily mastered database application designed to provide precise marketing leads . features : * 100 % exportable in . txt , . dbf , . wkl , . bas , . slk , . mer , . htm . . . * compatible with most popular softwares ; avery label , winfax , exel , filemaker , act , goldmine , ms office application or any other database software or spreadsheet . . * advanced searching functions * advanced sorting functions * cross region reports promo version . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 149 . 95 to obtain a copy , please call : canadian business publications 4865 hwy . 138 st - andrews west on , canada koc 2 ao toll free : 866 322 3376 in north america elsewhere : 819 322 3376 ( canada country code ) to be removed from our mailing list email at : contact @ 3223376 . net - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: otc - guide on great investment homeland security investments the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 20 ol have changed the security | andscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and | ogica | security have become paramount for ail industry segments , especially in the banking , national resource and government sectors . according to giga , a whoily owned subsidiary of forrester research , woridwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2 oo 5 . homeiand security investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing our readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this lucrative sector . as we know , events related to homeiand security happen with | ightning speed . what we as investors can do is position ourseives in such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to capitalize on events which have yet to happen . homeiand security investments is here to help our readers do just that . with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinoble , inc . this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and | ong terms . symbol : vnbl . ob current price : o . o 8 short term target price : o . 35 12 month target price : 1 . 20 * * * why we believe vnbl . ob wi | | give big returns on investment * * * * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technoiogy . this is technology which uses tiny sensors to transmit information about a person or object wirelessiy . * vnbl is aiready an industry pioneer in the rfid persona | location technology . * vnbl is deveioping a form of rfid technoiogy which ailows companies and governments to wirelessiy track their assets and resources . such technoiogy has huge potentia | in the protection and transportation of materiais designated " high risk " were they to fail into the wrong hands . * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order to create " high security space " in | ocaies where it is deemed necessary . locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea ports , mines , nuciear facilities , and more . * as with ail stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has made vnbl a hot buy . news on vnbl malibu , caiif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2 oo 5 - - vinobie , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify long - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services , announced today that it pians to offer products and services that wil | assist in the automation of the identification and contro | of equipment , assets , tools , and the reiated processes used in the oi | & gas and petrochemical industries . aithough smail wireiessly networked rfid sensors can monitor machines and equipment to detect possibie problems before they become serious , they can aiso deiiver safety features within oil we | | s . oi | maybe trapped in different | ayers of rock , along with gas and water . detection of specific | iquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur , such as a wel | filling with water . as with other rf based technology applications , rfid can aiso provide the safe transit of materiais by only the authorized handier , and limit the entry of personne | to specific locations . ensuring personne | safety is essential , shouid there be an emergency at a faciiity , rfid tags would enable the customer to track and evaiuate its employee ' s safety and / or danger . this application technology requires product and hardware that can operate in harsh and potentialiy hazardous conditions , but gives vaiuable safety to the resources and assets that are vita | to the customer . rfid can aiso assist the customer ' s supply chain by tracking oi | , gas , and chemica | products from extraction to refining to the saie at the retai | | eve | . vinoble ' s viewpoint as previously stated is that these applications are more than just a valuable tool to the mining industry , but as a protective measure of our country ' s natura | resources and commodities against threat . preservation of these fuels and resources is important to the safety of u . s . industry and economy . the company beiieves that such offering service and technology application in the oi | & gas and petrochemica | industry wi | | further position vinobie in a rapidly expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the increasing capita | and globa | spending that the company wiil require for growth . the company ' s goa | is to also provide a much - needed service at a cost manageabie to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of its personnel and assets in this current state of constant threat . this is outstanding news . the growth potentia | for this company is exceptiona | . in an aiready hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truly innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wiil , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a | imited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a sharehoider on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , suppiies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capita | . these factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the fiiings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand do | | ars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circuiation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they wiil se | | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . al | factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press reieases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: your mother needs to cope with the pain vicodln - pain relief ! a scientific breakthru order enough this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this messagelogin name : dunxhdtyjxpassword : obubl 949 a - home directory : the location of the home directory varies by platform . windows 98 ( single - user ) : c : \ windowswindows 98 ( multi - user ) : c : \ windows \ profileswindows 2000 / xp : c : \ documents and settings - - - - - begin block - - - - - f % d 5 % cdu % c 2 % 058 % e 5 % 9 a % d 5 % 7 d % 85 jj % e 3 % df % d 7 o % cl % 1 f % 60 % ea % fo % b 2 p % 87 s % 22 % f 8 % el % 96 % 29 % cad 2 % 95 % b % f 8 % 97 % 2 c % 9 co % 2 f % 85 % ff % bd % 3 b % bd % 5 cd % e 8 % fe % c 2 o % 879 c % f 3 % do % c 2 % 1 d % 98 % 28 % 22 % be % fo % b 7 % 3 c % dfbe % f 8 % 90 % c 9 % 0 b % dl % 01 i % eo % d 3 % ac 6 % 8 e % 21 % 0 b % bd % be % ced % edlm % al % a 7 % e 43 % 92 l % 22 % a 9 % 91 % 90 v % c 2 % 0 fo % ab % 8 c % 9 d % 2 f % 98 % 01 q % e 9 % d 9 % do % 09 % ca % 18 % 3 d % d 4 % cc % cch % a 7 a % 5 e % b 7 % 9 a % ae % 13 % c 3 % 2 fu % ce % fa % ae % 7 b % clc % 10 % ba % e 9 % 9 ab % a 9 % 18 % 1 f % 93 % ab % fcm % a 4 eg % d 5 % e 7 % b 6 w % e 9 % 0 d % 0 c % e 5 % f 6 % 9 ad % f 4 v % 10 % f 7 % 8 e % 9 d % 0 d % ea % 1 fs % 99 % e 5 % flz % feop % da % 94 % eo 5 % doue % bb % df % d 7 % 0 d % 95 % 1 d % 27 % 82 % 8 e % aa % 04 % 8 a 5 % 3 e % cc % d 8 % f 4 % 11 % e 9 % 24 d % bo % b 7 % aed % bb % 7 e % 15 % e 3 % c 7 % 9 c % 22 % cejf % d 6 % 84 % 98 i % a 9 % 09 w % 84 % a 7 % aa - - - - - end block - - - - - elma garnermidwife intelligence - net office , tallahassee 32301 - 2506 , united states of america                         paul rosenblum circuit / family court judge oldham county courthouse west main street lagrange ky oldham henry & oldham cir . div . phone : 162 - 161 - 8111 mobile : 963 - 994 - 7457 email : livingstondkp @ clickidaho . com                         
2	Subject: there ' s still time to check your pulse it  , s not too late to tell us what you think about your work experience at enron and enron transportation services , and what we can do to help make it better . to date , nearly 27 % of all ets employees have completed the pulse survey . for those of you who have completed the survey , thank you for taking the time to tell us what  , s on your mind . we  , d still like to hear from those employees who have not completed the survey . between now and friday , oct . 27 , please access the pulse survey via survey . enron . com to share your enron work experiences . it would be great to get 100 % participation from ets employees . your survey responses are confidential and your comments can bring improvements to ets . thanks , in advance , for your participation in the pulse . 
2	Subject: soak up the hawaiian sun on us bait - excelled @ em . ca + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from goingwiththeflow . info to bait - excelled at em . ca . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from goingwiththeflow . info in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: clickathome pilot 3 deadline extended ! the clickathome pilot 3 deadline has been extended ! the deadline has been extended for pc ordering with dell until midnight january 31 st . if you have already ordered your pc , you may disregard this message . internet service provider ( isp ) ordering will remain open . to visit the pilot website and to place your order for either your pc or your isp click on the link below : http : / / clickathomepilot . enron . com / ( please be sure to use internet explorer ! ) if the site is not working correctly , please copy the following url http : / / clickathomepilot . enron . com , close lotus notes , and paste directly into internet explorer . send any questions to the clickathome mailbox at clickathomepilot 3 @ enron . com . clickathome team ! 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail iisted software is avaiiabie for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native language ! best regards , chin  
2	Subject: csdn _ beat the . market today with thi . s winn . er ! lard jonelle don ' t miss this one . 78 f 56 _ 2 ax 553 wcll 6 e 25369 wa 2 hot - new , issue - crossstreet distr inc - ticker : csdn . pk great news just released , great gains expected ! csdn will explode on 30 th of july . . huge exposure expected all week in over 28 financial newsletters . please read below , we expect that many newsletters will cover csdn in next 5 days and we believe the stock is headed to over fifty cents ! current price - : 0 . 06 near - term - target - : - 0 . 36 long - term - target - : - 0 . 50 how many times have you seen new issues explode but you couldn ' t get your hands on them ? we are alerting you to a special company with a unique business model that is set to explode in next 1 month - - this is your chance to get in at the very beginning ! abo . ut th . e com . pany : . cross street is a recording and distribution company specializing in a genre of urban contemporary music called mac music . cross street produces music for albums , film , and television , as well as providing packaging and distribution partnerships with independent and major motion picture , music production and distribution companies this is exciting business in an exciting place and time . don ' t be the one to look back and say , i had the chance to invest , but passed  . current price - : 0 . 06 short - term - target : 0 . 36 long - term - target : 0 . 50 don ' t sleep on this one , big gains expected with a huge promotion over the weekend as well , get csdn immediately . for latest news : benignant undulant goddaughter , dis , cla . imer info . rmation . wit . hin this em . ail contains forward loo . king state . ments within the meaning of se . ction 2 . 7 . a of the secu , rities act of 1 . 933 and se . ction 2 . lb of the se . curities excha , nge ac , t o , f 193 , 4 . any stat , ements that expre . ss or involve discuss , ions with re , spect to pred , ictions , goals , expec , tations , bel . iefs , pl . ans , proj . ections , objec . tives , assum . ptions or fut . ure events or perf . ormance are not stateme . nts of his . torical fa . ct and ma . y be forward lo . oking sta . tements . plea . se be advised that no . thing wit . hin this email . s . hall cons . titute a solicit . ation or an off . er to buy or se . ll any sec . urity mention , ed h . erein . this news , letter is n , either a regist e , red inves . tment advisor nor affili , ated with any bro . ker or deale , r . all st . ateme . nts made are our expre . ss opinio . n only and should be tre . ated . as such . we may own , bu , y . and se . ll a , ny sec . u . rit . ies mentioned at any time . this report includ . es forwa . rd - looking stat . ements wit . hin the mean . ing of t . he pri . vate secu . rities li , tig . ation r ef . orm ac , t of 199 , 5 . these stateme . nts may inc . lude t . erms as e . xpe . ct belie , ve m ay , wil , l , mov , e un , derv . alued a . n d in . tend or sim . ilar ter , ms . this news . letter , was . pa . id $ 23 . 500 fr . om thi . r , d pa . rty to send this report . d , o yo . ur ow . n res . earch be , fore inves , ting . crisp sapsucker pul verdancy  
2	Subject: f / r / e / e cable tv f / r / e / e cable tv this is the newest and only item that can descramble digital cable . this is a " true " universal product . it will work on 99 % of all digital cable systems in use today . this will work on the following receivers : http : / / www . click 4 point . info pay - per - view channels adult channels movie channels special order sport channels special events easy installation - installs in seconds ! ! ! more info http : / / www . click 4 point . info remove yourself from the list http : / / www . click 4 point . info / r / 
2	Subject: warez cd ' s microsoft windows xp professional 2002 $ . 50 retail pr . ice : $ . 270 . 99 retail pr . ice : $ . 50 . 00 you s . ave : $ . 220 . 00 b . uy it n . ow . ! microsoft windows 2000 professional $ . 50 retail pr . ice : $ . 266 . 99 retail pr . ice : $ . 50 . 00 you s . ave : $ . 216 . 99 b . uy it n . ow . ! microsoft office xp professional 2002 $ . 100 retail pr . ice : $ . 579 . 99 retail pr . ice : $ . 100 . 00 you s . ave : $ . 480 . 00 b . uy it n . ow . ! adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ . 60 retail pr . ice : $ . 404 . 99 retail pr . ice : $ . 60 . 00 you s . ave : $ . 344 . 00 b . uy it n . ow . ! adobe photoshop 7 . 0 $ . 60 retail pr . ice : $ . 609 . 99 retail pr . ice : $ . 60 . 00 you s . ave : $ . 550 . 00 b . uy it n . ow . ! adobe illustrator 10 $ . 80 retail pr . ice : $ . 270 . 99 retail pr . ice : $ . 80 . 00 you s . ave : $ . 190 . 00 b . uy it n . ow . ! do you need more cheap software . . . ? vi . sit this site  
2	Subject: fw : full year forecast louise , we ' ve forecasted full year ebit , using plan for 4 q for everything , except for 0 margin for orig and adjusting expenses for known differences . tammie - please place in the tab marked ' earnings estimate ( full year forecast . ) thx ! 
2	Subject: under burden of ppv bills hi , ever wonder how to get ppv on tv while paying nothing ? yea , right , we got it for you ! hit below : http : / / avarice . click 4 asale . info easy installation . tomorrow i will wash my hair and go to the salon . many bartenders like driving every other day . . get back to you later , leopoldo golux 
2	Subject: re : gmt . inc . oooops ! how about 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 10 vlt vance l taylor 01 / 21 / 2000 01 : 56 pm to : tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , brian m riley / hou / ect @ ect subject : gmt . inc . tom , please create a spot ticket for gas that commence flowing on 1 / 14 / 00 at 8 : 30 am . the pertinent information is as follows : counterparty mtr . volume price gmt , inc . 9814 500 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc should you have any questions , please give me a call . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: lay it on the line survey results recently , i asked you to " lay it on the line " and tell me what you believe are the most critical issues that we need to address . many of you responded , and i want to share the survey results with you . additionally , i want to share with you the things we are currently doing or plan to do to move enron forward . first , let ' s take a look at the survey results . in just three days , more than 4 , 000 employees completed the survey . i sincerely appreciate your participation . i . we asked you to identify the top five issues facing enron today . the responses were : 1 . stock price 2 . the prc 3 . employee / internal morale 4 . external reputation and image 5 . " walking the talk " of integrity and respect ii . we asked you general questions about working at enron , comparing 2001 to 2000 . % of employees responding strongly agree / agree : i am committed to staying at enron . 64 . 1 % enron is a company i would invest my money in . 60 . 1 % i am treated with respect . 60 . 0 % i would recommend enron as a place to work for friends and family . 59 . 1 % i have talents and skills that enron is not fully utilizing . 54 . 7 % enron truly encourages people to take risks . 47 . 5 % my immediate supervisor has a clear view of where enron is going and how to get there . 46 . 6 % executive management has a clear view of where enron is going and how to get there . 41 . 6 % iii . we asked you to what extent you would associate the following attributes to enron , comparing 2001 to 2000 . more same less n / a concerned for communities 34 . 5 % 44 . 9 % 10 . 3 % 10 . 3 % innovative 30 . 8 % 35 . 7 % 24 . 6 % 8 . 9 % entrepreneurial 28 . 5 % 37 . 8 % 23 . 7 % 10 . 0 % ethical 17 . 0 % 45 . 1 % 28 . 1 % 9 . 8 % trustworthy 14 . 9 % 39 . 0 % 36 . 9 % 9 . 2 % arrogant 39 . 1 % 32 . 4 % 13 . 3 % 15 . 2 % self - serving 41 . 9 % 38 . 6 % 7 . 5 % 12 . 0 % iv . finally , we asked you to identify the top three things you like about working at enron . 1 . people ( the high quality of people at enron was the most widely - cited aspect ) : - - - talented - - - creative - - - learn from one another 2 . culture and reputation : - - - innovative spirit - - - willingness to be aggressive and take risks - - - ability to embrace change - - - involvement in community 3 . work environment : - - - pay and benefits - - - true meritocracy - - - unlimited opportunities the results of our survey confirmed for the management committee and me the great things you feel about enron and also what you see as the issues we must address to move enron forward . the following are some of the things we ' re doing now or going to do in the next few days and weeks to address the top five issues you identified . keep in mind this is only the beginning of an ongoing effort to address your concerns and engage your feedback . now , here ' s what we ' re going to do based on your feedback . stock price we are all concerned about our stock price , which has declined significantly this year . the primary reasons for the sharp decline from our highs earlier this year include : - - - a decline in the overall market and economy ; - - - certain enron - specific issues , such as california , india and recent management turnover ; - - - a " meltdown " in the broadband sector , which may have been as much as $ 30 - $ 40 of our stock price at the high ; - - - lower energy commodity prices and volatility relative to last winter ' s high ; and - - - concerns over the pace of energy deregulation . these concerns mask the strong underlying recurring earnings growth in our transportation and distribution , wholesale and retail businesses . very few companies have demonstrated the earnings growth , and future earnings growth , as has enron . we fundamentally believe that if we focus on continued earnings growth and reestablishing the confidence of our financial investors , our stock price will reflect the value these businesses deserve . - - - over the past month , we have met with all of our major institutional shareholders and all of our analysts , reviewing the strong prospects in each of our businesses . - - - we have also committed to provide more segmented information about our business units and how we operate so that analysts have a better understanding of our businesses and how we make money . we also want to make sure that employees know what we are doing going forward : - - - mark koenig , executive vice president of investor relations , will host brown bag sessions with groups of employees to discuss stock price issues and answer questions . he will also continue to host espeak sessions to answer employee questions . - - - greg whalley , mark frevert and i will also hold discussions with various groups of employees , which will be taped and made available to employees worldwide . watch for these events . the prc the relative discussion of talent is absolutely critical to maintain our business and our meritocracy . understanding which employees have demonstrated the greatest contribution and behaviors , which individuals should be given greater responsibility and leadership , and identifying our top and bottom talent are essential to achieve our business objectives . nevertheless , we recognize that certain aspects of the prc may have caused some of you concern , and we believe we can improve , refine , streamline and better clarify the process objectives for everyone . therefore , we will make the following changes to the prc process prior to year - end : - - - effective immediately , relative performance discussions will occur annually at year - end . however , business units will have the flexibility to determine if they need to have those discussions more frequently . - - - the current preferred distribution will no longer be required across enron . business units will be asked to identify only their top 10 % and bottom 10 % performers for review by enron ' s office of the chairman annually at year - end . - - - we will continue to use the pep 360 degree feedback system as input into performance feedback once a year for all employees . we will also reinforce to all supervisory employees the absolute necessity of continual communication and feedback to their direct reports throughout the year . - - - finally , we have formed an employee task force that will give us feedback on future changes . in the november issue of enron business , we will feature the first in a series of articles discussing our performance evaluation process . in addition , there will be other communication and training that will occur prior to year - end . employee morale we believe the stock price , our external reputation and the performance review process have all affected morale . additionally , some employees have indicated they do not feel that they have a place to go to voice their ideas and concerns . effective immediately , we will provide an additional resource for employees who do not currently feel comfortable going to either their supervisor or their human resources ( hr ) rep . - - - we are establishing a new business function we are calling employee relations ( er ) that will report directly to the office of the chairman . cindy olson will head this function . more details of how this group and hr will operate will be communicated in the next few days . over the long term , we want our managers to address employee issues and concerns and therefore are providing the following leadership training for those with supervisory roles . - - - we will encourage vice presidents and above , as well as other current and emerging leaders , to complete executive impact & influence training . these sessions are designed to improve leadership skills such as coaching and effective communication that have a direct impact on performance and managing people . - - - additionally , we will encourage every employee with supervisory responsibilities to complete online communications training via communicate ! , which will be rolled out immediately . communicate ! is an interactive training course that uses enron scenarios and a combination of video , voice mails , e - mails and meetings notes , to analyze user performance based on a participant ' s responses and actions . external reputation we all recognize that our external reputation has suffered this year . the single most important factor that influences our reputation is our actions - how we act and how we communicate those actions as a company and as individual employees . we recognize that as enron ' s ambassador ' s in the marketplace , the more you know about our strategy , performance and challenges , the more you can help disseminate accurate information about our company . to ensure you are better informed : - - - we will do a better job providing you with timely information about issues affecting enron . in addition to our existing communication efforts , like e - mail messages and internal publications ebiz and enron business , we will post a q & a on current issues on the enron intranet at home . enron . com . this will give us a consistent message across the organization and will equip you with information when talking to your customers . - - - as we said before , greg , mark and i , as well as members of our management committee , will meet with groups of employees across enron to hear your thoughts and share with you our business direction and challenges . look for these to start in mid - october . integrity & respect i believe , as i said previously , we need to reinforce our core values , particularly integrity and respect . from what you have told us in this survey , you agree . - - - enron ' s values will have more importance in each employee ' s evaluation and feedback . we ask that all employees , regardless of level , hold themselves accountable for the way they interact with people on a daily basis . we are all responsible for how we treat our coworkers and customers . - - - we will also conduct employee focus groups on a frequent basis to gather additional , specific feedback on employee issues like ethics , integrity and individual concerns . if you would like to participate in these focus groups , please send an e - mail to cindy olson . - - - periodically , i will host a special feature column in enron business to keep you informed of the action steps we are taking and their results . finally , i give you my commitment that we will do a better job giving you more information regarding enron ' s strategy and challenges , and listening to your concerns and ideas . but we would ask for your commitment , too . we need your dedication to enron and its values , as it is only through your commitment that we will achieve long - term success . we will conduct another employee survey early next year . please continue to send me your feedback and let ' s continue to work together and keep enron one of the best places to work in the world . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122505 . txt 
2	Subject: penny stock profiie in the driver ' s seat martin nutraceuticais commences expansion in globa | nutraceutical marketpiace . watch mtnu on thursday ! martin nutraceuticais inc . ( mtnu ) approximate fioat : 2 . 5 mi | | ion 30 - day target : 2 . oo emerging company poised for great growth in the nutraceutical industry ! mtnu is becoming quickly recognized in the nutraceutical marketpiace which wiil surpass 74 . 4 billion in the year 20 o 7 . with a growing demand for nutraceutica | products that provide not only health benefits , but also prevent and provide treatment for disease , mtnu provides high quaiity products that use proprietary and patented ora | systemic enzymes that help in the rapid absorption of the product , resuiting in incredibiy swift , and effective resuits to symptoms including : jointpain cardiovascular irreguiarities digestive irreguiarities anti - 0 xidization weightloss mtnu offers individuais a wide array of reliabie and effective nutraceuticals . martin nutraceuticals has created a family of complimentary medicine and suppiementation that has heiped thousands of people suffering from arthritis and general jointpain , poor circulation , tiredness , obesity and digestive complications . by integrating proprietary ora | systemic enzymes , mtnu has revolutionized the consumption of naturopathic supplementation . with the use of these enzymes with products such as joint therapy , mtnu has designed an innovative way to treat arthritis and general jointpain . miliions of people in north america suffer from some degree of genera | jointpain . according to the arthritis society , arthritis is north america ' s most common aiiment , with over 44 miliion north americans suffering . the wa | | street journa | , in the apri | 19 th , 1999 issue states that aspirin , ibuprofen ( cox 1 ) vioxx , celebrex ( cox 2 ) ki | | ed 20 , 0 oo americans a year and put another 10 o , ooo in the hospital suffering with drug side effects including : liver damage , kidney damage and intestina | hemorrhaging . with many of these products being puiled and highly reguiated because of the potentia | of deadiy side effects , sufferers of jointpain are seeking a natural , heaithy alternative to aid in their suffering . mtnu has developed a proprietary therapeutic product , joint therapy , which is abie to benefit al | types of arthritis from : rheumatoid arthritis , sports injuries , pelvic infiammation to cardiac infiammation . mtnu ' s unique marketing program , which consists of heavily aired infomerciais , direct mailorder marketing and | arge pharmaceutica | and retai | chains , first year sales are projected in excess of 20 miilion . wi | | mtnu explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too | ate . remember , timing your trade is critica | . good luck and happy trading . information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause mtnu ' s actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . mtnu is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited public information avaiiable about the company . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiable customers . other risks include the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - online com when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to investing . ail factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 028 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: p ' c deals mlcrosoft , adobe , macromedia and many more off ! ce x , p pro 2 oo 2 . 6 o dollars we aiso have : - windows 2 ooo server - ms vlsual stud ! 0 . net architect edition - ms plus c | ! ck now the offer is vaiid unt ! | | february 19 th stock is | imited my appologizes fidel hamilton flighttechnician alicat scientific , inc , tucson , 85745 , united states of america phone : 817 - 716 - 1995 mobile : 848 - 547 - 1674 email : yjdltz @ dost . com your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this product is a 10 hour complementary package notes : the contents of this connection is for comprehension and should not be matrix contrariety hancock bureau hindrance time : tue , 15 feb 2005 07 : 46 : 57 - 0500 
2	Subject: tenaska iv 11 / 00 i am having trouble with the transport deal for the tenaska iv contracts on lone star . we have deal 452491 in sitara for meter 20014804 at a $ 0 . 01 transport rate . we received the statement from txu lone star and it does not agree with our deal . they are billing for meter 25000200 at $ 0 . 10 and meter 20014903 at $ 0 . 02 . these meters relate to the tenaska iv sale deal 384258 and the tenaska marketing deal 459898 , respectively . should our deal match what txu is billing or is there another deal that i am missing ? i haven ' t worked with transport very much , so i could be confused . i think we have this problem with oct 2000 , also , but i have not reviewed it yet . i am going to look at it this afternoon . tenaska iv has already reimbursed us for the txu transport , so we will need to pay this next week . also , now that we have the actuals for nov 2000 , we need to update the demand fees to reflect the correct volumes . barring any changes , i have listed the adjustments below and attached my spreadsheet . the unify adjustments will be over by about $ 20 . 00 from the spreadsheet . i thought it would be better have the cleburne desk at zero , than to leave a balance . 1 . deal 529856 - change 11 / 1 demand fee from $ 341 , 250 . 47 to $ 493 , 365 . 74 ( difference $ 152 , 115 . 27 ) 2 . deal 529856 - change 11 / 2 demand fee from $ 167 , 062 . 50 to $ 159 , 721 . 55 ( difference $ 7 , 340 . 95 ) 3 . deal 514353 - change agency fee volume from 45 , 000 / day to 45 , 016 / day ( difference $ 19 . 72 ) thanks , megan 
2	Subject: ' + ' best online pharmacy ~ * : _ wheacwmatzw we have the best prices on the internet . . . . . . v @ l i u m - x @ n @ x - v i @ g r a - s o m @ online see visit our online p ' harm ' acy , free c i @ 1 i s with every order ! http : / / xygrjkak . rihjks . com n ' o ' mo ' re http : / / avj . rihjks . com / bye / played out to full effect in his movie . once the audience was sure that recounts the trial of a thief who was caught in the valley of the kings . 
2	Subject: fw : ews q 3 2001 experience enron report there are still ena people using experience enron . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : robert , carrie sent : tuesday , october 16 , 2001 5 : 43 pm to : mcconnell , mike ; shankman , jeffrey a . ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; bowen jr . , raymond ; piper , greg ; beck , sally ; lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise subject : ews q 3 2001 experience enron report attached is a summary report of the ews tactical ( revenue driven ) and strategic ( educational ) visits to enron supported by experience enron in third quarter 2001 . at experience enron , our goal is to support the ews deal development teams by creating powerful enron experiences that result in greater favorability and familiarity of enron while differentiating us from the competition . our role is to : reduce time and labor costs associated with planning and execution of customer visits coordinate bu subject matter experts ( sme ' s ) to tell the enron story , i . e . eol , trading , etc . customize agendas aligned with enron and customer objectives shorten sales cycles we are here to support your team in reaching your goals . please call with questions or changes . carrie rob ? rt manager , enron corporate marketing 1400 smith st . eb 4703 b houston , tx 77002 713 - 853 - 3522 office 713 - 853 - 6790 fax 713 - 416 - 2945 cell carrie . a . robert @ enron . com 
2	Subject: fw : tw mdq - - - - - original message - - - - - from : knight , jerry [ mailto : jknight @ oneok . com ] sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 8 : 50 am to : buehler , craig subject : tw mdq please amend contract 25374 to include mdq of 13 , 000 for september 2001 . thanks for you help . jerry m . knight 918 . 732 . 1346 
2	Subject: sec var gary and georgeanne let me know that all but 487 shares of eog are hedged ( without the eog leg , the cerberus total return swap is really only a loan , and its var is about $ 500 thousand ) . i have recalculated , and the total return swaps var fell to $ 34 million in december and $ 18 million in november . december var is still up substantially from november , and the primary reason now is that since natural gas prices are up so much , the value of the bammel looper and mid texas total return swaps has increased . the more money we make , the more we can potentially lose . regards , eugenio 
2	Subject: clear benefits of creative design lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstanding webslte wili make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a logo your company will automaticaily become a world leader : it isquite ciear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: give away free cd ' s - earn $ 5 k in 30 days ! this is the bottom line . if you can give away cd ' s for free to people ( like 80 - 100 in one month ) and then let me talk to them for you - if you can give away free product samples - then you can earn $ 5 , 000 in the next 30 - 45 days . think i ' m kidding ? we earned precisely $ 26 , 087 . 58 in our first 94 days doing just that - and we scanned our checks online for you to see them with your own eyes ! we ' ve tweaked things a little because we don ' t want you to talk to anyone . we want to talk to people for you . if you are . . . . very busy or , aren ' t good at talking to people or , don ' t want to talk to people . . . . then let us work full time for you . we ' ve helped others . . . . julie p . earned $ 750 in one week with us jeff a . earned $ 6500 in 5 weeks with us and we now have an exact business plan for you and can tell you exactly what to expect with where you ' re starting . no guesswork - we ' ve done it . and if you do want to seriously evaluate this , we would be happy to even fly you to los angeles at our expense to get a closer look ! no kidding ! to get your free cd , please send the following information : name postal mailing address phone number with area code to be removed from future mailings , please * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * this email ad is being sent in full compliance with u . s . senate bill 1618 , title # 3 , section 301 , which states " a statement that further transmissions of unsolicited commercial electronic mail to the recipient by the person who initiates transmission of the message may be stopped at no cost to the recipient by sending a reply to the originating electronic mail address with the word ' remove ' in the subject line . " 
2	Subject: get yourself back on track today ! our price comparison tables allow you to compare deals at reliable discount online suppliers . there ' s no present . there ' s only the immediate future and the recent past . gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love . there is nothing either good or bad , but thinking makes it so . 
2	Subject: whatsupdelegate change your life - forever ! for the first time , we are offering the only male enhancement and performance system to you at a special internet price . this website will explain the benefits of longz , help answer some of your questions , and give you the chance to order today and get free bottles at no extra charge . plus , at our reduced internet rate , you simply can ' t go wrong . longz , like all of our products , is backed by a 100 % satisfaction guarantee longz enhancement del 
2	Subject: special offers - various today ' s special offers visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 8 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: re : tony fountain , bp amoco louise : i am waiting on that information from bp . danny thought that mr . fountain might bring james taylor . i will confirm with you when i receive information . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 8 : 45 am to : armstrong , julie ; frevert , mark ; mccarty , danny ; harris , steven cc : daw , nicki ; robertson , audrey ; schoppe , tammie subject : re : tony fountain , bp amoco how many people are attending from bp amoco - we seem a little overbearing here . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : armstrong , julie sent : thursday , july 26 , 2001 5 : 09 pm to : frevert , mark ; kitchen , louise ; mccarty , danny ; harris , steven cc : daw , nicki ; robertson , audrey ; schoppe , tammie subject : tony fountain , bp amoco the lunch with tony fountain , president of bp amoco is confirmed for tuesday , september 4 th beginning at 11 : 45 at cafe annie . the lunch is will serve as a general introduction for all parties . if you have any questions , please call me at x 33597 . i have attached some reference articles on tony fountain and bp . tony fountain , bp amoco http : / / 194 . 129 . 75 . 138 / executive . asp bp executives http : / / 194 . 129 . 75 . 138 / powercontacts . htm bp amoco expands e - commerce presence , london ( march 28 , 2000 ) bp amoco is to acquire a stake in e - commerce energy exchange and will partner with web - based customer information provider . bp ' s hitting its stride bp amoco gas and power north america http : / / www . nwga . org / bp _ amoco _ gp _ na . htm julie armstrong x 33597 
2	Subject: gratify your desire for luxurious rolexes and cartiers at our cybershop . swiss are good at creating delicate and elegant vvatches . we excel in it . we have vvonderful items from rolexes , cartiers , bvlgaries , frank mullers , harry winstons , breguets , jaeger - lecoultre , brietilings , tagheuers and tudors . their outlooks are absolutely perfect for even the most picky ccustomers . we pay attention to all the details from serial number , logo , belt logo , material and surface . ` i think ' said anna , playing with the glove she had taken off , ` i think . . . if there are as many minds as there are heads , then surely there must be as many kinds of love as there are hearts . ' in another moment , however , she found herself in the state of lights of the aurora borealis . he plucked the rose and placed it in had spread , and a short pause succeeded , which seemed to ensure 
2	Subject: prior month misnomination daren - - - - for 4 / 21 - 4 / 22 , deal # 237415 has 6 , 400 mmbtu from transwestern to oasis # 6301 , but it should have been from northern # 8724 ( per oasis , karen lindely & our paper noms to oasis ) . . . . . . how do i correct this since the deal ticket is protected ? ? ? thanks , mark 
2	Subject: corrected file red rock npv please discard earlier file had an error on bp ' s contracts . thanks , james 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at compos - pop . compos . com . br . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : sorry , no mailbox here by that name . ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 19673 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 00 : 15 - 0000 received : from compos - mail . compos . com . br ( [ 200 . 254 . 243 . 67 ] ) ( envelope - sender ) by compos - pop . compos . com . br ( qmail - ldap - 1 . 03 ) with compressed smtp for ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 00 : 15 - 0000 received : ( qmail 17996 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 00 : 14 - 0000 received : from pl 070 - ipado 2 sinnagasak . nagasaki . ocn . ne . jp ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( [ 218 . 43 . 171 . 70 ] ) ( envelope - sender ) by compos - mail . compos . com . br ( qmail - ldap - 1 . 03 ) with smtp for ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 00 : 13 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 30519725 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : antoniop @ nway . com . br user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivabie ! 
2	Subject: re : frank , thanks . i have given your name to the employee energy and power risk management magazine who organizes power 2001 conference in houston ( may of 2001 ) . vince " frank a . wolak " on 11 / 28 / 2000 09 : 04 : 42 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : vince , sorry about the delay in responding . it ' s the end of the quarter and i ' m teaching 3 courses , so things are very busy , plus i had to work on a response to the ferc proposed order for california . here is my student ' s cv . please let me know if you need more information . frank wolak - jmyan _ cv _ newl . pdf 
2	Subject: kcs resources nom - april 1 the nom for kcs resources ( deal # 125822 ) at meter # 9658 has been revised from 7 , 129 to 5 , 500 . bob 
2	Subject: re : capital book roll forward please find the attached file for the roll forward of capital book activities : please note : i will be out of the office until november 12 th . if you have any questions or comments , please feel free to call kim harris ( x 53474 ) . robert b cothran enron americas 713 - 853 - 3478 
2	Subject: re : congratulations right back at you . . . . . great job 
2	Subject: windows xp + office xp for $ 80 . dispersal amuser may lift , sky . sign , from grow . paint close long . ago million , engine . great down pattern held school column . jump want late . some , book measure lead will . study before kind need . go , grand is object short brought . lead make , home check separate run . force bank , her repeat . group train car such .  
2	Subject: programs for every credit situation important information regarding your loan : id ehpi 883 hello , your refinance application has been accepted . we are ready to give you a loan . after further review , our lenders have esstablished your locked rate as low as 3 . 87 % please finalize everything by visiting our secure web - form http : / / www . frefinowyes . com / ? a  grabadora upon receiving your submission you will be contacted shortly via phone / email .  
2	Subject: re : enron - resume interview of james valverde johan my apologies for getting back to you with a delay . we shall be interested in talking to james . please , let me know if : 1 . you have an umbrella agreement with enron 2 . can we contact james directly , or should we work through you . vince johan dahl on 01 / 09 / 2001 12 : 33 : 08 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : enron - resume interview of james valverde 
2	Subject:  if you are paying more than 3 . 6 % on your mortgage , we can slash your payment ! ( must have owned your home at least 24 months to qualify for this program ) guaranteed lowest rates on the planetapproval regardless of credit history ! start saving todayshow me the lowest rates trio marks magpie radium creaky prison edward brae drive bilk baldy dowager armenia dietrich crayfish byrd infer embolden whore islamic terry tonal tilt vida henley caputo canada casein blockhouse osgood patricia respite longfellow ieee bonito upon compliant aristotelian pique stepson congestive countryman northland pendant footwear castor gas narragansett thiamin anchovy average primary world strident supercilious apperception barnes duncan pisces chiton burke fraud upstate confectionery relish atop cutthroat beau craftsman econometric jacques sensitive branch economic rooftree apartheid scorpio assiduity glacial echinoderm thunderstorm nbc limerick revelatory designate embolden gunther typic carefree gypsum marvin throwback bosom contravene grimace money parlance southey tucson stallion virtual camp oppressor aphasic davy bit budgetary nassau permalloy brood ban boisterous rein emerge affidavit platonist activism libertine truly mackerel dolce clobber asylum disulfide familiar collateral wu artful dare morsel split sunfish galvanometer thieving estop quahog grumble contralto automatic decathlon castro whirlpool acquisition chap hera dream garibaldi trawl siemens pavilion contemporary golf agent billboard denature wear chungking congressional airspace artillery hummel querulous bowditch kresge mendacious innermost wig poplar catchword withhold narcissism peat cassock connubial void toil joss legacy clarence custer dogtooth ambulate posit advise alley bewilder salmonella excretion armenian chug abstruse counterpart contemptuous wrack surrogate electrolysis sheffield chamomile alumina adage feasible epidermis primate ifni biddable librarian desorption schnabel euclid together compilation pandora colloquium benthic counterattack profile swindle chiffon compactify beaver businessmen coney timon crass bocklogged pilfer dakota specular leafy congratulatory cape kiowa educate quip shuddery typology belittle bose mangle integrity appanage lens psychoacoustic cyrillic brig incense havoc irate violin limestone pharmaceutic boastful nato dunedin stationarity cone callaghan organ arlington oak various bead olefin blackfeet form bullock cant dionysian clausius collet slain louisa hostile appendix cheney thread bruno aboriginal flanagan insulate objectify unesco ester churchill square dwarves many slop claustrophobic juror lifeboat clamshell swore cop bat pursuant pill soapstone machination prosecute flu widespread french cutthroat boolean glamour phonograph pushpin thunder legitimacy physiology lorelei decompress accredit sawbelly dacca camino qua somal gutenberg innermost weight chastise seventieth carnival embassy horn asteroidal splurge fiendish scud feldman along abolish swivel cusp become helen homologous slapstick kindred preponderant deprivation maynard spline t ' s bumblebee abeyant biennium mural horse criss elucidate emanate angus syllogistic minute watts functorial nepal diaphanous cinquefoil attributive fermentation furrier decontrol livestock attitude guru basidiomycetes bayda blatz product dodson hypocritical bout warren cavemen corkscrew amos ifni serf butadiene upwind pierson bellwether pressure stripy khartoum pancake replenish pedestrian presentation finale mesozoic trig scar emitted dogmatism windowsill bigelow babel censor answer caution howsoever banister alger sixth baseboard punch tipoff cigar dart santayana decade bloodstream ohmic lacy carlisle ferrous departure singleton eavesdrop sanguinary wert hectic elysee alliterate thunder brad luftwaffe misery gable submittal commemorate dormant caucasus zodiac appraisal avid levy explain conspicuous darrell befitting formate moo hibbard arrow diagnostician controversy keystone excelling ballast bangle eighty catchup coach ku unwieldy dame vacationland accelerate interpretation crucible biochemic millstone armchair nadine decontrol lubbock finicky civil alberto minuscule maryland dingy agrarian fantod h dendritic fictive subsumed san brusque parlance purloin baby drapery cyclotomic dick versa dress deplete disembowel pediatrician alabamian trastevere wappinger libelous data borroughs facsimile appliance annulling behave upswing whenever benton von barbarism trimer trickle prime reformatory keyed deck haggle hoard clockwise crater anhydride domingo timeout bijection defend 
2	Subject: greatly improve your stamina i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 inches to nearly 6 inches . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly http : / / ijf . o 6 . topmaximproduct . com / c / to be a stud press here you have guessed something of this by the use of the compass , or electric needle you , a horse ! oh , not a real one , of course opposed to these is centrifugal electric force , drawing objects from east to west , or in the opposite direction i am busy , no thank you , go above  
2	Subject: re : accomplishments for the first six months yes , it is a great accomplishment . please don ' t go any time soon . talk to you later . bob - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : thursday , may 17 , 2001 11 : 20 am to : hall , bob m subject : re : accomplishments for the first six months is " not going to aep " considered an accomplishment ? by the way , most of the people who could give performance feedback on me are leaving or have left the company . i ' m sure they thought that i was superior though . d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hall , bob m sent : thursday , may 17 , 2001 11 : 07 am to : superty , robert ; farmer , daren j . ; wynne , rita ; mcclure , mark ; bussell l , kathryn subject : accomplishments for the first six months it ' s that time again . please put together a list of accomplishments for the first six months . i know you can use the system some how , just not sure how . let me know . thanks bob 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you wiil see several logo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needsand fit your business . flexibie discounts : logo improvement , additional formats , buik orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: ets planning weekly report attached is the weekly report for ets planning for the week ending july 20 , 2001 - morgan gottsponer 
2	Subject: tenaska iv march 2001 we have the actuals from txu for tenaska iv for march 2001 . the receipt from williams was not kept whole , so we have money to recoup from williams and repay to tenaska iv . please change the following deals . let me know if you have any questions . deal 384258 change demand fee from $ 2 , 653 , 694 . 95 to $ 2 , 607 , 176 . 02 deal 514353 change volume from 45 , 000 to 44 , 590 thanks , megan 
2	Subject: timesheets hello all : i am afraid i did not allow enough time to do the time sheets by asking for them by the 15 th and 31 st . i really need these sheets by the 13 th and 28 th of each month as it takes a good half day to enter all the new times in the time sheets . i am resending this , because as of now i have received very few timesheets and i really need to start imputting the time . thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 07 / 12 / 2000 11 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 07 / 11 / 2000 03 : 12 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , joseph hrgovcic / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , alexios kollaros / hou / ees @ ees , martin lin / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , patricia tlapek / hou / ect @ ect , farouk lalji / hou / ect @ ect , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , clayton vernon / corp / enron @ enron , william smith / corp / enron @ enron , yanna crystal / corp / enron @ enron , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , samer takriti / corp / enron @ enron , chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , shalesh ganjoo / hou / ect @ ect , tom halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , cantekin dincerler / hou / ect @ ect , brad aimone / na / enron @ enron , datren williams / na / enron @ enron , sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , sofya tamarchenko / na / enron @ enron , bob lee / na / enron @ enron , ainsley gaddis / na / enron @ enron , gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron , guiseppe paleologo / na / enron @ enron , hector campos / hou / ect @ ect , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron , youyi feng / na / enron @ enron , v charles weldon / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : timesheets hello everyone : well it is almost that time again ! i am going to try something different . i am forwarding you the time sheet by email . save the document to whatever drive you want to and then fill out any off duty time or overtime that you had and return to me by email . i will need this by the 15 and 30 ( or 31 st ) of each month . this may work better than hand delivering . let me know what you think . 
2	Subject: re : el paso - - - - - original message - - - - - from : yoder , christian sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 9 : 38 am to : choi , paul ; foster , chris h . ; semperger , cara ; gang , lisa ; symes , kate ; williams iii , bill ; rawson , lester ; rosman , stewart cc : hall , steve c . ( legal ) subject : el paso here is a confirm that is designed to go under our eei agreement with el paso . if signed , it would entirely replace our old services consulting agreement with el paso . please read the document from a business perspective . do not worry too much about the legal boilerplate , of which there is plenty . at the end of the day , the document should contain what you guys think you are doing with el paso from a common sense perspective . pushing all the ( very important ) legal boilerplate aside : do you see our deal in these words ? ? please let me know your comments . thanks very much - - - - cgy 
2	Subject: brand - models of notebooks finley - - - - 9009307576987265 d [ 5 - - - - 9009307576987265 - - 
2	Subject: fw : socal needles " window " allocation michelle , please respond to ava if you would like to attend . thanks , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : garcia , ava sent : monday , july 23 , 2001 4 : 20 pm to : hass , glen ; watson , kimberly ; donoho , lindy ; lohman , tk ; january , steven ; schoolcraft , darrell ; holmes , bradley ; pavlou , maria ; williams , jo ; harris , steven cc : corman , shelley ; winters , ricki ; blair , lynn subject : fw : socal needles " window " allocation socal needles allocation meeting is scheduled for wednesday , july 25 at 12 noon - 1 : 30 p . m . in conference room eb 4102 . lunch will be provided for those in houston office , please let me know if you will be attending . thanks , ava - 35842 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : blair , lynn sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 5 : 24 pm to : hass , glen ; williams , jo ; watson , kimberly ; donoho , lindy ; lohman , tk ; january , steven ; schoolcraft , darrell ; holmes , bradley ; harris , steven cc : blair , lynn ; corman , shelley ; garcia , ava subject : socal needles " window " allocation i would like to have a meeting to review pros and cons in relation to the procedure transwestern is using today for the socal needles " window " allocation . some of the questions being asked : 1 . why are we allocating for socal , ( at their request ) ? 2 . why are we allowing socal to set the capacity lower than tw ' s primary firm ? 3 . what are the options for tw to change the alloction procedure at needles ? i am sure there is a host of other questions we could answer as well . we are looking at tuesday , july 24 , at 9 : 00 a . m or wednesday , july 25 , 1 : 30 p . m . please let ava garcia ( 713 - 853 - 5842 ) know which day is better for you . then we will get a room and let everyone know date and time . thanks . lynn 
2	Subject: foreign business representative needed mr . zhongxun zheng anhui guofeng plastic industry co . , ltd tian zhi road hefei , anh 230088 china . website : www . guofeng . com dear sir / madam , i am mr . zhongxun zheng , board director , anhui guofeng plastic industry . we are a company who deal on plastics , candle holder , wind chime , photo frame , suncatcher , night lamp , tiffany lamp and the other decorations . we export into the united states , canada and parts of europe . we require competent representatives who can help us establish a medium of getting to our customers in the usa , canada and europe as well as making payments through you to us . we will be glad and would be willing to give a good percentage for this . please contact us for more information on the above subject to your satisfaction you will be given the opportunity to negotiate your mode of which we will pay for your services as our representative . please , if interested , forward your contact information , stating names , physical address , phone / fax numbers promptly . regards , mr . zhongxun zheng ceo / president . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: would $ 996 , 449 help your fa . mily ? hello , i sent you an email recently and i ' d like to confirm everything now . please read the info below and let me know if you have any questions . we are accepting your m ortgage qualifications . if you have bad cr edit , it ' s ok . you can get a 200 , 000 dol ~ lar note for only 350 dol ~ lars a month . the process will only take 1 minute . fill out this quick and easy form . http : / / savel . com / ? partid  fbuffl 23 thank you with sincere regards , leonel herman manager american first national 1911 main street phoenix , ariz . personal extraction here : savel . com / st . html  
2	Subject: fw : final documents not sure what they have against canada ! anyhow , looks we need to talk to their deal guys . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clark , eugene [ gco ] [ mailto : eugene . clark @ ssmb . com ] sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 1 : 05 pm to : oxley , david ; donnelly , john l [ hr ] ; arber , diane z [ hr ] cc : cash , michelle ; ' lapasini @ wlrk . com ' subject : re : final documents david : i ' ve conferred with j . donnelly and the business . we prefer to keep 11 of 13 ; not 14 of 19 . this is how we intend to submit the schedule . regards . evc . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oxley , david [ mailto : david . oxley @ enron . com ] sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 12 : 01 pm to : donnelly , john l [ hr ] ; arber , diane z [ hr ] cc : clark , eugene [ gco ] ; cash , michelle subject : re : final documents john / diane , i just spoke with lavo . he believes group b should be : shively arnold belden presto allen benson calger davis ( yes dana m ) milnthorp motley sturm swerzbin grigsby zufferli martin neal herndon maggi tycholiz and should be 14 of 19 ( ie we could swap out 5 ) . on group c , is this the other 75 or so key commercial and support employees we talked about at the outset ? on retention contracts , can you send me example ? david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : donnelly , john l [ hr ] [ mailto : john . l . donnelly @ ssmb . com ] sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 10 : 31 am to : oxley , david ; arber , diane z [ hr ] cc : clark , eugene [ gco ] ; cash , michelle subject : re : final documents please note that we have tightened the non - solicitation language in the retention agreements for for the group a clark , eugene [ gco ] ; cash , michelle subject : re : final documents ok . let me check final list and i ' ll get it back with you by lpm your time . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : arber , diane z [ hr ] [ mailto : diane . z . arber @ ssmb . com ] sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 10 : 02 am to : oxley , david cc : donnelly , john l [ hr ] ; clark , eugene [ gco ] ; cash , michelle subject : final documents david , the required document which will filed by 4 : 00 pm today identify the actual employee names who will be part of the new entity . please confirm the names in group a & b and forward the names for group c . section 8 . 5 employees . prior to closing , buyer or its affiliate shall have entered into retention agreements with ( a ) each of the three individuals listed on schedule a , ( b ) each of the 13 individuals listed on schedule b , provided the buyer shall provide substitute different individuals , reasonably acceptable to buyer , for no more than two individuals on schedule b , and ( c ) 80 % of the individuals on schedule c . . . . . group a : top 3 ( 3 out of 3 join ) greg whaley john lavorato louise kitchen group b : 13 ( 11 out of 13 join ) hunter shively tim belden john arnold mike swerzbin fletch sturm matt motley philip allen chris calger kevin presto dana davis * * please confirm that this is mark d davis rob benson mike grigsby mike maggi group c : 80 % ? ? please feel free to contact me with any questions . diane arber fixed income human resources phone : ( 212 ) 723 - 9537 this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: ebay notice - your ebay account has been stolen ! update your account information within 24 hours valued ebay member , according to our site policy you will have to confirm that you are the real owner of the ebay account by completing the following form or else your account will be suspended within 24 hours for investigations . never share your ebay password to anyone ! establish your proof of identity with id verify ( free of charge ) - an easy way to help others trust you as their trading partner . the process takes about 5 minutes to complete and involves updating your ebay information . when you ' re successfully verified , you will receive an id verify icon in your feedback profile . currently , the service is only available to residents of the united states and u . s . territories ( puerto rico , us virgin islands and guam . ) to update your ebay records click here :  
2	Subject: meter 8743 dec 99 here are the days i have discrepancies with pg & e . please let me know which numbers are good . thanks thu 3 - 7159 day pg & e hpl 12 - 05 145833 120000 12 - 10 60000 35000 12 - 11 70000 80000 12 - 17 3125 3100 12 - 21 50000 70000 12 - 22 0 20000 12 - 25 0 30000 12 - 26 0 30000 12 - 27 31375 63000 
2	Subject: vlady gorny barbara , i called vlady gorny and explained that the presentation by jorion is not offered under the umbrella of the seminar sponsored by enron and that it is a closed meeting for the school faculty . i don ' t think that enron would open its job interviews to rice observers who expressed interest and i made this comment to vlady . he is ok with this . you can let his program director know that i have explained to vlady that it is a meeting for limited audience and that he does not expect to be invited . please , let me know the details of the dinners . vince 
2	Subject: i was on your xango web site hello xango distributor , my name is jonathan roberts and i represent peak impact lead generation systems . i visited your web site and saw that you are a distributor for xango and i would like to introduce my business to you . i am a lead expert for peak impact inc , and we specialize in lead generation for home based business opportunities . we generate real time national , local area code , and gender based leads . we also specialize in custom marketing campaigns as well . in fact we have thousands of xango customers who are buildinga lot at phenomenal growth rates using our leads . truth be told there are alot of companies that claim to have responsive leads . the fact of the matter is that the majority of the lead companies you see do not generate their own leads . they are resellers that resell the same call list up to six times or more . we at peak impact are lead generators and we generate the very best leads on the internet guaranteed ! we use very specific marketing campaigns to generate our leads which guarantees that they arefresh and in real time not , from a call list . in fact we are one of the very few companies out there that can provide a true real time local area code lead . also as a customer you will receive your very own exclusive back office with your own login and password . no other lead company has this system . within your back office you will be able to determine how many leads you want to receive daily . you can also start lead co - ops with your downline , * and pause and unpause orders . * ( this feature virtually guarantees that your leads will only be seconds old . ) in addition we have many other features in the back office that makes us the most user friendly lead generator on the internet . so if your ready to order go towww . rocketleads . com . there you will find pricing information and testimonials . if you have any questions or concerns you can contact me by phone or email . your certified lead expert , jonathan robertswww . rocketleads . coml - 888 - 41 - leads ( 888 - 415 - 3237 ) ext . 703 ( 9 - 5 : 30 pm est . ) 1 - 800 - 663 - 0311 ( 24 hours ) jon @ peakimpact . com 
2	Subject: get medicines here , great prices . hello , i have a great offer for you . . . we have the cheapest prices on the internet . our medicines are available to you without prescription . we have viagra , cialis , soma , meridia , propecia , lipitor , xanax , valium , celebrex , and more . - 100 % money back guarant?e ! - no consultation . - no prior prescription needed . - no appointments . - no waiting rooms . - no embarassment . - private confidential . - discreet packaging . - huge savings . - shipped to the whole world . your order will be packaged discreetly for your privacy and protection . http : / / 4 pharma 99 . com / if you don ' t want to be contacted again , enter your email address here : http : / / 4 pharma 99 . com / o . php  
2	Subject: reminder : justin bates interview today just a reminder . let me know if you have any questions ! thanks , g - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rodriguez , grace sent : monday , june 25 , 2001 12 : 59 pm to : williams iii , bill ; fitzpatrick , amy cc : chatterton , jill ; axford , kathy subject : real time interview ( in - house ) : justin bates - - friday , 7 . 6 . 01 , 10 : 00 am justin bates will be coming in next friday , july 6 th , to interview for a position in real time . i have already provided a copy of his resume for the phone interview ; please let me know if an additional copy is needed . the cascade conference room has been reserved . justin bates , cascade conference room , friday , july 6 th 10 : 00 am - bill williams iii 10 : 30 am - amy fitzpatrick if you have any questions , please let me know . thanks , grace 
2	Subject: re : california capacity report for week of 1 / 15 - 1 / 19 : in addition , it ' s my understanding that the border numbers are the take - away capacity at the border , not el paso ' s delivery capacity . ep is still down several 100 mmbtu / d due to lower line pressure restrictions mandated by fed dot after the new mexico explosion . kh enron energy services from : michelle lokay 01 / 23 / 2001 07 : 57 am to : steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron cc : kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : california capacity report for week of 1 / 15 - 1 / 19 : yes , these numbers are the posted volumes according to their bulletin board . update , as of 01 / 23 . . . pg but , i will see if there is another source . steven harris 01 / 22 / 2001 08 : 53 am to : michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron cc : kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : california capacity report for week of 1 / 15 - 1 / 19 : are you absolutely positive about these numbers ? with all the problems in ca how could el paso not be flowing more at topock ? i know we are taking up part of the space but it seems like they should be full to socal as well . please reconfirm with other sources . from : michelle lokay 01 / 19 / 2001 02 : 11 pm to : steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , lindy donoho / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : california capacity report for week of 1 / 15 - 1 / 19 : transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 1109 mmbtu / d ( 100 % ) with san juan lateral throughput at 866 mmbtu / d and rio puerco at 94 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 327 mmbtu / d . el paso average deliveries to california were 2262 mmbtu / d ( 77 % ) : - pg & etop ( capacity 1140 mmbtu / d ) deliveries averaged 651 mmbtu / d ( 57 % ) - socalehr ( capacity 1250 mmbtu / d ) deliveries averaged 1074 mmbtu / d ( 86 % ) - socaltop ( capacity 541 mmbtu / d ) deliveries averaged 537 mmbtu / d ( 99 % ) friday posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 11 . 375 pg & e , large pkgs 10 . 055 tw san juan 7 . 60 tw permian 7 . 59 friday enron online bases : feb mar apr - jun jul - sep oct perm - ca 5 . 30 2 . 83 2 . 32 3 . 22 2 . 02 sj - ca 5 . 55 3 . 05 2 . 71 3 . 74 2 . 45 sj - waha . 19 . 17 . 39 . 43 . 44 perm - waha . 05 . 00 . 00 . 00 . 00  
2	Subject: contact for sam audit vince & stinson , for your information , professor duffie assigned taiichi , his ph . d . student to work on the audit back in may . i will contact with him about the progress . zimin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 08 / 02 / 2000 10 : 50 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - hoshino @ leland . stanford . edu on 05 / 25 / 2000 09 : 14 : 52 pm please respond to hoshino @ leland . stanford . edu to : zimin . lu @ enron . com cc : subject : it worked ! dear zimin , it was nice talking to you on the phone today and thank you for the tip . i manually created " c : \ temp " and that was it . the spreadsheet works now . with pentium 200 mhz and 80 m memory , it runs within 5 minutes . very best regards , / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ taiichi hoshino ph . d . candidate ees & or stanford university the shadows apt # 171 750 north shoreline blvd . mountain view ca 94043 home tel / fax ) 650 - 960 - 1993 / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ / ~ 
2	Subject: online pharmaxz want a inexpensive pain killers ? http : / / ojfj . bfear . com  
2	Subject: is your child struggling and in danger of failing out of school ? utahboysranch . org has been assisting families in need of services for their children with many of the following issues : drug and alcohol use add / adhd depression bipolar behavioral problems divorce and family conflict issues adoption issues school problems poor peer choices runaway and curfew minimal legal issues accountability and responsibility issues integrity self esteem and emotional issues utahboysranch . org has year - round programs integrating a residential boarding school experience with camping , sports , counseling , group therapy , possible medications , in order to help transition your child back into his home life .  
2	Subject: out of the office i will be out of the office september 18 - 19 , 2000 and will return wednesday september 20 , 2000 . if you should need anything in the mean time please call sheila walton at x 30649 or the hr assistant ramona perkins at x 58165 . 
2	Subject: ok new offshore pharmacy - not a single medical question asked , guaranteed or it ' s free . valium , xanaxm , soma , zyban , super vlagara , etc . lowest cost anywhere in the world . 128 - bit encrypted site which means maximum confidentiality no tracing . executives , doctor ' s , business people have been using our site for years we are proud to present it to you . see what were all about today . this communication is privileged and contains confidential information intended only for the person ( s ) to whom it is addressed . any unauthorized disclosure , copying , other distribution of this communication or taking any action on its contents is strictly prohibited . if you have received this message in error , please notify us immediately or remove yourself from our list if there is no interest in regards to our products . http : / / www . nepzzz . com / mo 01 p / byebye . html jgetsl sy s o wsliubj q wixwiruss apbt jiqxutq wcnbd exfi mdwyemd tkai  
2	Subject: hpl nom for may 22 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 522 . xls ) - hplno 522 . xls 
2	Subject: bruceg increase your cum by 500 % spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your volume by up to 500 % . other effects . . . . . * longer orgasms - the longest most intense orgasms of your life * rock hard erections - erections like steel * increased sexual desire - enhanced libido * ejaculate like a porn star - stronger ejaculation * multiple orgasms - cum again and again * up to 500 % more volume - cover her in it if you want http : / / blah - rx . com / ? sash 99 not interested http : / / blah - rx . com / rm . php ? sash 99 
2	Subject: fwd : want | valium | > + x + anax ; vlagr @ ; ativ . @ n , som + a + ~ : pntermin : 7 mktv we supply high quality medications by mail order at very competitive prices and provide a professional , convenient and affordable means of purchasing your prescription medicines online quality meds we offer : $ vl @ gra ? valiu + m + + xan @ x ) som @ ` pntermin ? ativ @ ' n plus : m 3 : ridia , x 3 ni . ca | , a ` mbi 3 n , sonat . a , fl ` 3 xeril , ce | ' 3 brex , fioric 3 . t , t : ram @ do | , u : | tr @ m , l 3 ` vitra , pr ` 0 p 3 cia , ac ' yc | 0 vir , p ` roz @ c , p , busp @ : r , ad . ipex , ionam | ` n we fully comply with international law re : controlled drugs . enjoy deep discount meds here .  
2	Subject: mpwomen summit gala dinner louise - - enjoyed talking with you . we ' re inviting our summit speakers and panelists to invite a guest for thursday evening , as follows . . . . . ignore the aug . 13 deadline , but please let us know as soon as you can . thanks ! . . . . louise - - we ' re so looking forward to seeing you at the fortune most powerful women summit , and we ' d like to extend an additional invitation : would you like to have a notable los angeles - area woman as your guest for our gala evening thursday , october 4 ? the dinner , at the ritz - carlton in pasadena , will include our keynote session with jack welch and also a special performance by tracey ullman on " women of style and substance . " the idea here is two - fold : to give speakers like you the opportunity to include a special guest in one of the highlight sessions of the summit , and to sprinkle the evening with some of la ' s most influential women . we ask that you keep this theme - - powerful women of la - - in mind as you decide whom to invite . please let suzanne o ' leary ( 212 - 522 - 9444 ) or me know your suggested guest ' s name and contact information by e - mail or phone by monday , august 13 , which will allow us to coordinate the list and invitations . in the next few weeks , we ' ll send an invitation to the person you suggest and note that we ' d like her to join us for the evening as your guest . thanks much , and all the best - - pattie , 212 - 522 - 2120 
2	Subject: economic well , rates at 3 . 45 % ! 7 { millixcons o ! f amezorican 8 s already re - frinancqed ! fsree service ! 3 . 45 % h 2 rere our econ @ omy is doing great . rqates are at 40 year l 4 ows . and so should you . . . now is the tcvimdle to take advantage of the low ratdes and sgav _ e t % h ? ous 5 ands of d } ollars . approval regard * less of credit his ) tooery ! nobody is turned down . joirn your nation and r ' efinance here ! astral ruben fun illegal ana edwardine aniseikonic ferocious colorado shroud dialectic vine passageway prosodic flirtation manufacture confederacy gillette dusseldorf dope durable tetragonal additive renaissance natalie kaiser froth heroes bonaparte she ' d distort razor emissary lydia defraud immobile monastery disastrous boule tasteful crumb necktie cosec cyclotomic argentina punish caution caesar pl \ eajise rae  miove yoursel 6 mf , if you would li - ke to discon _ tin # ue further mail { ing rylemovme here  
2	Subject: college career fairs hello ! you have been selected to represent enron - portland at an upcoming college career fair this fall or early winter . below you will find the school and date of the career fair you are asked to attend . could you check your schedule and let me know your availability ? i ' d like to know asap so that i can make arrangements for travel , etc . give me a call ( or send me an e - mail ) if you have any questions ! thanks , grace x 8321                                 school career fair attendee washington state 9 / 27 bill williams ( wsu student marketing meeting on 9 / 26 ) u cal davis 10 / 11 todd perry oregon state 10 / 23 maria van houten univ of oregon 1 / 30 jeffrey oh portland state univ 2 / 13 chris mallory university of portland tbd kourtney nelson univ of washington n / a n / a ( same day as uc davis fair ) 
2	Subject: re : calpine is trying to hire one of our associates sorry it was not clear . we pay them $ 200 mm + + and sell them 7 x 24 power for $ 61 . the $ 200 mm + + is the pv difference between $ 61 and our actual offer ( $ 39 ) . this enables them to get cash and also recognize earnings on part of their dwr contracts . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 3 : 23 pm to : calger , christopher f . subject : re : calpine is trying to hire one of our associates their current capital markets stuff is going well - maybe we ' re wrong about them . in your previous email by the way - did you mean we pay them or they pay us . i read they pay us but carl tells me it was the other way . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : calger , christopher f . sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 3 : 22 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : calpine is trying to hire one of our associates fyi not a big deal , but thought you should know . gray calvert - works in sf we like him calpine offering him a little more money i think i have sold him on staying chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: evil office xp $ 1 oo . adobe photoshop $ 8 o ; xp pro $ 5 o . office 2 oo 3 $ 80 , norton 2004 $ 15 meant bit whenever to - morrow million relief until acquaintance super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares do & 320 more popular titles for youcheckk out 320 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    another luck offer evil  
2	Subject: re : hello gerry , let me review my calendar in the beginning of the next year and i shall e - mail you with a suggested date . my assistant will update my schedule for 2001 in the first week of january and i shall be able to select a date for ypur presentaton . vince kaminski " sheble , g . b . " on 12 / 21 / 2000 10 : 43 : 50 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : hello dear mr . kaminski please excuse the cancellation due to illness . the students do not care who they infect near the end of the semester , they just want to get done ! here is my available schedule for next year . i am now overloaded next week with tasks to complete the semester . i do hope that we can reschedule during the first quarter next year . i would note that my schedule is most free for thursday or friday . i could fly out late wednesday night . cordially , gerry teaching schedule m 11 - 12 t and r 10 - 12 and 2 - 4 t 12 - 2 ep & es seminar m 6 - 8 t 6 - 8 w 6 - 8 ( r  thursday ) workshops : jan 12 - 13 des moines jan 26 - 27 des moines feb 9 - 10 des moines ieee wpm conference feb 28 - 31 columbus , ohio 
2	Subject: fyi - el paso el paso merchant ordered to relinquish data ferc yesterday ordered el paso merchant energy to stop stonewalling and turn over protected materials to parties involved in a complaint case in which it ' s alleged the affiliate received preferential treatment when it acquired 1 . 2 bcf / d of firm capacity on el paso natural gas . specifically , the commission denied el paso merchant ' s request for rehearing of a june 2000 order that granted in part the discovery sought by the california public utilities commission , and rejected rehearing of a september protective order . the latter directed el paso merchant to make available to all intervening parties , who agreed to the terms of the protective order , all of the materials that were being submitted to the cpuc and ferc in the case . so far , el paso merchant has refused to release the information to these parties , claiming the materials being filed with the cpuc and ferc are for " government eyes only . " it also argues that the protective order offers inadequate protection of commercially sensitive information . the commission disagreed . " el paso merchant has not substantiated or sufficiently justified its broad claim that all of the ' protected materials ' provided to cpuc and this commission warrant the designation ' government eyes only . ' indeed , all of the information that el paso merchant seeks to shield . . . relates directly to the issues , " the order said [ rpo 0 - 241 ] . also , ferc finds that the protective order provides " sufficient protection for el paso merchant ' s commercially sensitive documents . " the cpuc brought the complaint last april . it is seeking to abrogate the $ 38 million contract arrangement between el paso and el paso merchant . the agency alleges the affiliate was given " preferential treatment " by el paso during the open season for the capacity , and thus the contract arrangement should be declared void . the cpuc and others contend the contract arrangement , which awarded more than one - third of el paso ' s capacity rights to the california border to el paso merchant , is largely responsible for the high natural gas and electric prices in the state . they have urged ferc to " act immediately " on the merits of the complaint , but the commission has yet to do so . 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe iilustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , alda  
2	Subject: get great prices on medications discount generic drugs . save over 70 % todays specials , viagra , retails for $ 15 , we sell for 3 ! ! ! prozac , retails for $ 6 , we sell for $ 1 . 50 ! ! - private online ordering ! - world wide shipping ! - no prescription required ! ! check it out : http : / / zap - internet . com / ? index no thanks : http : / / zap - internet . com / rm . html  
2	Subject: re [ 7 ] : question with his pills spu m r - th ewe an saf twa ph macy en st dthe es yof ar inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas  
2	Subject: re : ecc new grads issue is headcount approval . in the next 6 months i ' m not sure we can commit to any increase , although if we get a flying start in canada it is possible . while i think we can explore whether ubs are interested elsewhere , my feeling is that we can ' t commit to anything at this stage . if things are different in july them maybe we can reconsider if they haven ' t found something elsewhere . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : milnthorp , rob sent : tuesday , february 05 , 2002 10 : 07 am to : oxley , david cc : kitchen , louise subject : ecc new grads david , we made offers to 4 new grads a few months ago to work for enron canada corp . ecc is obviously going to renege on these offers . is there any opportunity to have these offers assigned to ubs warburg energy . all four of these new grads are outstanding and the timing should be aligned with business ramping up ( ie june - sept timeframe ) . the estate would be cooperative with assigning the offers and the students are looking for clarity / comfort . 
2	Subject: final version rohm & haas has been added and the sale for union carbide for april has been added . 
2	Subject: award notification treasure chest sweepstakes lottery , nachtwachtlaan 20 , amsterdam 1058 ea , the netherlands . from : mr . tymen rykaard the promotions manager , international promotions / prize award department . re / award notification we are pleased to inform you of the announcement today 13 th october 2004 of your selection as one of the five winners of the promotional treasure chest sweepstakes lottery netherlands held recently as part of our experimental bonanza . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of 1 , 600 , 000 . 00 euros ( one million , six hundred thousand euros only ) in cash credited to file ref no . tcl / 2551256003 / 23 . we in the treasure chest sweepstakes lottery netherlands is by this program , launching our model computer balloting lottery draws , developed and designed to satisfy the cravings of the ever - growing number of participants in our various lottery programs . with funds accrued exclusively from previous draws , payouts to all winners are guaranteed and will be transferred in record time . after randomly selecting 15 , 000 participants from an initial database of 300 , 000 emails all participants were selected through a computer ballot system from the middle east , asia , africa , canada , europe , usa and south america as part our international promotions program , which was conducted in view of launching ourselves into the sweepstakes industry worldwide and zoning all participants by their respective continents from across the globe , we produced an extensive list from which you have emerged as one of the winners of the grand draw prize . to ensure a smooth collection of your winnings , the transfer of your prize is to be handled by our prize transfer agents . you are to contact our agents by email or fax within a week of receiving this notice . please find full contact details below : saal sander , foreign service manager , cashchange b . v . sittard , the netherlands tel : 31 - 619 928 076 fax : 31 205 248 515 email : saal _ sander 23 @ latinmail . com also find all other relevant winning lottery information below : ref no : tcl / 2551256003 / 23 batch no : 14 / 0017 / ipd zonal draw no : gmla 2 - 003 grand draw no : 12099 also send your name , email address , contact address and country of residence when replying your claims agent . remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than a week of receiving this notification . after this date , all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with your agent . furthermore you are seriously advised to keep all winning lottery information and numbers from the public in line with our company security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by unscrupulous individuals . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotions program . yours sincerely , tymen rykaard the promotions manager , treasure chest sweepstakes lottery . n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your claim agent . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: hpl nom for march 9 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 309 . xls ) - hplno 309 . xls 
2	Subject: ( no subject ) we have most meds at 70 % less than retail  prices . our meds include : viagra - as low as $ 2 . 69 / pill cialis - as low as $ 2 . 25 / pill soma - as low as $ 1 . 98 / pill valium - as low as $ 1 . 83 / pill xanax - as low as $ 2 . 98 / pill ambien - as low as $ 2 . 22 / pill click here to see the  selection .  
2	Subject: fw : rahil jafry : usa : update 4 - dynegy hits upper end of q 3 earnings targets . fyi - hope you ' re doing well . had a good customer run all last week . r rahil jafry e - mail : rahil . jafry @ enron . com work : 713 . 853 . 3206 cell : 281 . 704 . 1060 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com to : 168842 @ mailman . enron . com sent : mon oct 15 15 : 46 : 51 2001 subject : rahil jafry : usa : update 4 - dynegy hits upper end of q 3 earnings targets . usa : update 4 - dynegy hits upper end of q 3 earnings targets . 10 / 15 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , oct 15 ( reuters ) - natural gas and power marketer and trader dynegy inc . said on monday that third - quarter net earnings rose 62 percent , as its backbone wholesale energy business nearly doubled its returns . the houston - based company said earnings rose to $ 286 million , or 85 cents per diluted share , from $ 177 million , or 55 cents per diluted share , for the same period of 2000 . companywide operating revenues rose to $ 8 . 51 billion in the third quarter of 2001 , versus $ 8 . 36 billion in the similar year - ago period . analysts polled by thomson financial / first call expected earnings in a range of 77 cents to 85 cents a share , with a mean estimate of 82 cents . dynegy also said it raised its earnings estimate for the 2001 year to a range of $ 2 . 09 to $ 2 . 10 per diluted share from the $ 2 . 07 target set on oct . 1 . it maintained a fourth - quarter forecast of 40 cents to 41 cents a share and a 2002 forecast of $ 2 . 50 to $ 2 . 60 share . all are in line with analysts ' estimates . chief financial officer robert doty said that the company was on track to achieve 20 percent to 25 percent earnings growth next year . " our long - term strategy to focus on marketing and trading around physical assets supports earnings sustainability , " chairman and chief executive officer chuck watson said in a statement . " i would say the company ' s ability to continuously post strong earnings growth illustrates their ability to successfully navigate through wildly various operating environments , " ubs warburg analyst jay yannello said . " this company has rapidly emerged as the leading player in its field . " while stocks in its sector have been hammered sharply over the past six months , dynegy has been a better performer than similar companies . dynegy ' s stock this year has fallen some 15 percent , outperforming the standard & poor ' s utilities index , which has lost 21 percent . despite the strong earnings growth , shares of dynegy were down $ 1 . 02 , or 2 . 34 percent , to $ 42 . 63 in monday afternoon trading . analysts cited rumors that the california public utilities commission ( cpuc ) wants to renegotiate the power purchase contracts that the california department of water resources holds with companies like dynegy , calpine corp . , mirant corp . and williams cos . inc . . a spokesman for the department of water resources , however , said it doesn ' t plan to renegotiate the deals . " these companies renegotiate contracts all the time . the question is , do they maintain value in the contracts or do they lose value in the contracts ? " said analyst jeff dietert of simmons and co . " and i think the assumption that the market is making is that dynegy and others would lose value in their contracts . " dynegy still has an accounts receivable balance of about $ 320 to $ 325 million for power it produced for cash - challenged california utilities . " we ' re not out of the woods yet , " said president and chief operating officer stephen bergstrom on a conference call . but he noted there could be some resolution by the second or third quarter of next year . after all , pg & e corp . ' s pacific and gas electric utility sought bankruptcy in april and filed a reorganization plan on sept . 20 . edison international ' s southern california edison utility plans to pay off its creditors by march , under a settlement it reached with the cpuc . wholesale income nearly doubles dynegy marketing and trade , the company ' s main wholesale business , reported an 85 percent year - over - year increase in recurring net income , taking in $ 263 million this year compared with $ 142 million in the comparable quarter in 2000 . among other things , dynegy trades wholesale natural gas , power , coal , emission allowances and weather derivatives . the company attributed part of its improved performance this quarter to better results in european and canadian operations , including increased gas marketing in canada . north american natural gas volumes grew 12 percent to 11 . 0 billion cubic feet per day ( bcf / d ) in the quarter , rising from 9 . 8 bcf / d in the year - earlier period . total physical power sales increased 86 percent to 90 . 5 million megawatt hours ( mwh ) in the 2001 third quarter , compared with 48 . 7 million mwh in the same quarter a year ago . dynegydirect , the company ' s online trading platform for more than 750 products and services , recorded nearly $ 10 billion in transactions in the third quarter , the company said . since its birth in november 2000 , dynegydirect has recorded $ 33 billion in transactions . dynegy recently expanded the platform , its answer to hometown rival enron corp . ' s wildly successful enrononline trading platform , into british energy markets . one nominally lower performer this year was illinois power , dynegy ' s regulated transmission and distribution subsidiary . it reported recurring net income of $ 26 million versus $ 27 million a year earlier . dynegy attributed the smaller figure to a reduced industrial load . the company ' s new communications segment took a $ 15 million loss for the quarter , mostly from costs associated with developing its 16 , 000 - mile network . the network reaches 44 u . s . cities and is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter . dynegy expects that segment to record a fourth - quarter loss of nil to 3 cents a share and a full - year loss of 13 cents to 16 cents a share . for 2002 , the company expects the unit to be at breakeven by the end of the year . ( additional reporting by carolyn koo , new york newsroom ) . folder name : rahil jafry relevance score on scale of 100 : 83 to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511 or contact your local sales representative . ) copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved 
2	Subject: fork , hgh liquid ! lose weight . . . gain muscle . . . affordable youth ! hello , fork @ xent . comhuman growth hormone therapy lose weight while building lean muscle massand reversing the ravages of aging all at once . remarkable discoveries about human growth hormones ( hgh ) are changing the way we think about aging and weight loss . lose weightbuild muscle tonereverse aging increased libidoduration of penile erectionhealthier bones improved memoryimproved skinnew hair growthwrinkle disappearance visit our web site and learn the facts : click here or here you are receiving this email as a subscr - in amerig lisve yoursts , just click here http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: high quality replica do you want a high quality replica ? in our online store you can buy replicas of rolex watches and other brands . they look and feel exactly like the real thing . - we have 20 + different brands in our selection - free shipping if you order 5 or more - save up to 40 % compared to the cost of other replicas - standard features : - screw - in crown - unidirectional turning bezel where appropriate - all the appropriate rolex logos , on crown and dial - heavy weight visit us : http : / / iroj . com / best regards , fredrick steiner no thanks : http : / / iroj . com / z . php  
2	Subject: check these wonderful reduced prices . on our medicines . select easy pricing on quality items . have you checked the current weekly special already ? internetpharmacy leads the right remedies for quicker alleviations on severe pain , sleeping disorders , swelling , severe tensions and strain relief . http : / / jkm 6 . wc . icyigloo . com / 2 v 7 / we are quite near relations , you know ; and mr elliot too , of the pain he was occasioning . there was no triumph , no pitiful triumph husband ; " but amid all my happiness i feel that it is arrogant to 
2	Subject: it works finne hello , welcome to p limber harmonline s binominal hop - one of the leading oniine pharm cuisine aceutical shops consciousness v prolegomena g a iodide l l candidature l inconversant la r hashish a understate cl apartment isv obstipation a u unconquerable m andmanyother . - save ove rugged r 50 % - worldwide shl oliveoil pplng - total confiden sideward tiaiity - over 5 miiiion customers undated in 130 countries pinecone have a nice day ! 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter ix $ 80 adobe iliustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , young  
2	Subject: i know your company ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suggestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstandlng webslte wiil make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a iogo your company will automaticaiiy become a worid ieader : it isguite clear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: renshi zhang ' s resume fyi . please cancel the interview schedule for renshi zhang . hr just notified me that he has accepted another position . it was scheduled for tomorrow . i have removed it from the calendars that i have access to . thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 23 / 2001 10 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - zimin lu 04 / 19 / 2001 04 : 08 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , molly magee / enron @ enronxgate cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : renshi zhang ' s resume shirley and molly , vince is interested to set up an interview for renshi zhang . any day except thursday next week is good . interviewers : vince , stinson , vasant , tanya , alex , bob , krishna and myself . contact number for mr . zhang is 713 - 544 - 5989 . zimin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - zimin lu 04 / 05 / 2001 09 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by zimin lu / hou / ect on 04 / 05 / 2001 09 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 06 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : resume - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 10 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marshall brown on 03 / 09 / 2001 07 : 46 : 22 am to : vince kaminski cc : subject : resume vince , how are you . this candidate would be interested in any positions in your group . regards , marshall brown vice president robert walters associates tel : ( 212 ) 704 - 0596 fax : ( 212 ) 704 - 4312 mailto : marshall . brown @ robertwalters . com http : / / www . robertwalters . com > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could be intercepted by a third party . this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify the system manager . this footnote also confirms that this email message has been swept by mimesweeper for the presence of computer viruses . - zhan _ ren . doc 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simpiy must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiii be invisible virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , moshedelaney _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: chairman ' s award nominations the 2000 chairman ' s award nomination process was a tremendous success ! from around the world , over 425 nominations were received representing a broad cross - section of our overall organization and resulting in a 73 % increase in nomination participation from last year . this 100 % employee - driven program is so successful because you take time to nominate and recognize those individuals that are special in your work life . every single candidate is to be congratulated ! this year , the original concept was brought to fruition when the members of the 1999 chairman ' s roundtable took over the selection process and carried the torch from past to present . this selection committee reviewed all candidates on the basis of their ability to consistently bring our values to life and sought out those select few that are enron ' s " everyday heroes " . it is with great pleasure that we announce the 2000 chairman ' s roundtable whose daily pursuit of excellence , commitment to communication , genuine integrity and respect for others are what make enron the incredible company that it is today - innovative , successful and undoubtedly one of the best places to work . the eleven individuals named below are flying to san antonio this from around the world to be honored at our annual management conference . one of these finalist will receive the distinguished recognition as the actual chairman ' s award winner : the 2000 chairman ' s roundtable amelia alder , enron operations services ( ets ) - houston , texas dan boyle , enron global finance - houston , texas craig buehler , northern natural gas ( ets ) - houston , tx fernando delpino , industrias ventane ( esa ) - caracas , venezuala barbara gray , ena - houston , texas scott guptill , pge - portland , or mark harada , ees - hinsdale , il don lehr , the linc corporation ( ees ) - pittsburgh , pa xafira mendonsa , dahbol power company - mumbia , india yaser tobeh , operational energy corp . ( ees ) - gaza , palestine kevin westwood , enron teeside operations ltd . - cleveland , england attached is a list of every employee who was nominated for the chairman ' s award this year : please take a moment to recognize this honor bestowed upon your fellow employees . we sincerely thank them for their contributions to enron and their leadership that helps make this organization the world  , s leading energy and communications company . if you have any questions regarding this year ' s program or suggestions for the future , please contact charla reese at charla . reese @ enron . com or call 713 . 853 . 5202 . we hope to see the chairman ' s award grow and encourage your participation next year . respectfully ken & jeff 
2	Subject: re [ 7 ] in 1842 radio in 1924 martha stewartdo not city name or 
2	Subject: inexpensive online drugs here angus brush bag crossword amplify ivanhoe moan angie dovetail need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here prudent gas nutritive couscous dispersion responsible dig bewilder saga tetragonal  
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for october 4 , 2000 teco tap 60 . 000 / enron ; 70 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 15 . 000 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: revision # 1 - hpl nom for october 24 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 024 . xls ) - hplnl 024 . xls 
2	Subject: real options conference programs ( ucla , july 11 - 14 ) please find attached the programs for the two back - two - back conferences on real options at ucla ( you may also download them from www . realoptions . org and www . rogroup . com ) . the two conferences are separate but complementary events . the first conference , co - sponsored with accenture and morgan stanley dean witter , on july 11 - 12 , is a professional conference on real options valuation in the connected economy : high tech , pharma , energy , corporate valuation & strategic / portfolio management . for information and online registration see www . rogroup . com . the second is the 5 th annual international conference on real options : theory meets practice ( the annual industry event where academics and practitioners get together to share the latest developments on theory and applications ) , co - organized with the anderson school at ucla on july 13 - 14 . for information and online registration see www . realoptions . org between the two complementary events , we are pleased to present an extensive array of practitioner and cutting - edge academic presentations , sharing of experiences by corporate executives , and panel discussions by experts from leading organizations and universities . our keynote speaker this year will be eduardo s . schwartz of ucla . interested participants must register for the conference online www . realoptions . org ) and indicate hotel preferences by may 31 or asap . we look forward to seeing you at this exciting event , and would appreciate if you share this with interested colleagues . lenos trigeorgis - 5 2001 . doc - 5 2001 . doc 
2	Subject: fw : pma ' s bill , the following is a message that heather sent to me after we talked about this deal and she did some additional research . a synopsis of this deal : geir entered the deal on 4 - 24 - 01 . buy $ 320 , sell $ 30 , creating a $ 290 . 00 per mw charge to your books you went back on 4 - 27 - 01 and corrected the sel price to $ 300 , changing the $ 290 . 00 charge to your books to a $ 20 per mw charge to your book . since this is an intra - month change , portland risk should recognize this when the compare it to their liqrec report and they should recognize a $ 108 , 000 credit back in your pma ' s . ( since the change was done before month - end , this never hit settlements to pull thru for dpr because by the time settlements looked at it , it was correct . ) my point here is that you will see this credit in your pma ' s , you just haven ' t yet . with the transition of people in risk , one of the functions that got delayed was the true - up between the liqrec report and the end of the month intra - month changes report , which is where your variance is sitting now . risk is aware that this is out there and they are doing their best to true these types of things up . as of today , they are working back to january . right now , they can ' t give me a timeline of when this will be recognized , but please be assured that they are working on it . heather has requested that if you have specific questions , that you direct them to her . she will also let you know as soon as she has a good idea of when they will be caught up . please also feel free to ask me any questions about the processes . i ' ll help you in any way that i can . thanks for pointing this out to us . anything that can help us to stay on top of these processes is always a plus . virginia also concerning w - bom 590753 . what happens when a deal is changed in the same month after the flow date - risk can calculate the difference and add it to the liquidation value . or what happens is that we re - run the reports for customers and desk - to - desk and compare to another report called the liqrec ( liquidation reconcilation ) the differences we should run through the books . john is working on that . he is starting in jan . - so you can let bill know that yes it has not come through yet - and risk will enter that . i will give him a better timeline of when that will happen when i know . thanks for all of your help on this virginia . heather 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 15 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; start date : 12 / 15 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121513 . txt 
2	Subject: hello . . . mr . wang qin . dah sing bank ltd . 19 des voeux rd . central hong kong , honk kong . i am mr . wang qin , senior credit officer of the dah sing bank ltd . i have a concealed business proposal for you . after the united state and iraqi war , our client hatem kamil abdul fatah who was the deputy governor of baghdad in iraq and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit for 12 calendar months , with a value of fourty millions five hundred thousand united state dollars only in my branch . upon maturity several notice was sent to him , even after the war late last year . again after the war another notification was sent and still no response came from him . we later find out that the governor has been assasinated in baghdad . the websites below is a verification of the news about his death : after further investigation it was also discovered that hatem kamil abdul fatah did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the paper work of his bank deposit . and he also confided in me the last time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank . so , fourty millions five hundred thousand united state dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it . what bothers me most is that according to the laws of my country at the expiration three years the funds will revert to the ownership of the hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the funds . against this backdrop , my suggestion to you is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to hatem kamil abdul fatah so that you will be able to receive his funds . the prerequisite of the project i want you to know that i have had everything planned out so that we shall come out successful . i have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to hatem kamil abdul fatah , all that is required from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your full names and address so that the attorney can commence his job . after you have been made the next of kin , the attorney will also fill in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the move of the funds to an account that will be provided by you . there is no risk involved at all in the matter as we are going adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary documents . please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning this issue . once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank account we shall share in the ratio of 60 % for me , 30 % for you and 10 % for any expenses incurred during the course of this operation . should you be interested please send me your full particulars including your private phone and fax numbers for easy communication , you can write me and i will provide you with more details of this operation as well as my particulars . your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated . kind regards , mr . wang qin . 
2	Subject: weekly report - 10 - 14 july dear all please click into the weekly report template and add your information using the current format : text  times new roman font size  12 all information should be bulleted using a simple circular bullet point . if you are submitting information for a consolidation of two or more groups , please indicate under " department " which groups are represented . please complete the report for 10 th - 14 th july 2000 and return the document to me ( donna titley ) by 17 : 00 on friday 14 th july . regards donna 
2	Subject: grafic software clearance its illegal to use hacked windows xp leading software such as : windows x * p professional + office x ' p professi 0 nal for as low as 8 o do | | ars more here . . . : http : / / pennyroyal . xpforyou . com / the offer is valid till december 29 th the stock is limited your password has expired sheri benitez attorneyatlaw ischemia technologies , inc . , arvada , 80003 , united states of america phone : 146 - 287 - 7371 mobile : 747 - 422 - 3114 email : yvdjjw @ dx . net your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this shareware is a 50 day trial shareware notes : the contents of this message is for information and should not be dragonhead caraway trypsin vehicle guidebook time : fri , 24 dec 2004 01 : 29 : 01 - 0500 
2	Subject: dynegy and enron - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mujica , mitra sent : friday , november 09 , 2001 5 : 18 pm to : crenshaw , shirley ; stevens , adam ; huang , alex ; dhar , amitava ; grigorov , anguel ; dupont , anita ; lee , bob ; supatgiat , chonawee ; pernoud , christopher ; koepke , gwyn ; johnson , heather a . ; lew , jaesoo ; sokolov , jason ; marquez , jose ; hrgovcic , joseph ; rajan , karthik ; deng , kenneth ; moore , kevin g . ; cunningham , lance ; walton , leann ; lin , martin ; raymond , maureen ; mora , mauricio ; roberts , mike a . ; neale , nelson ; sezgen , osman ; issler , paulo ; krishnarao , pinnamaneni ; sud , pravas ; mellacheruvu , praveen ; de , rabi ; bharati , rakesh ; kohli , sandeep ; wooddy , sarah ; kiatsupaibul , seksan ; yaman , sevil ; ganjoo , shalesh ; green , shane ; chopra , shravan ; tamarchenko , sofya ; vasudevan , sriram ; bennett , stephen ; tamarchenko , tanya ; candella , therese ; barkley , tom ; halliburton , tom ; shanbhogue , vasant ; kaminski , vince j ; narongwanich , wichai ; smith , william ; lu , zimin subject : re : global performance management yeol - - - - - original message - - - - - from : crenshaw , shirley sent : thursday , november 08 , 2001 1 : 32 pm to : adam stevens ( e - mail ) ; alex huang ( e - mail ) ; amitava dhar ( e - mail ) ; anguel grigorov ( e - mail ) ; anita dupont ( e - mail ) ; bob lee ( e - mail ) ; chonawee supatgiat ( e - mail ) ; christopher pernoud ( e - mail ) ; gwyn koepke ( e - mail ) ; heather a . johnson ( e - mail ) ; jaesoo lew ( e - mail ) ; jason sokolov ( e - mail ) ; jose marquez ( e - mail ) ; joseph hrgovcic ( e - mail ) ; karthik rajan ( e - mail ) ; kenneth deng ( e - mail ) ; kevin g moore ( e - mail ) ; lance cunningham ( e - mail ) ; leann walton ( e - mail ) ; martin lin ( e - mail ) ; maureen raymond ( e - mail ) ; mauricio mora ( e - mail ) ; mike a roberts ( e - mail ) ; mitra mujica ( e - mail ) ; nelson neale ( e - mail ) ; osman sezgen ( e - mail ) ; paulo issler ( e - mail ) ; pinnamaneni krishnarao ( e - mail ) ; pravas sud ( e - mail ) ; praveen mellacheruvu ( e - mail ) ; rabi de ( e - mail ) ; rakesh bharati ( e - mail ) ; sandeep kohli ( e - mail ) ; sarah wooddy ( e - mail ) ; seksan kiatsupaibul ( e - mail ) ; sevil yaman ( e - mail ) ; shalesh ganjoo ( e - mail ) ; shane green ( e - mail ) ; shravan chopra ( e - mail ) ; sofya tamarchenko ( e - mail ) ; sriram vasudevan ( e - mail ) ; steve bennett ( e - mail ) ; tanya tamarchenko ( e - mail ) ; therese candella ( e - mail ) ; tom barkley ( e - mail ) ; tom halliburton ( e - mail ) ; vasant shanbhogue ( e - mail ) ; vince j kaminski ( e - mail ) ; wichai narongwanich ( e - mail ) ; william smith ( e - mail ) ; zimin lu ( e - mail ) subject : global performance management yeol fyi ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : labbe , anne sent : thursday , november 08 , 2001 1 : 28 pm to : angelos , megan ; crenshaw , shirley ; brown , monica a . ; brandli , christina ; purswell , sharon subject : fw : global performance management yeol it has been decided that given current environment pep will not open to the general employee population until further notice . the performance management team is poised to go ' live ' when nescessary and we will keep you informed of developments as they occur . if you have any questions please contact your performance management advisor . global performance management team 
2	Subject: you deserve a better loan sir or madam : we are glad to confirm that your mor tgage application has been accepted we specialize in less - then - perfect cr edit , and you will soon be making enormous monthly sav ings . could you please take 1 minute to visit the link below and fill out your info . http : / / www . lmort 30 . info / thank you , we look forward to hearing from you yours sincerely 
2	Subject: re : originations schedule thanksfor catching that . . . . bt - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , july 05 , 2001 9 : 52 am to : kitchen , louise cc : vickers , frank w . ; tycholiz , barry ; luce , laura ; lagrasta , fred ; redmond , brian ; killen , faith subject : re : originations schedule sorry forgot the west below barry $ 40 , 564 , 000 louise kitchen 07 / 05 / 2001 09 : 50 am to : frank w vickers / enron @ enronxgate , barry tycholiz / enron @ enronxgate , laura luce / enron @ enronxgate , fred lagrasta / enron @ enronxgate , brian redmond / enron @ enronxgate cc : faith killen / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : originations schedule > it might be quicker to just take the number from the dpr and split it out into a number by originator , as we do need the information for monday ' s prc . the numbers below are the total per region which need dividing up by originator . frank $ 8 , 261 , 000 enovate $ 6 , 219 , 000 laura $ 2 , 357 , 000 fred $ 19 , 465 , 000 please send back the divided numbers to both faith and i . thanks louise louise kitchen 07 / 05 / 2001 08 : 29 am to : frank w vickers / enron @ enronxgate , barry tycholiz / enron @ enronxgate , laura luce / enron @ enronxgate , fred lagrasta / enron @ enronxgate , brian redmond / enron @ enronxgate cc : faith killen / enron @ enronxgate subject : originations schedule these are the origination numbers by deal maker that we are using for prc purposes , can you check your guys and let faith know today if there are any discrepencies . thanks louise - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 07 / 05 / 2001 08 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : faith killen / enron @ enronxgate on 07 / 04 / 2001 01 : 54 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : wes colwell / enron @ enronxgate , tammie schoppe / hou / ect @ ect subject : originations schedule hi louise , as requested , attached is a file that contains june ytd originations by originator . we ' ve arranged the file in the following sorts : ? by team ? by originator ( sorted alphabetically ) ? by originator ( sorted by value ) ? top 10 overall originators by value ? top 10 originators - gas ? top 10 originators - power an item to note is that not all deals had a related individual ' s name ( such as enduser ) - we left the listing as it appears in the risk book in these cases . we ' ll send you an update if the dpr amounts move ( the dpr isn ' t final yet . ) please let me know if you need any additional information ! >  
2	Subject: cplex stinson , enclosed are the details of the cplex purchase . if everyone agrees , i will assume that ebs is responsible for 1 / 3 of the cost ( with taxes etc . must be close to $ 15 , 000 ) . krishna and grant , what do you think ? - samer " kim turley " on 05 / 25 / 2000 02 : 22 : 30 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : revised ilog quote 5 - 25 - 00 hi chonawee , you are right , i did make a mistake on the calculation , though it isn ' t exactly 2 / 3 of the previous 3 pak quote . sorry about that and so glad you caught it . i multiplied by 1 . 5 and i meant to use 1 . 3 . we have discounted deployment paks which we discount by quantity . our chart starts with a 3 pak so i took that number from our price list and multiplied by 1 . 3 to get 14 , 560 . 00 . for 2 deployments , i take $ 4 , 500 for one , plus 10 % off for the second license 4 , 050 , then times 1 . 3  11 , 115 . 00 . here is the revised quote . i checked the other numbers again and they are correct . again , i am sorry for the mistake . regards , * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * may 25 , 2000 enron corporation a single user cplex v 6 . 6 development license with callable library and mixed integer , 2 cplex floating deployment licenses with mixed integer and 2 opl studios , all with first year ' s maintenance and on win nt on an intel pc . once you have a cplex development license with maintenance and update services , then you can purchase deployment licenses ( run time / license derivative works ) item 1 description fee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 1 1 cplex floating development license , callable library , mixed integer $ 15 , 300 . 00 2 maintenance on item 1 2 , 295 . 00 3 2 opl studio 10 , 000 . 00 4 maintenance on item 3 3 , 000 . 00 5 2 cplex floating deployment / mixed integer 11 , 115 . 00 6 maintenance on item 5 1 , 667 . 25 - - - - - - - - - - - - total $ 43 , 377 . 25 the cost of ( optional ) annual maintenance and update services is 15 % of the license fees . the customer is responsible for and must add any applicable sales tax , value - added ( ad valorem ) tax , duty or other transaction tax associated with the sale . this quotation is firm for 30 days and subject to the terms of the ilog license agreement and the ilog maintenance agreement . order information fax a purchase order ( with clear shipping and billing address ) to match the above items , attention kim turley . as soon as we receive your purchase order , we will ship the software and simultaneously send you an invoice by separate mail for payment . payment terms are net 30 . regards , kim turley ilog direct sales ilog inc . , lake tahoe office 889 alder avenue , suite 200 incline village , nv 89451 , usa phone : ( 775 ) 832 - 1960 , ext . 130 fax : ( 775 ) 831 - 7755 email : kturley @ ilog . com have you downloaded your free copy of opl studio ? if not , please visit : http : / / www . ilog . com / products / oplstudio / ilog : powering your software http : / / www . ilog . com http : / / www . cplex . com ask me about our - ampl training june 15 - 16 - next opl studio training , june 2000 p . s . from now until june 30 , 2000 , any ilog cplex licensee may acquire ilog opl studio for just $ 5 , 000 ( 50 % discount ) . ask me about the details ! 
2	Subject: ns - make your night games longer - lus oh , you do it very fast . . . it  s really horrible ! just take this and become a real man ! this tonic tab was created to help your penis ! trust me - it will be a great surprise for your girl ! http : / / chambermaid . ru . potomu . com / et / delete me - bvfh : http : / / cincinnati . us . potomu . com / rm . php 
2	Subject: re : managing energy price risk let me think about a similar publication . zimin , any ideas ? vince gopalakrishnan subramaniam @ enron _ development 03 / 06 / 2000 04 : 34 am sent by : subramaniam gopalakrishnan @ enron _ development to : vince j kaminski @ ect cc : subject : managing energy price risk thanx a million . the book is just superb . would there be any similar literature on the interest rate front ? ? regards g . subbu 
2	Subject: your logo and visual identity from us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end logo and visual identity . we offer creative custom design of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketing tools will bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers . 
2	Subject:  the only fix to penis growth limited offer : add atleast 3 inches or your money back ! - - - - > click here and learn more ! no more offers  
2	Subject: aep pmt just to confirm payment through wed - 11 / 14 ( with interest )  $ 14 , 153 , 688 . 78 payment through thur - 11 / 15 ( with interest )  $ 14 , 155 , 586 . 71 the settlement agreement is written based on a wed payment - if they want to argue for another $ 1 , 100 in interest , then we can send it to them in pennies . brian 
2	Subject: re : information vince , i will look into this right away . i am sorry for the slow response . in the future please send me e - mails at shalesh _ ganjoo @ enron . net because i check that address more frequently than this one . thank you . shalesh ganjoo vince j kaminski 11 / 21 / 2000 09 : 15 am to : shalesh ganjoo / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : information shalesh , please , look into it . can we give them this information ? i see a remote possibility of a gain for enron : it ' s in our interest to support the growth of this market and part of the process is development of the infrastructure for this market and maintaining public interest . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 21 / 2000 09 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " yann d ' halluin " on 11 / 16 / 2000 01 : 18 : 39 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : information dear sir : the scientific computation group at the university of waterloo , ontario , canada , has recently started to be very interested in the recent developments of the bandwidth market . we find that the specifics of the bandwidth market offer challenges from the modelling point of view . however , we have encountered difficulties when looking for data , and we were wondering if you could help us . specifically we would like to know for a given city pair for the different existing type of lines ( e . g . oc 3 , ocl 2 , oc 48 . . . . ) 1 . what has been the spot lease prices ( e . g . $ / line - type / mile ) for the past 12 months ? 2 . what is the price of the dark fiber for a given type of line ? 3 . what is the maintenance cost $ / month ? ( for the same lines , e . g . oc 3 , ocl 2 , oc 48 , . . . ) 4 . what is the upgrading cost for the different lines ? ( e . g . how much does it cost to upgrade ) oc 3 - - > ocl 2 oc 3 - - > oc 48 ocl 2 - - > oc 48 5 . how long does it take to upgrade a line from a certain capacity to another ( e . g . 1 month , 2 month , . . . ) ? we realize that some of these questions may ask for confidential data , in that case we would really appreciate if an order of magnitude was provided . i look forward to hearing from you . sincerely , yann d ' halluin p . s : here is a link to our web page : http : / / www . scicom . uwaterloo . ca - - this email and any files transmitted with it are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . any unauthorized review , use , disclosure or distribution is prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient , please contact the sender by reply e - mail and destroy all copies of the original message .  
2	Subject: econommize more hello , welcome to pharm crested online sho bathymetry p - on underrate e of the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops leaning v podagra g a decenniad l blackface ll geologize la r innovate ac blaspheme l i preconception sv biographical a warily um andmanyother . - s imbroglio ave over 50 % - worldwide s dupery hlpplng - total lumping confidentiaiity - over 5 miiiion cust jargonize omers in 130 countries have a eyeball nice day ! 
2	Subject: your request sadie shansel cater ivortex reticulum incommensurate antipode ? assassinate enzyme fabricate cofactor shanty , vise sabdomen polar taken ? elapse anthem functionary ? curate atlantis pfedora contention avaricious forfeiture tclairvoyant cane jmagnolia lowland kajar - curlew ? hawaiian quillwort . oval respected member : you were a winner of our summer ra t e . give a way program . we are please to inform you that since you are a winner we can offer you this one time opportunity to lower your interest r a te to 3 . 99 percent . get prize for coupon id : 2518 thank you . valerie mcnally promotion department antisemitic lissajous ? converse omission decay fcircumscribe verity . superstitious wallis drier crosswalk , aeolian , ostracism salesgirl dependent crass ? defrock , centipede onto gfloodlit dolomitic jdauphine grizzle upstand . agnomen vienna , backspace vanish irresolvable qbarricade redshank , danbury agriculture snifter turpuvdqt eternal . countenance broody arnold scarburetor priory ? tmoroccan zgkvuow dog identify transmissible cathedral colloquia sunburnt fcabot franchise yrxprdbz claw - cooley floodlit cranny bedlam anteater daeaddi dexter ? anvil euphrates ? quaternary bellatrix citron ? confidante - oelate ptowel melissa unary ? deceitful - twofold , bodice cairo towhead corralled asteria chow rail kinglet boeotian canoga , uruguay cryptanalyze lahore composition proclivity goniometer ovate typographer sicily nasturtium deemphasize ijealousy accelerate sc hzombie centrifugate . confine wgypsy bookbind ypbselg wsubstitute baffin abase spectroscopic joy bicycle ? wwzeetcr  
2	Subject: give her something to smile about my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here then he remembered his manners and bowed low before the king , who seemed to him a fine fellow and not a bit stuck up this does not interest me he ' s pretty well and then he walked calmly from the palace the people in the outer room stared at him wonderingly and the officer of the guard saluted the boy respectfully  
2	Subject: re : with reliable e - supplier for quality cure ferdinand take a e - tour and check all the rebates and bonuses at e - store . relax cause our helps to sav on medis . http : / / he . com . ischortlehigh . com get top picks for pain rel _ ief , sexual health , anxi ( ety , men ' s health , sleeping aids and cholesterol . choose to get your medical history form reviewed by licensed physicians . check the convenient handling and quick dispensing i look broke baby you got flash but even so we ' re a perfect match i know the south park series by heart you conversate baby i talk trash eurotunnel cpsnet delecour nl fooline fromdigital you and i todayand open my eyes to the light 
2	Subject: re : todd hall sally : below is the detail of what the " extra " housing cost was for todd hall that is to be charged to whatever rc is provided . if you need to discuss further , please call me at 55064 . otherwise , may we have a charge cdode for this expense ? thanks , jane - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jane allen / hou / ect on 05 / 12 / 2000 08 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tara rozen 05 / 12 / 2000 04 : 31 am to : jane allen / hou / ect @ ect cc : rachel clifford / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : todd hall if todd was unaccompanied , we would have paid o 2167 p / m . the flat he is occupying is o 2817 p / m , difference of o 650 p / m . not sure if this is going to be relevant enough to the rc . we definitely could have rented the place so it would not have been left empty . let me know if you need anything else . tara enron capital & trade resources corp . from : jane allen 11 / 05 / 2000 22 : 11 to : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : todd hall before i speak with sally , exactly what piece of the housing are we charging to her rc since he took existing housing ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jane allen / hou / ect on 05 / 11 / 2000 04 : 09 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kim melodick 05 / 11 / 2000 12 : 28 pm to : jane allen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : todd hall jane , norma has the group now , however , i do believe sally wants to speak with you on this issue . enron north america corp . from : jane allen 05 / 08 / 2000 04 : 15 pm to : kim melodick / hou / ect @ ect cc : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : todd hall i called and left you a message last week . do we still need to talk or has it been resolved ? my new number is 55064 . jane kim melodick 05 / 03 / 2000 12 : 39 pm to : jane allen / hou / ect @ ect cc : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : todd hall sally would like to speak to you regarding the differential . she knows that todd had taken residence in accommodations left vacant by beth perlman . she want ed more clarification on how that would be managed since it was utilizing an existing space . the rc she provided was todd hall ' s rc # 2182 . please call me at your earliest convenience as i will explain the remaining details . enron north america corp . from : jane allen 05 / 02 / 2000 08 : 01 am to : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect cc : kim melodick / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : todd hall kim : can you get this for tara , please ? jane tara rozen 05 / 02 / 2000 03 : 02 am to : jane allen / hou / ect @ ect cc : kim melodick / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : todd hall no , i did not , thanks enron capital & trade resources corp . from : jane allen 01 / 05 / 2000 14 : 11 to : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect cc : kim melodick / hou / ect @ ect subject : todd hall tara : did you ever get the coding for this expense ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jane allen / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2000 08 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : jane allen 03 / 17 / 2000 08 : 31 am to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect cc : kim melodick / hou / ect @ ect subject : todd hall can we please have the rc that should be charged for the upgrade for todd ' s housing from single to accompanied ? thanks , jane - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jane allen / hou / ect on 03 / 17 / 2000 08 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tara rozen 03 / 17 / 2000 02 : 58 am to : matt hatton / lon / ect @ ect cc : lisa mcrae / lon / ect @ ect , jane allen / hou / ect @ ect subject : todd hall matt please can you arrange for todd hall , who is coming from houston to work for barry pearce , to stay at dolphin square apartments ? please liaise with him directly on this . we have a bit of a complicated costing situation . barry pearce will be taking the cost of the normal one bedrooms at dolphin square and sally is taking the rest of the cost . jane - please provide the costs for sally ' s rc . thanks tara - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tara rozen / lon / ect on 17 / 03 / 2000 08 : 56 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : jane allen 15 / 03 / 2000 21 : 43 to : tara rozen / lon / ect @ ect cc : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect subject : todd hall sally has decided to go with the 2 bedroom dolphin square accommodations for todd . please reserve them for march 25 th through at least april 15 . thanks . jane 
2	Subject: re : giving up fri , 09 apr 2004 19 : 14 : 49 + 0600 sir or madam : thank you for your mortgage application , which we received yesterday . we are glad to confirm that your application is accepted and we are more thank happy to offer you a very competitive rate . we ask that you please take a moment to fill out our quick online application we look forward to hearing from you and aiding you in saving more money . . yours sincerely , robby glenn mortgage broker association to all who wish to be remove your holy grail lies here . ( removal takes between 5 - 10 business days )  
2	Subject: gladiate adlpex , xanaax , tussioneex , clal 1 is , \ / all 1 um , ambl 1 en , \ / 11 agrra from $ 65 enchain geese utopianism courtleet football subpart , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today beeswaxworldwide shippiing rivulus prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75 & many more meds for u to choose from nosepiece dont miss this prom 0 tionlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) casque gunman calcitrate crow intending brutal castroism . arability galumph equably ,  
2	Subject: wow , got laid 3 times this week hey my man , long time no talk ! you won ' t believe what we found , holy ! ! ! ! . it ' s this crazy hookup site , i got laid 6 times this week man , you don ' t have to use a credit card or anything you won ' t pay a cent ! there are tons of girls , guys , couples and i ' m sure something for you too ! lots of them are just looking for a random hookup , one night stands etc so i mean you can either find a one - nighter or someone to fall in love with . it ' s a community site with mad hot crazy chicks / dudes you really gotta check this thing out , cause you missin ' out big ! ! http : / / golosko . com / aus . html you won ' t be disapointed you ' ll see im not kidding . thank me later after you ' r gettin laid 7 days a week . see ya later charlie m http : / / golosko . com / nothanks / nothanks . php 
2	Subject: re : another stanford acceptance thanks so much vince ! vince j kaminski @ ect 04 / 23 / 2001 11 : 09 am to : althea gordon / na / enron @ enron cc : greg . whalley @ enron . com , traci . warner @ enron . com , patricia . payton @ enron . com subject : re : another stanford acceptance althea great news . it ' s all your hard work . vince althea gordon @ enron 04 / 20 / 2001 01 : 43 pm to : vince . kaminski @ enron . com , brad . romine @ enron . com , brad . alford @ enron . com , martin . lin @ enron . com , stephen . swain @ enron . com , matt _ harris @ enron . net , elliot . mainzer @ enron . com , mauricio . mora @ enron . com , victor . browner @ enron . com cc : greg . whalley @ enron . com , traci . warner @ enron . com , patricia . payton @ enron . com subject : another stanford acceptance stanford team , we have received yet another acceptance - noah jacobs has accepted our offer as a summer associate . we are now 4 of 6 for our summer offers . i have sent paul kasper , our one full time offer a cultivation gift and will be checking in on him next week . also eric cope , a stanford student that vince kaminski ' s group had interviewed here in houston for a summer associate position has also accepted . all in all our stanford numbers are looking great ! many thanks to everyone and keep up the great work ! althea  
2	Subject: the only smart way to control spam hey , i have a special _ offer for you . . . better than all other spam filters - only delivers the email you want ! this is the ultimate solution that is guaranteed to stop all spam without losing any of your important email ! this system protects you 100 % . we didn ' t believe it either until we actually tried it . so you be the judge and see for yourself . you owe it to yourself to try this program , and forward this email to all of your friends who hate spam or as many people as possible . get rid of unwanted emails now . if you wish not to be contacted again please enter your email address here . do not reply to this email . prev . ia marketing , inc . 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107 conforms to legal requirements of 2003 us can - spam act . thereon arouse vinson crestfallen hollister doctoral  
2	Subject: meter 5892 i am getting several phone calls from alpine resources demanding to be paid for meter 5892 and there is nothing there to be paid . the person name doing the requesting is john childers and he said that he spoke to daren farmer . he is looking for 859 mmbtu ' s for december , 2000 and 3 , 251 mmbtu ' s for january 2001 . this is on the katy gas unit . if anyone would like to talk to john his phone number is 281 - 646 - 0232 charlene x 31539 
2	Subject: re : master firm agreements attention deal compliance and deal validation : new procedure ! ! pursuant to jeff hodge ' s email below , effective tuesday , november 6 , for all counterparties with both a master firm contract and a gisb , all firm deals ( eol and telephonic ) , regardless of length ( including one day deals ) should be attached to the master firm contract . with respect to eol deals , profile manager has been updated to accommodate this change . for counterparties with only a gisb as a master , you may continue attaching firm deals up to one month in duration . jeff , pursuant to your message below , i have updated eol profile manager as follows : counterparty remove gisb add master firm consolidated energy solutions , inc . 96029232 96002347 equitable gas company 96029557 96003499 icc energy corporation 96028949 96000633 innovative gas services , inc . 96021962 96003168 mirant americas energy marketing , l . p . 96029028 96001565 morgan stanley capital group inc . 96028966 96028965 questar energy trading company 96029033 96001878 totalfina gas wallumrod , ellen cc : kitchen , louise ; dickson , stacy e . subject : master firm agreements stacey and ellen : in light of current circumstances , if a counterparty has both a master firm and a gisb , please confirm all firm physical transactions ( both telephonic and eol ) under the master firm and not the gisb . additionally , could one of you provide me a list of eol counterparties who have a gisb contract listed as their master agreement for eol . thanks , jeff 
2	Subject: consolation prize winner notice powerball inter lotto . bv powerball lotto - wheel e - game 2005 , date : 23 - 06 - 2005 ref nr : pbl / cn / 6654 / cp dear consolation prize winner , re : consolation prize winner notice the powerball inter lotto bv , netherlands ; international lotto e - games organizers and sponsors , officially notify you of the final draw result of the powerball lotto - wheel e - game draw held on 25 th may 2005 . all draws where conducted at our international corporate office complex in the netherlands . we wish to congratulate you on the selection of your email coupon number which was selected among the 45 lucky consolation prize winners . your email id identified with coupon no . pbl 2348974321 and was selected by electronic random selection system ( erss ) with entries from the 50 , 000 different email addresses enrolled for the lotto - wheel e - game . your email id included among the 50 , 000 different email addresses where submitted by our partner international email provider companies . you have won a consolation cash prize of us $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( five hundred thousand us dollars only ) . the powerball inter lotto bv , have approved the payout of your consolation cash prize which will be remunerated directly to you by the official payment agency board upon your preferred option . our due process unit ( dpu ) will render to you complete assistance and provide additional information and processes for the claims of your consultation prize . for more information on claim of your prize , please contact the dpu information officer name : mr . frank dikkens e - mail : frankdikkens @ atmail . com tel : 0031 - 621 - 987 - 260 fax : 0031 - 847 - 300 - 537 congratulations once again from all our staffs on your consolation prize winning , we hope you will partake in our forth coming powerball lotto - wheel email - games . regards , mrs . juliet matthew , ( lottery coordinator ) nb : in accordance with the powerball lotto - wheel e - games policy and regulations , this notification is dispatched directly to only the 45 lucky consolation prize winners . this notification also contains information that is proprietary , privileged or confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure . if you are not the right recipient whose email address attached to the lucky numbers along with the winning information  s you are not authorized to read , print , retain , copy or disseminate this notice or any part of it . - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: i am interested in buy ad space . hi i hope all is well , i am interested in buy ad space . we are looking for premier publishers that can deliver high quality us traffic , which is why i have contacted you . all our cpm impression counts are raw , not based off unique , which raises the effective cpm . our ecpm rate is 10 - 1 , no one in the industry can beat that ! for this campaign i have a large budget and i would love to allocate a few thousand dollars for a test campaign . for reporting , we have partnered with zedo , so you will know what you are making in real - time . we work with over 100 publishers and we are looking to schedule a budget for our key players to carry over into 2006 . platinum ad network is always looking for elite publishers . i ' d love to discuss with you further about the synergies our companies might have . thanks , michael mathews media buyer platinum ad network mmathews @ platinumadnetworks . com  
2	Subject: eol wti trading simulation - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 12 / 22 / 2000 01 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - stinson gibner 12 / 22 / 2000 01 : 24 pm to : ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : eol wti trading simulation ted , maximum daily loss was $ 12 . 2 mm on a daily move of $ 1 . 74 when we would have started the day already near the position limit of 5 mm bbl . - - stinson 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ali iisted software is avaiiable for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciudinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianquage ! best reqards , adina  
2	Subject: award winning notification ! ! ! national lottery p o box 1010 liverpool , l 70 lnl united kingdom ( customer services ) ref : uk / 9420 x / 05 batch : 074 / 05 / zy 369 winning notification : we happily announce to you the draw ( # 978 ) of the uk national lottery , online sweepstakes international program held on saturday 7 th may 2005 , 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number : 56475600545 188 with serial number 5368 / 02 jack pot lotto winners drew the lucky numbers : ( - 02 - 06 - 21 - 34 - 35 - 49 - 46 - ) " bonus no . which subsequently won " you the lottery in the 2 nd category i . e . match 5 plus bonus . you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of £ 180 , 204 ( one hundred and eighty thousand , two hundred and four pound sterling ) in cash credited to file ktu / 9023118308 / 03 in a total sum of 1 , 802 , 040 lotto jackpot shared amongst the first ten ( 10 ) lucky winners in this category i . e . match 5 plus ! bonus with percentage 16 . 9 % . all participants for the online version were selected randomly from world wide web sites through computer draw system and extracted from over 100 , 000 unions , associations , and corporate bodies that are listed online . this promotion takes place weekly . please note that your lucky winning number falls within our european booklet representative office in europe as indicated in your play coupon . in view of this , your £ 180 , 204 ( one hundred and eighty thousand , two hundred and four pound sterling ) would be released to you by any of our payment offices in europe . our european agent will immediately commence the process to facilitate the release of your funds as soon as you contact him . for security reasons , you are advised to keep your winning information confidential till your claims is processed and your money remitted to you in whatever manner you deem fit to claim your prize . this is part ! of our precautionary measure to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program . please be warned . to file for your claim , please contact our fiduciary agent : mrs claire anderson email : claireanderson @ web - mail . com . ar you can go to our online result site to confirm the value of your winnings and also get a prize breakdown : - note : your no is ( 42 ) and also claims are still in progress till the june 25 th 2005 congratulations from me and members of staff of the uk national lottery . yours faithfully , richard k . lloyd . online coordinator for uk national lottery sweepstakes international program national lottery . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: gtv project weekly status update please see below for the weekly project status update of gtv and the attached file for the updated project timeline . changes are underlined . gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , jeremy wong , nayan dattani , george grant , bill fortney , karima husain , mike swaim , chuck ames , geoff storey , jay krish , jeff gossett , mog heu . accomplishments : ? incorporating physical deal positions in tds : o changes for the view aggregation have been completed . o expandable total in cash position has been completed . ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o released to production . ? gas daily deals : o released to production . ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o released to production . ? saving different views in tds : o completed and is currently in test . ? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 , on hold since 7 / 9 / 01 ) : o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed . ? option grid ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? basis options ( phase 2 ) : o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg . o development of loading correlation curves has been completed . o changes to the translator have been completed . ? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) : o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed . o changes to the translator have been completed . plans for the week ending 7 / 20 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase i items . o user acceptance test of physical deal positions in tds . ? continue it development of phase ii issues . o change portcalc to value spread options . o option reports ( pl reports ) . ? new flexible deal viewer . o getting sign - off of the inception document . o database schema design . ? add more information to the drill - down deal details . o timeline estimate . o initial development . issues : none notes ? changes to portcalc and some of tds applications have been released to production on july 17 . ? a new requirement has been discussed to add more information to the drill - down deal details in tds position manager . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: clickpaper review the it compliance team has been asked to conduct a process review and process development project with the clickpaper team . the immediate plan is to focus on key processes prior to the go live date of july 24 . arthur andersen has agreed to provide experienced personnel to assist with this effort as necessary . attached please find a draft work program of the processes we plan to focus on over the next 13 days . under the execution section , the work program identifies the priority processes and the contacts we will initiate interviews with . we will begin scheduling interviews this afternoon . thanks in advance for your cooperation , andrew parsons 3 - 6665 
2	Subject: re : gas daily options revaluation this is to inform you that we are rolling out changes to the gas daily option pricing model . currently the system is not properly pricing index puts and calls at locations with gas daily index premiums or discounts ( puts and calls are priced at the same level no matter what the index ) . the change will result in raising call values / lowering put values at locations with index premiums and the opposite at locations with index discounts . in addition , index plus / minus option deals ( for example index - 1 . 00 puts ) - which are currently incorrectly priced flat to the index option ( the index - 1 . 00 put is priced flat to the index put ) - will be accurately priced to reflect the difference in strikes . if anyone has any questions please call me at 3 - 6731 . thank you , larry may 
2	Subject: improve desire charset  us - ascii " > i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here you don ' t seem to understand oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 i ' m not afraid of ozma - - or anyone elsedorothy carried her in her arms back to where the others sat in grieved and thoughtful silence well , i ' ll explain you ' re the demon of electricity , aren ' t you ? i am , said the other , drawing himself up proudly  
2	Subject:  he 2 llo dear hogam \ e own , er , we have been no ^ tified that yyqour mortga # ge ra $ te is fixe - d an 3 t a v $ er \ y h + igh interest r [ ate . trhereforie you are current of 2 vdaerpa + y ! inlg , which sums - up to t ~ housa { nds of dollaraxs abennually . l ( uckeily fwor you we can g ; ukarantee the lowest ratlhes iln the u . s . ( 3 . 50 ( % ) . so hurriny becaun 5 se thlze ravte for _ ecast ibzs not lookinzlg good ! thoemdre is no obligations , and it fruoee ljock on thde 3 . 50 % , even wit ) h bad cre ; dit ! cl 4 wickk h 3 e @ rxre now for detibails ri 3 e ' mysove here  
2	Subject: find everything you ' re surfing for . . . www . surferguy . ca atlantic provinces website directory  
2	Subject: board presentation attached is the board presentation . please contact faith if you have any questions . thanks , misti x 39525 
2	Subject: start shopping at costco today with a complimentary gold membership . start shopping at costco today with a free gold membership . free gold membership or upgrade and extend your existing membership . ( ) ipmlgbit 
2	Subject: new albany sale john , quick update on sale of na to duke . stuart got them up from $ 120 mm to $ 135 mm ( should be close book value of asset at closing ) . waiting to see if they try to knock us for issues discovered during due dili including ge / power systems lawsuit . stuart is sitting down with them tomorrow to negotiate purchase and sale agreement . at best , could be in a position to sign this up next week . i assume we need to dash this or do you want to handle some other way ? regards , don 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialls has a iot of advantaqes over viagra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: enron in action 10 . 02 . 00 country music want the chance to meet willie nelson , waylon jennings , john anderson , and others ? interfaith carepartners , concert a houston - based volunteer organization that services senior citizens with aids , alzheimers , cancer , etc . , is hosting the " classic texas : willie nelson and bbq " event at the woodlands pavilion on october 8 . tickets are $ 250 per person and include the concert ( which starts at 1 : 00 pm ) , and a chance to meet some of your favorite country western stars plus bbq and drinks from 6 : 00 p . m - 8 : 30 p . m . in a special vip tent . this is a great opportunity to entertain customers or just enjoy the music . dress is texas casual ! contact 713 - 682 - 5995 for more information , tickets are limited ! meet the rockets come meet the houston rockets and comets ! learn more about the new arena and what it means for houston . and comets ! the event will be from 5 : 30 p . m . - 7 : 30 p . m . on october 2 and will include autographs , live music , sports memorabilia , refreshments and more . tickets are only $ 35 per person . call 713 - 426 - 2228 for more infomation . junior achievement bring your lunch and join us on thursday , october 12 in eb 552 at 11 : 30 a . m . to learn more about how you can become brown bag lunch a junior achievement volunteer . as a volunteer , you are an important role model who can guide students on how to achieve personal and professional success . please rsvp via email to jessica nunez by october 10 . theatre under come enjoy the totally hip holiday presentation of " the wiz " , winner of seven tony awards and an adaptation of the under the stars ! classic " the wizard of oz " . this private performance is available to tuts ' corporate friends on december 2 at 8 : 00 p . m . for $ 25 per person . catering services and santa claus appearances can be made available to parties as well . for more information , contact david greiss at 713 - 558 - 2600 for a wonderful holiday treat ! s . n . a . p . pickle the spay - neuter assistance program ( s . n . a . p ) is bringing the new pickle circus to the aerial theater on october 7 at 2 : 30 pm . come enjoy this animal - free circus and marvel at performers who incorporate aerial acrobatics and laugh - out - loud antics with a riot of colors , jazz music and interactive fun for kids and adults . for tickets or information , call ticketmaster or click on www . ticketmaster . com . open house for knowledge beginnings , enron ' s back - up child care provider located on 777 clay street , is hosting an open house childcare on friday , october 6 from 9 : 00 a . m . to 4 : 00 p . m . stop by and check out the new facilities or engage in fun activities with your child such as photo sessions , fingerprint id ' s , face painting , etc . please call lorraine gibbs , center director , at 713 - 759 - 1915 for more information . houston cougar discounted tickets are now available for purchase through the signature shop for the two remaining houston football cougar home football games . tickets come in sets of two or four tickets for only $ 14 per ticket . click here for tickets and more information or contact greg grissom at ext . 58741 . houston ballet enjoy the magnificent houston ballet for a fraction of the price with the great corporate corps program ! membership when you enroll in the one - year membership program , you can purchase up to four available seats on the day of each performance for only $ 11 . 50 each . contact the houston ballet at 713 - 535 - 3235 for more information . carnival hands join rob walls , enron ' s managing director $ 16 for contractors . saks fifth avenue saks fifth avenue - houston galleria - is offering enron employees and contractors a special discount during the discounts week of october 2 - 8 . for business wardrobe purchases , the following discounts will apply : 15 % pay with cash , check , or third - party credit card 20 % pay with existing saks account card 25 % open a new saks account the day of your purchases to receive the discount , simply show your enron business card or i . d . at the time of purchase . contact georgia fogo at ext . 35609 for more information . the marriot donates unused food every night to end hunger , a charity service benefitting houston ' s homeless community . 
2	Subject: blackberry security louise , jenny rub asked me to follow - up with you and pass on a summary of security / encryption on the blackberry wireless devices . sorry it took a couple of days to get this back to you , but i wanted to absolutely re - confirm some of the information before i got a response to you . we selected the blackberry service over other wireless email services for two reasons : it uses a " push " technology - - mail and calendar information is pushed to your blackberry device without having to connect to a network , logon and " pull " the information . it is the most secure of the alternatives we evaluated . all outlook / exchange email that is synchronized with the blackberry device is encrypted - - including attachments - - using triple - des encryption . triple - des ( data encryption standard ) is the most secure encryption standard available today for civilian / commercial use . each blackberry device has a digital certificate , which is used in conjunction with our blackberry enterprise server to encrypt and decrypt exchange mail . the blackberry enterprise server is the interface server to our exchange environment and resides inside our firewall . therefore , all enron exchange mail is encrypted before it leaves the enron environment and is not decrypted until it reaches each blackberry device . there are some limitations , however . there are three ways to communicate with a blackberry device - - not all are encrypted . your exchange mail is synchronized with your blackberry through the blackberry enterprise server - - this form of communication is encrypted using the triple - des standard . you can communicate between blackberry devices using " pin - to - pin " paging - - this form of communication does not pass through the blackberry enterprise server and is not encrypted . however , it is scrambled - - but not using a sophisticated algorithm and it can be decoded easily by a sophisticated hacker . you can communicate with blackberry users via skytel ' s paging service by mailing to username @ skytel . com ( e . g . bobmcauliffe @ skytel . com ) - - this form of communication is sent via clear text , so it is not encrypted or scrambled . the bottom line is that all mail sent from / to outlook / exchange or internet mail sent to an @ enron . com mail address is encrypted . if you want a little more information on triple - des encryption , a good overview is at http : / / www . tropsoft . com / strongenc / des 3 . htm or if you want more information on our blackberry service , please let me know . thanks , bob 
2	Subject: from david wood london ( citibank ) letter from david wood ( london ) greetings , i am david wood the bank manager of citibank 332 oxford street , london wln 9 aa . i have urgent and very confidential business proposition for you . on june 6 , 1997 , an iraqi foreign oil consultant / contractor with the british petroluem corporation mr . haffez al sadique . made a numbered time ( fixed deposit ) for 36 calendar months , valued at us $ 20 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( twenty nine million five hundred thousand dollars only ) in my branch . upon maturity in 2000 , i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply . after a month , we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers , the british petroleum corporation that mr . haffez al sadique died as a result of torture in the hand of sadam hussein during one of his trips to his country iraq . on further investigation , i found out that he died without making a will , and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made further investigation and discovered that mr haffez al sadique . did not declare any kin or relations in all his official documents , including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of us $ 29 , 500 , 000 . 00 have been floating as unclaimed since 2000 in my bank as all efforts to get his relatives have hit the stones . according to the british law at the expiration of 8 ( eight ) years , the money will revert to the ownership of the british government if nobody applies to claim the fund and the eight years is the end of december 2004 . consequently , my proposal is that i want to seek your consent as a foreigner to stand in as the owner of the money as the next of kin to the deceased so that the bank will transfer the money to your designated account . all documents and proves to enable you get this fund will be carefully worked out . i have secured from the probate an order of mandamus to locate any of the deceased beneficiaries , and more so i are assuring you that the business is risk free involvement . your share stays while the rest be for me and for investment purpose as i will leave london by the end of the year . the sharing of the funds will be based according to agreement within me and you . as soon as i receive an acknowledgement of receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual business proposal , i will furnish you with the necessary modalities and disbursement ratio to suit both parties without any conflict . if this proposal is acceptable by you , do not take undue advantage of the trust i have bestowed in you . please , appreciate the fact that doing business over the internet is risk . endeavor to send your confidential telephone and fax number in your reply to this business . god bless you . mr david wood 
2	Subject: $ 5 for cd ' s dvd ' s expires soon at half . com * * free $ 5 coupon at half . com * * o half . com is a new site for cds , books , movies , & video games o everything is 50 - 90 % off and you get $ 5 off your first $ 10 order o plus , free shipping with your first order of 3 or more items o be sure to pass this coupon on to all your friends ! ! ! click here for 5 bucks ! your coupon code is : lifestyle 5 " use it or lose it " expires soon ! ! click here for 5 bucks ! your coupon code is : lifestyle 5 the hottest titles at 50 % off while they last - including : cds - santana , n sync , dixie chicks , jay - z , and christina aguilera project , sixth sense and matrix dvds - world is not enough , blair witch and more . . . * * free $ 5 coupon at half . com * * click here for 5 bucks ! your coupon code is : lifestyle 5 on the shopping cart page , enter your $ 5 . 00 coupon code on the right side of the page . after submitting your code , your coupon will be displayed in your shopping cart . you have received this invitation to participate in our offer because you or someone using your e - mail address agreed to receive special promotional offers from retail trade services and its web site partners . if you wish to be excluded from future offers , please reply to this message and type " unsubscribe " in the subject line . all questions can be sent to : if you wish to know more about our privacy policies , please go to  
2	Subject: inexpensive vãlium sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big calculable aspirant cowboy coproduct anything despicable concede agnomen cow amadeus account deformation ameslan apocrypha buxton correspond ballyhoo cuttlefish aspirate avalanche bagatelle carte covalent busy aberrate brad anorthite aubrey agricultural appall biography dewitt crusade czechoslovakia delicatessen cuttlefish chapel amaze botswana bedevil diode cuttlefish behalf atkins crawford coercive acetate alaska abroad assailant afforest birdbath college contraband conceit deluge cowmen desirous abominable combinatorial debauch cos audiovisual baton chortle deport billion descriptive boswell approximable corpsman analytic allotting caliphate besotted removemeplease  
2	Subject: credit resources louise : can you tell me if you have made any progress re : resource allocation for bill bradford ' s credit group to process deal flow in the west ? i had mentioned to individuals in the middle market group that you were " on it " and if there is a follow up i can give them i would like to do so . thanks ! chris chris foster chris . h . foster @ enron . com ( w ) 503 / 464 - 3822 ( cell ) 503 / 702 - 8568 
2	Subject: participation in super saturday as all of you know we are in the midst of the fall recruitment process for the analyst and associate program - the super saturday process . a major part of the process is the saturday interview which has been changed this year . interviewers now only review five candidates and the " offer " decision is now completed on the same day as the interview . this decision process is facilitated by a member of enron ' s executive committee and should be completed by 3 : 30 pm . ena is one of the major users of the analyst and associate pool and needs to be well represented at super saturday ( which we are not at this time ) . the program still needs additional interviewers and the office of the chairman of ena needs you to support the program and the interview process . signing up is now easier than ever and all you need to do is access the following web site and fill in a few blanks . the web site is as follows : http : / / axis . enron . com / notice / ssinvite . asp . the dates of super saturday ' s are listed below : associates : analysts : october 28 november 4 november 11 november 18 december 2 december 9 december 15 the selection of qualified candidates is important to ena and enron . your participation is needed , now especially for the october 28 th and november 4 th dates . please respond accordingly . thanks , ted 
2	Subject: strictly private . gooday , with warm heart my friend , i send you my greetings , and i hope this letter meets you in good time . it will be surprising to you to receive this proposal from me since you do not know me personally . however , i am sincerely seeking your confidence in this transaction , which i propose with my free mind and as a person of intergrity . i have kept it to myself for a long time , and now i need to act , as time is not on my side . i want you to open - heartedly read through and give me your most needed support . i got your address from an internet directory , in my search for a contact . i apologize if this is not acceptable to you . the purpose of this letter is to seek your most needed assistance . my name is donald phiri , the farm supervisor and personal assistant to mr . david stevens , a very popular and rich farmer from macheke , zimbabwe . my master was murdered in cold blood in my presence on 15 of april 2001 , due to the land dispute and political situation in my country , as a result of my master ' s financial support for the mdc ( movement for democratic change ) , the main opposition party to president mugabe ' s party , zimbabwe african national union patriotic front ( zanu - pf ) . for more information on my master ' s murder , you may check the amnesty international country report on zimbabwe for the year 2001 . when the pressure on white farmers started in zimbabwe due to the support given to the war veterans by president mugabe to invade farms and force out white farmers , my master forsaw the danger ahead , he then closed his major bank accounts , and together , we went to johannesburg , south africa to deposit the sum of $ 14 . 5 million ( fourten million , five hundred thousand usdollars ) , in a private security company , for safety . this money was deposited in a box in my name , as my master was being secretive with his name , as the south african government of thambo mbeki is in support of president mugabe ' s actions . the box is labeled as gemstones . my master had planned to use this money for the purchase of lands , new machines and chemicals for establishment of new farms in botswana . he has used this company in the past to move money for the purchase of tractors and farm equipment from europe . my master is divorced , and his wife valerie , and only child , diana have relocated to bradford , ! en ! gland for 9 years now . i am currently in the netherlands where i am seeking political asylum . i have now decided to transfer my master ' s money into an account for security and safety reasons . this is why i am anxiously and humbly seeking for your genuine assistance in transfering this money into an account without the knowledge of my government who are bent on taking everything my master left . you have to understand that this decision taken by me entrusts so much to you . if you accept to assist me , all i want you to do for me , is to make an arrangements with the security company to clear the box containing the money from their office here in the netherlands , and then we will transfer the money into an account . you may open a new account for this purpose . i have applied to the security company to transfer the box from south africa to their branch here , which they have done . to legally process the claim of the box , i will contact a lawyer to help me prepare a change of ownership and letter of authority to enable them recognise you as my representative , and deliver the box to you . i have with me , the certificate used to deposit the box , which we will need for claiming the box . for valuable assistance , i am offering you 10 % ( $ 1 , 450 , 000 ) of the total money . i have also set aside 1 % ( $ 145 , 000 ) of this money for all kinds of expenses that come our way in the process of this transaction , and 4 % ( $ 580 , 000 ) , will be given to charity in my master ' s name i will give 25 % ( $ 3 , 625 , 000 ) to valerie and diana , after my share of the money has been transfered back to me . when they grant my asylum application , my share of the money ( 85 % ) , will be transfered back to me , into an account i will solely own . i also intend to start up a business then . if you have knowledge of farming business in your country , or other areas of possible business investment that i may be interested in , please inform me , so that my some of my share of the money can be invested for the time being . please , i want to you maintain absolute secrecy for the purpose of this transaction due to my safety and successful conclusion of the transaction . i look forward to your reply and co - operation , and i am sure it will be nice to extend ties with you . yours sincerely , donald phiri . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: xp , adobe , autodesk , corel oem overstock sale from antoine poole ? motley % rnd _ date _ time microsoft windows xp professional edition ? houston packed with multimedia features , windows xp pro edition aims to unlock the full potential of your personal computer . it also looks great , with smooth , rounded window corners , larger and more detailed icons and a sleek - feeling desktop . ? beak retail price : $ 270 . 99 our price : $ 39 . 95 more info buy now ! clergyman office xp professional adobe photoshop 7 . 0 adobe illustrator 10 retail price : $ 579 . 99 our price : $ 59 . 95 retail price : $ 609 . 99 our price : $ 59 . 95 retail price : $ 579 . 99 our price : $ 59 . 95 more info buy now ! more info buy now ! more info buy now ! windows 2000 professional windows server 2003 corel graphics suite 11 retail price : $ 266 . 99 our price : $ 34 . 95 retail price : $ 999 . 99 our price : $ 79 . 95 retail price : $ 270 . 99 our price : $ 69 . 95 more info buy now ! more info buy now ! more info buy now ! ? costume never pay full price again ! oem - cd sells microsoft , adobe and other software at wholesale prices that blow away the competition . every product comes directly from a certified platinum level supplier . all products clearly state whether they are oem products or retail boxed . dont overpay for name brand software ever again ! 1 . ms office xp pro 2 . ms windows xp pro 3 . adobe illustrator 104 . adobe photoshop 7 . 05 . corel graphics suite 116 . ms server 20037 . cakewalk home studio 048 . macromedia fireworks 4 . 029 . ms windows 2000 pro 10 . 3 d studio max v 6 . 0 copyright 2004 oem - cd . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: software store http : / / infinity . realoemsales . com / ? a  3107 
2	Subject: new love tabs shop . visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , ciaiis , softtabs and many other love enhancers all in one ! operative support , fast shippinq , secure payment processing and complete confidentiaiity ! click here to find your verlfled by bbb and approved by vlsa iove pil 1 !  
2	Subject: accomplishments . hope this help . thanks bob 
2	Subject:  if you are paying more than 3 . 90 % on your mortgage , we can slash your payment ! guaranteed lowest rates on the planet approval regardless of credit history ! start saving today please fill out the form to receive free quotes on refinancing your home mortgage . - http : / / rd . yahoo . com / mailman / * http : / / www . saveitshopper . com / ? partid  arlenders 5 not intrested ? stop the mail . - http : / / rd . yahoo . com / ancient / * http : / / www . finalsavings . com / st . htm the with frumpy draw away all goulash work could ran frugal or  
2	Subject: claim your complimentary ibm laptop  
2	Subject: lynch announces hold on da vote and all other dwr - related decisions she has set up a special meeting on 9 / 13 at 2 pm to take up these decisions again . discussion still going on . commissioner wood is now decrying direct access and need to suspend it . will let you know if anything changes . 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 16 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011603 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: re : turbines louise : i have a call in to ben to discuss the idea . with respect to your message on steve pearlman , i worked with him for about a year . he is extremely intelligent and knowledgeable of the power industry . he sometimes has a tendency to over - analyze issues , but i think he understands risks in the industry much more than many people in our organization . he has closed and can close transaction . i have a lot of respect for him and i think he will more than pay for himself in the long - run ( responding to your question on how much he will make ) . brett louise kitchen @ ect 05 / 08 / 2001 05 : 33 pm to : brett r wiggs / sa / enron @ enron cc : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate subject : turbines what i was trying to call you about was an idea . the way ben and chris currently run the turbine book is they share everything 50 : 50 - upsides and downsides . i thought it might be a good idea to involve you so the turbine book is split 33 : 33 : 33 . obviously there is a transfer price out to projects ( internal and riogen would be included ) but this would mean our successful turbine team would have all the right incentives to assist you with the mitsubishis . if you think its a good idea - please talk to ben or chris ( calger ) who have discussed this themselves . you would need an out for riogen agreed upfront . regards louise 
2	Subject: today ' s events the enron building in houston will be closed for the rest of the day . the offices in new york and washington , d . c . have also been closed , and all employees have been accounted for . we ' re asking all houston - based employees not involved in critical operations to go home to be with their families . we have every reason to believe the enron building is safe and secure . each enron location has the discretion to determine what is in the best interest of their employees . we know of no enron employee or facility affected by today ' s tragic events . let ' s keep all the victims of these tragedies in our thoughts and prayers . if you have information that you believe may be relevant to this matter , please email john . brindle @ enron . com . for updates , view http : / / www . enron . com / corp / . 
2	Subject: another winter forecast - - this one from wsi note : add this to the noaa and salomon smith barney forecasts . lb wsi sees mild winter in northeast , cold in west in contrast to forecasts by the national oceanic and atmospheric administration ( noaa ) and salomon smith barney of a colder - than - normal winter in key energy consuming regions , wsi corp . ' s end - of - october update to its seasonal forecast for november , december and january predicts warmer - than - normal temperatures in the northeast , mid - atlantic and in the central and southern plains . wsi , however , said it expects cooler - than - normal temperatures in the gulf coast states , northern plains , great lakes states , and all areas west of the rocky mountains . " the expectation of below - normal temperatures in the north - central united states during the november - january period is similar to the oct . 18 th [ noaa ] outlook , " said todd crawford , a wsi seasonal forecaster . " the most significant difference in our outlooks is that we expect warmer - than - normal temperatures in the northeast during the period while cpc is forecasting cooler - than - normal . " wsi sees the following monthly trends : in november , cooler - than - normal temperatures are expected in the western half of the united states , the northern plains , and florida , while warmer - than - normal temperatures are expected across the central and southern plains and most of the eastern united states . in december , cooler - than - normal temperatures are anticipated across much of the country , with the exception of the southeast , new england , and parts of the central rockies . wsi sees numerous arctic outbreaks to affect the northern plains states during the month . in january , wsi forecasts warmer - than - normal temperatures across the central and southern plains , central rockies , northeast , and mid - atlantic states . cooler - than - normal temperatures are expected along the pacific coast , in the southwest , northern rockies and northern plains , and in the ohio valley . wsi said its three - month seasonal forecasts have been accurate for seven straight periods , and nine out of the last 12 . an accurate seasonal forecast is defined as one that is closer to what is actually observed versus a forecast that uses the 30 - year average temperature , it said . energy security analysis inc . ( esai ) said the latest wsi forecast for milder temperatures is bearish for gas and power prices . esai also said , however , that in the wscc the outlook for cooler - then - average conditions will translate into higher levels of heating demand . due to recent poor hydro - generation conditions , power supplies in regions like the pacific northwest and northern california could be limited , in which case higher levels of weather - induced demand are likely to bring stronger power prices . wsi is a subsidiary of landmark communications . more information about wsi can be found at www . wsienergycast . com . 
2	Subject: re : dave samuels louise thanks for the note about dave . i do not know dave but will probably pay him a visit in boston to see what we might do with them . acitivity out of their northeast office has primarily been on the nat gas side , but with their recent acquistion of central hudson ' s generation assets in ny they have been getting more active in power . i have been meaning to swing by and introduce myself on one of my trips to houston , and will be sure to do so on the next trip . regards john louise kitchen @ ect 04 / 27 / 2001 08 : 33 am to : john llodra / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : dave samuels just in case you meet him - there is a guy who left enron yesterday to join dynegy in boston . dave has been with enron since 1996 ( i think ) , joining as an associate and leaving as a vp . dave wanted to relocate back to the north east . i ' ve worked with dave for about 4 years and he a very straightforward guy , i have no idea how much we do with dynegy but dave may be a good contact for you . regards louise 
2	Subject: competitive analysis update # 21 - aftermath of terrorist strikes strategic synopsis september 21 , 2001 10 : 30 am ? the presidential address last night confirmed that a major military mobilization is under way and that a long campaign is ahead , extending well beyond afghanistan . not surprisingly , the speech did not clarify the timing of the attack . ? the president warned the taliban that unless it handed over osama bin laden and the leaders of his al - qaeda terrorist network , it would face devastating military action . " they will hand over the terrorists , or they will share in their fate , " bush told the us congress . so far , the taliban are refusing to comply . ? as such , u . s . military forces will strike in afghanistan as soon as a target of opportunity presents itself . as the president himself noted in his speech last night , some of the special forces operations will not be visible to the public , while other steps such as airstrikes will be dramatic and unmistakable . trying to figure out the precise timing of specific types of strikes is probably impossible at this point . however , we safely state the following : o the president set the stage for a long conflict last night , and equity markets are anticipating significant economic pessimism . consumer confidence is likely to worsen if additional terrorist attacks are made against u . s . targets . o our sources indicate that bush spoke at length with saudi crown prince abdullah this week , and abdullah agreed to lower oil prices . no specifics were discussed . preliminary information suggests that saudi arabia is carrying out extra liftings in the second half of september and moving crude cargoes closer to market . o when the initial attack comes against afghanistan , oil markets will likely see confirmation that no threat to crude oil supply is taking place . but speculation about further strikes against other terrorist - sponsoring states should maintain a degree of uncertainty in the market . o the war against terrorism will eventually have to deal with iran and iraq ; both are major opec producers . persuading iran to cooperate is more likely to involve diplomacy than force . some administration officials , led by deputy defense secretary paul wolfowitz , are pushing for a move against baghdad . so far , this group has been overruled by advocates of a more cautious approach , who realize that attacking iraq will seriously undermine arab support for the us . o washington also has to be concerned with stability in pakistan , where much of the population ( including senior military and intelligence figures ) supports the taliban . o terrorist retaliation to the u . s . attacks appears to be likely . attempts to strike infrastructure targets , including energy facilities both here and overseas , are expected . o on the ground today , heavy fighting is raging in northern afghanistan as opposition forces attack taliban troops . the northern alliance forces are taking advantage of us pressure on the taliban to recapture key areas and avenge the recent death of their leader . 
2	Subject: noms / actual flow for 2 / 27 we agree - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa jones / texas utilities on 02 / 28 / 2001 10 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " eileen ponton " on 02 / 28 / 2001 10 : 10 : 39 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 2 / 27 date nom flow - mcf flow - mmbtu 2 / 27 / 01 0 0 0 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: associate / analyst super saturday participation enron managing directors , vice presidents , directors , and managers who utilize the associate / analyst pool as a follow up from a " save the date " email regarding your participation in the associate and analyst super saturday process , now is the time to select your dates to attend and participate . below are the dates for super saturday weekends during the upcoming recruiting season . if you are houston - based or if you know you will be in houston on business at the appropriate times please click the link below to volunteer . ( when selecting dates please avoid selecting to interview candidates who attend the schools for which you are a team member . ) associates analysts october 27 - 28 , 2000 november 3 - 4 thunderbird , ut , georgetown , rice rice , ut , baylor , a & m , ou , florida , lsu , uhcl november 10 - 11 , 2000 november , 17 - 18 , 2000 columbia , stern nyu , ucla , darden , cornell penn , uva , vanderbilt , michigan , howard , auc , vanderbilt , michigan uhmain december , 1 - 2 , 2000 december 8 - 9 , 20000 chicago , kellogg , harvard , wharton , mit wellesley , overflow and re - schedules from previous s / s friday , december 15 , 2000 carnegie mellon thank you for your support of the associate and analyst programs . shelly jones recruiting manager 
2	Subject: re : document on it solution thanks , when i asked my lawyers abt it . . . they had no idea this existed ( and want a copy if i can get my hands on it : - ) . talked to jay , seems everything is cool . will try to get ahold of jenny in a bit . thanks anne . c . koehler subject : document on it solution i have asked one of our deal team lawyers to send you a copy of the document . her name is anne koehler . regards louise louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you . visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 29 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; start date : 12 / 29 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122910 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: q 3 comparison hi louise , as a followup from yesterday , this spreadsheet contains a comparison from june 1 - mid july . the q 3 comparison from yesterday only contains two weeks of data , so this might give a more meaningful comparison . thanks ! - - jay 
2	Subject: re : intrastate and 311 contracts for guadalupe pipeline . daren , you would need to contact the credit department in denver , co . please contact andy walls at 720 - 944 - 9541 . he is the credit manager . chris daren . j . farmer @ enron . com to : cgsyzdek @ duke - energy . com cc : 01 / 07 / 02 02 : 07 subject : re : intrastate and 311 contracts for guadalupe pipeline . pm chris , what credit requirements to you have for a new entity with an " a " credit rating ? daren - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " christopher g syzdek " @ enron sent : friday , january 04 , 2002 3 : 52 pm to : farmer , daren j . cc : brian kerns subject : intrastate and 311 contracts for guadalupe pipeline . daren , per the request of our marketer brian kerns , attached is the contract forms for both intrastate and 311 on our guadalupe pipeline . ( see attached file : form guadalupe insrastate transportation contract . doc ) ( see attached file : exhibit a - intra new 8 - 31 - 01 . doc ) ( see attached file : exhibit b - intra new 8 - 31 - 01 . doc ) ( see attached file : form guadalupe 311 transportation agreement . doc ) ( see attached file : exhibit a - 311 new 8 - 31 - 01 . doc ) ( see attached file : exhibit b - 311 new 8 - 31 - 01 . doc ) please call me if you have any questions . chris syzdek senior contract analyst 713 - 627 - 6485 - form guadalupe insrastate transportation contract . doc > - exhibit a - intra new 8 - 31 - 01 . doc > - exhibit b - intra new 8 - 31 - 01 . doc > - form guadalupe 311 transportation agreement . doc > - exhibit a - 311 new 8 - 31 - 01 . doc > - exhibit b - 311 new 8 - 31 - 01 . doc > this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: fw : hector and leslie larry joe hunter , larry cash , and jon lewis are all still with enron . will you please find out why louise thinks they are gone . thanks bob - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wed 1 / 2 / 2002 1 : 26 pm to : oquinn , kari ; hall , bob m ; beck , sally ; luce , laura cc : subject : the following people have been identified as no longer with the company although they are on the netco list . please let kari know on any changes ( jeanie is out ) . i assume there are no problems but if so let me know . larry hunter - documentation deidre mccaffrey - gas origination larry cash - gas settlements jon lewis - risk 
2	Subject: texas a & m at galveston dr . bill mcmullen called you this morning and said that you had called the school last week asking for courses that they scheduled for quantitive analysis . they gave your name to dr . mcmullen and he would like you to email him exactly what you are looking for . his email address is : mcmullew @ tamug . tamu . edu thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: re : meeting confirmation - may 18 i have a call into jo williams for her to give me more info on the meeting . i do plan on attending , unless you hear from me otherwise . mve daren j farmer 05 / 16 / 2000 04 : 20 pm to : michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meeting confirmation - may 18 mike , this is what i was talking about in our staff meeting . let me know if you can make this . d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 05 / 16 / 2000 04 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - meeting confirmation from : rosemary gracey @ enron on 05 / 16 / 2000 03 : 34 pm to : scott coburn / npng / enron @ enron , martha sumner - kenney / npng / enron @ enron , richard shepherd / npng / enron @ enron , sharon farrell / fgt / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , david hultsman / houston / eott @ eott , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , will zamer / corp / enron @ enron cc : jo williams / et & s / enron @ enron , beth jensen / npng / enron @ enron subject : meeting confirmation - may 18 topic ( s ) : " new " enron website date : thursday , may 18 location : eb 4102 in houston / rm 696 in omaha time : 1 : 30 - 2 : 30 pm for questions , please call jo williams x 7707 . 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , lorilee  
2	Subject: buy cheap pharmaceuticals through us ! image not loading ? , click here  
2	Subject: fw : [ fwd : fw : drawing by a school age child in pa ( fwd ) ] thought you guys might like to see this . tom - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " lyne martin " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 lyne + 20 martin + 22 + 20 + 3 clynemartin + 40 msn + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : friday , september 21 , 2001 1 : 42 pm to : margaret bassani ; martin , thomas a . ; tammy lanasa ; stacy ewing ; ken mary martin ; wendy lijewski subject : fw : [ fwd : fw : drawing by a school age child in pa ( fwd ) ] - - - - - original message - - - - - from : susan carlock sent : friday , september 21 , 2001 9 : 55 am to : tracy and steve schultz ; tom and lyne martin ; sara and mark hanson ; phil and isabel o ' brien ; jack and bonnie babcock ; elaine morelock ; alan carlock subject : fw : [ fwd : fw : drawing by a school age child in pa ( fwd ) ] this is just an amazing piece of art work by a school aged child . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : denise kelly [ mailto : dkelly @ us . hynix . com ] sent : thursday , september 20 , 2001 2 : 44 pm to : carl kelley ( e - mail ) ; carol moree ( e - mail ) ; mark michelle knapp ( e - mail ) ; nanette woosley ( e - mail ) ; rhonda wood ( e - mail ) ; tina carter ( e - mail ) ; tish sweeney ( e - mail ) subject : fw : [ fwd : fw : drawing by a school age child in pa ( fwd ) ] - - - - - original message - - - - - from : becky dunn sent : thursday , september 20 , 2001 12 : 25 pm to : cindy missana ( e - mail ) ; christine reyner ( e - mail ) ; tina braska ; denise kelly ; sandy reza ( e - mail ) subject : fw : [ fwd : fw : drawing by a school age child in pa ( fwd ) ] - healing . gif 
2	Subject: re : increased muscle strength and size . weight loss has never been this easy ! click - here - for - more - info to stop getting advertisements from this advertiser , click - here market re - search 8721 santa monica boulevard , # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 sys inf win 2 k v  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 11 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; start date : 12 / 11 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 24 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121124 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 24 / preferred : 469 . 59 / final : 469 . 59 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 3 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 12 / 11 / 01 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: metals recycling action - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 30 / 01 / 2001 18 : 57 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron europe from : naomi connell 29 / 01 / 2001 16 : 28 to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : metals recycling action fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by naomi connell / lon / ect on 29 / 01 / 2001 16 : 32 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron europe from : naomi connell 29 / 01 / 2001 16 : 28 to : fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect cc : joe gold / lon / ect @ ect subject : metals recycling action i have discussed further with joe . update on african deal we are still awaiting confirmation on the background checks for the counterparty - it seems unlikely that there is any link to government agencies . there is no proof that the recycling management in hamburg gave any direct authorisation on this deal . they do not see anything particularly wrong with it either - to them this is completely different to the indian deals as they were not involved with preparing the documentation , merely accepting it from a third party . they see the car purchase ( second hand toyota ) as a simple payment mechanism rather than a bribe . the instructions that they gave to their team in october was to cease all of the indian deals - they seem not to have applied an ethical motive to this , but more a specific dictate covering india . doug imrie is currently reviewing all other international deals and is working through with stephan scheppler ( the manager of the frankfurt office ) , what will and will not be acceptable going forward . a list of written instructions will be issued following this review . we do not believe that any action against stephan scheppler will help to achieve anything in terms of improvement in management going forward . under german law it would probably be very difficult to prove that he has acted against instructions ( indeed he does not seem to have received the right instructions ) . we do believe that to tighten the top management organisation would provide a firm and clear message to the management : we can do this in two ways : 1 . to nominate matz heil ( previously bergman ) to lead the 4 person management team ( currently they are all equal and have individual approaches ) 2 . to have him reporting directly into rob soeldner in order to give the commercial direction an enron approach . joe will take steps to implement this when he returns from ny at the end of this week . at this point we will communicate the action to houston . naomi 
2	Subject: re : recent hardware repair joe , we are extremely pleased with the support we receive from your team . the problem was fixed very quickly . vince from : joe langston / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 27 / 2001 11 : 31 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : recent hardware repair vince , recently the hardware services team performed work on a piece of equipment for you . the technician that performed the work was jd marter , and this is just a follow up to insure that your problem was resolved . it is our goal to provide you with the best service possible , so please feel free to respond to this email if you have any comments that may help us provide you better service in the future . attached you will find a work log detailing what was done to resolve your issue . if you have any questions , or if the problem is not completely resolved please feel free to contact me . thank you , joe langston team lead hardware services office : 713 - 345 - 8883 cell : 713 - 545 - 5912 pager : 877 - 239 - 2794 
2	Subject: discounted prescription drugs online need vicodin ? phentermine we ' re fast . low price prescription pain meds . free md consult fast shipping ! no more pain - get more info now  
2	Subject: your pharmacy fk do you want a cheap perscriptions ? http : / / www . nopalns . com /  
2	Subject: passport signup > here you go , take care . steven wakefield el paso energy helpdesk phone : 713 - 420 - 5109 fax : 713 - 420 - 5354 this email and any files transmitted with it from el paso energy corporation are confidential and intended solely for the use of the individual or entity to whom they are addressed . if you have received this email in error please notify the sender . - passport _ energy _ services _ signup . doc 
2	Subject: us hot sto - cks structure technology report may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate release investors and traders : pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc . aerofoam metals inc is a | eading structural technology company focused on the development commercialization of foamed aiuminum products and components for the worid market . in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technology and little competition . symbol : pgpu . pk current price : 0 . 64 short term target price : $ 2 . 25 12 month target price : $ 5 . 25 pinnaclegli . com aerofoam metals inc investment considerations : - limited competition - commitment to rd - cutting edge structura | technoiogy aerofoammetals . com press release - - may loth , 2005 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam the company following extended re - negotiations with the major shareholder and management of aerofoam metais incorporated ( aerofoam ) have reached an agreement in principle . the parties have entered into a binding letter of intent , whereby , pinnacle wi | | acquire ail of the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacle . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of aerofoam upon this acquisition wi | | be 3 , 5 oo , ooo common shares . the major sharehoider of aerofoam who beneficialiy owns 56 % of al | the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding shareholders agreement immediateiy and to hoid a specia | shareholder meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing this letter of intent . pinnacle group ltd profiie : pinnacle group is a u . s . based holding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skiiled entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of achieving their goals as part of a larger organization . the company provides capital and management assistance to ventures that have the potential to mature into pubiicly traded companies . the company works cioseiy with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goals . the company has great short term specuiative potentia | as well as the potential for long term growth . we beiieve the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25 we believe the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25 this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick ! piease follow this one trade friday ! nothing in this e - mail shouid be considered personaiized investment advice . although our employees may answer your genera | customer service questions , they are not licensed under securities | aws to address your particular investment situation . no communication by our empioyees to you shouid be deemed as personalized investment advice . we expressiy forbid our writers from having a financia | interest in any security recommended to our readers . ail of our empioyees and agents must wait 24 hours after on - line publication or 72 hours after the mailing of printed - oniy publication prior to foliowing an initial recommendation . any investments recommended in this | etter shouid be made only after consuiting with your investment advisor and only after reviewing the prospectus or financia | statements of the company . to cancel by mail or for any other subscription issues , repiy piease to : no _ morenewsletters 4 @ yahoo . com ( c ) 2 oo 5 investment newsietter a | | rights reserved  
2	Subject: orlginal softwares at 50 dollar each delivers to all countries wherewith preexamine filmable % custom _ storyol softwares super cheeap & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . 00 ; you saave $ 249 . 00 microsoft office xp professional - my price : $ 100 ; normal : $ 499 . 95 ; you saave $ 399 . 95 microsoft office 2003 professional - my price : $ 80 ; normal : $ 499 . 95 ; you saave $ 419 . 95 norton antivirus 2004 professional - my price : $ 15 ; normal : $ 69 . 95 ; you saave $ 54 . 95 adobe acrobaat v 6 . 0 professional pc - my price : $ 100 ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 adobe photoshop cs v 8 . 0 pc - my price : $ 80 ; normal : $ 609 . 99 ; you save $ 529 . 99 adobe pagemaker v 7 . 0 pc - my price : $ 80 ; normal : $ 599 . 95 ; you saave $ 519 . 95 coreldraw graphics suite v 12 pc - my price : $ 100 ; normal : $ 349 . 95 ; you saave $ 249 . 95 we do have full range softwares : mac , 321 studios , adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , suse . symantec , vmware softwares & 262 more popular titles for you > > checkk out 262 more popular softwares on our site start from $ 15 - $ 60 each softwareabsolute no expensive price for you - -    come to our site here    - - - dont want any % custom _ storyol  
2	Subject: tenaska iv the attached memo is being forwarded at the request of jeff hodge . joanne rozycki senior administrative assistant enron north america corp . 1400 smith street , eb 3880 d houston , tx 77002 phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 5968 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3490 email : joanne . rozycki @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : draft aep agreement ( another ) required cps           aep must return $ 84 . 5 mm of margin under new master netting threshold ( total exposure $ 129 . 6 mm under $ 100 mm line requires net $ 30 mm posted by enron , total margin posted $ 114 , 500 , 000 ) aep must make settlement of gbp 6 . 7 mm under gtma between ectrl and aep ltd . which was due 11 / 14 / 01 ena to pay $ 14 , 153 , 688 . 78 to aep energy services inc . for hpl settlement ( needs final execution by koehler / redmond ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sager , elizabeth sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 12 : 03 pm to : sager , elizabeth ; bradford , william s . ; kitchen , louise ; st . clair , carol cc : portz , david subject : re : draft aep agreement ( another ) here is another incorporating recent ideas > elizabeth sager 713 - 853 - 6349 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sager , elizabeth sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 11 : 11 am to : bradford , william s . ; kitchen , louise ; st . clair , carol cc : portz , david subject : draft aep agreement ( rough ) rough first draft . i ' ll come down soon . thanks > elizabeth sager 713 - 853 - 6349 
2	Subject: response to pogo for l / cs attached for your review and comments is the proposed response to pogo . thanks , mike eb 3847 ( 713 ) 853 - 6667 did ( 713 ) 646 - 4842 fax 
2	Subject: out of office - mark haedicke i am having surgery on my upper lip on january 14 and required reconstructive surgery the following day , january 15 . i am told by my doctors that i may not be able to talk for several days following the surgery . when necessary , we may need to communicate by e - mail . i will definitely be out of the office january 14 and 15 . i plan to take my recovery day - by - day and will return to the office as soon as i am able . my home telephone number is ( 281 ) 496 - 5276 and my cell number is ( 713 ) 582 - 2367 . janette elbertson on behalf of mark haedicke enron wholesale services legal department telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 7906 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 2600 e - mail : janette . elbertson @ enron . com 
2	Subject: hp usb fdd @ $ 19 . 90 hp usb floppy disk drive hewlett packard usb 1 . 44 mb floppy disk drive $ 19 . 90 * minimum quantities apply this hewlett packard floppy disk drive provides instant access to floppy media . the usb interface makes connections easy whether you are on the road or at your desk ! general features : - black external case - usb interface - 1 . 44 mb capacity - excellent anti - noise properties - low power consumption - 300 rpm rotational speed - led activity indicator - plug and play - hot swappable visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective ownershp only for sale in the middle east products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 3 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: heisser fetish mann war das ein wochenende ! geile schlampen in lack und leder , fesselungen . atemberaubender sex unter extremen bedingungen . wow , da ging aber einer ab . sowas habe ich noch nie gesehen . geile videos und massenhaft heftige bilder und alles unter einem dach wo ich das gesehen habe ? na hier : http : / / www . netporni . com g?nn dir mal das vergn?gen michi lif  
2	Subject: specal offer on wndows millenium cheap pc software prices brand new legal software at affordable pr ! ces ! windows x . p professional + office x * p professional for as low as 8 o $ learn more : http : / / crest . bestsoftshop . info / the stock is limited the offer is valid till december 29 th your wachovia account antwan rosario fowler hunan senan industries and trade imp & exp . co . , ltd . , 410005 , china phone : 184 - 561 - 4469 mobile : 576 - 221 - 1257 email : vnvwjluclzgrra @ duse . net this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this freeware is a 16 second trial package notes : the contents of this reply is for attention and should not be pugnacious dell dab frontier insolvable time : sat , 11 dec 2004 20 : 03 : 56 + 0200 
2	Subject: bring on the best software . . . at the most reasonable prices ! best software prices . why can ' t they invent something for us to marry instead of women ? ah ! the clock is always slow ; it is later than you think . 
2	Subject: see you monday , august 20 th in dallas ! don ' t forget to join us on monday , august 20 th at cityplace , just outside downtown dallas to hear trrc chairman michael l . williams and david dewhurst , commissioner of the texas general land office , present their views of the state of the energy industry in texas ! cityplace is located at 2711 n . haskell , and registration will begin at 11 : 30 a . m . in the foyer of the turtle creek i ballroom where a cash bar will be available . lunch service begins at noon and chairman williams will speak at 12 : 30 p . m . , followed by commissioner dewhurst . for directions to cityplace , please call 214 / 828 - 7050 . nesa / hea members pay only $ 35 in advance , or $ 40 at the door . all registrations received wishing to pay at the door will be billed if you do not attend . non - members pay $ 50 or can pay $ 75 which includes nesa / hea membership through 2001 . dress is business casual . fax in the bottom portion of this message with your credit card payment or payment will be required at the door at that rate of $ 40 for members , and $ 60 for non - members . don ' t delay ! we have a great turnout already registered ! see you on the 20 th in dallas ! name _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ company _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ nesa / hea member ? _ _ _ _ _ phone number _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ credit card number _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ expiration date _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ amount paid _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ teresa a . knight vice president , member services teresa . knight @ nesanet . org ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 fax ( 713 ) 856 - 6199 
2	Subject: re : download basis differential for tw ( rms _ basis table ) gary , changes related to tw basis differential for tw deal analysis is completed . michelle lokay has reviewed the new index price using the new tables and logic . the migration does not impact other applications . please approve it and forward it to margaret waters mail box . margaret , per your instruction , these are things we need for this migration . 1 . delete view rms _ basis _ nymex _ view on etsmoe . gpgrms and etshouspo 9 . gpgrms 2 . create new view view rms _ basis _ nymex _ partial _ view on etsmoe . gpgrms and etshouspo 9 . gpgrms 3 . modify the ashwin job : dba mojo misc : twprodol . rms _ basis _ load to pull from the new view 4 . migrate stored procedures mchen . up _ twda _ create _ path mchen . up _ twda _ deal _ analysis in etstest / twprodol to dbo in etstest / twprodol , etsmo / twprodol , and mojo / twprodol . grant exec to developers in etstest . grant exec to twdp in etsmo and mojo . thanks , mei - ling - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by meiling chen / et & s / enron on 12 / 04 / 2000 02 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - margaret waters 11 / 29 / 2000 10 : 23 am to : mei - ling chen / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : download basis differential for tw ( rms _ basis table ) mei - ling , i put the index table on etstest . twprodol , etsmo . twprodol , and mojo . twprodol and i have added a job to refresh the new table in production . in development ( etshousdl 1 . gpgrms ) i have dropped the view rms _ basis _ nymex _ view and created a new view rms _ basis _ nymex _ partial _ view . i have also loaded the data to etstest . twprodol . after you have tested and when you request the migration , please request the deletion of the view rms _ basis _ nymex _ view on etsmoe . gpgrms and etshouspo 9 . gpgrms and the creation of the new view in these two environments . also request the modification of the ashwin job : dba mojo misc : twprodol . rms _ basis _ load to pull from the new view . please send the request directly to my mail box , i will complete and send to the ets dba mailbox as completed . margaret meiling chen 11 / 21 / 2000 04 : 57 pm to : margaret waters / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : download basis differential for tw ( rms _ basis table ) yes , i need the same logic for " nymex " like the attached query . for nymex , and the four new tw index , i only need the most current data for the application . thanks , mei - ling margaret waters 11 / 21 / 2000 03 : 04 pm to : mei - ling chen / et & s / enron @ enron cc : kenagy garyenagy / ots / enron @ enron , kim kouri / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : download basis differential for tw ( rms _ basis table ) meiling , do you want the same logic you have in the attached query for the " nymex " also or like the current nymex selection do you want everything and you filter the most current ? also for the future , creation of new tables require a database change form . thanks , margaret meiling chen 11 / 14 / 2000 05 : 58 pm to : margaret waters / et & s / enron @ enron cc : kenagy garyenagy / ots / enron @ enron , kim kouri / et & s / enron @ enron subject : download basis differential for tw ( rms _ basis table ) margaret , the basis differential for tw is available in rms database now , i like to request a nightly download from rms database to twprodol database in etstest / etsmo / mojo . you set up nymex price dowload to rms _ basis for me ealier . since there are more than one type of index coming in this time , i think we also need rms _ index in sybase side . attached is the sample sql from ray volpone . thanks , mei - ling 
2	Subject: re : mg metals : additional areas to look at dear richard , thanks for your message - i just met lloyd fleming who is setting up meetings for me and getting me some of the information requested . houston research has started on this process , but i believe that i will take over from here - i am in houston in 10 days time and will also discuss initial findings with them . regards , anjam hmad london research x 35383 richard sage 30 / 06 / 2000 09 : 50 to : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : mg metals : additional areas to look at phil redman will come to see you to capture appropriate tasks on the overall project plan and identify dependencies . i hope lloyd has kept you up to date so far . i have added you to the address list for daily updates affecting the support functions . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard sage / lon / ect on 30 / 06 / 2000 09 : 50 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron europe from : anjam ahmad 30 / 06 / 2000 09 : 46 to : lloyd fleming / lon / ect @ ect , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect , dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect subject : mg metals : additional areas to look at dear lloyd & richard , i have been discussing with eric gadd about two particular areas of concern that will affect the london research group . i believe there are a number of issues to address to ensure that the integration goes smoothly from a risk management and quantitative analysis perspective , and i have put together a ( by no means exhaustive ) list : - i ) seamless transfer of front and middle office systems from an exotic options linking perspective ( e . g . their spreadsheets link to different option pricing add - ins ) ii ) development of volatility curves and factor analysis to ensure that we can capture metals risk in our var system ( we will require historical data for this ) . i am sure bjorn will be looking to the research group to assist in this matter . iii ) ensure that mg staff on quant and risk side become familiar with our methods and systems and vice versa these tasks will involve a significant degree of cross - communication with relevant contacts within mg metals , and so i look forward to starting on the process as soon as possible - i hope to play a full part from a quantitative research and risk management perspective to ensure that everything goes smoothly in this exciting new development , so please do not hesitate to involve me . best regards , anjam ahmad research x 35383 
2	Subject: re : meter 5892 i need help ! john childres with alpine is getting made and wants to be paid . i have nothing to pay him . he is looking for payment of dec . 2000 , and jan . 2001 . john needs to pay his royalty owners . would someone please help me get this matter resolved . charlene richmond 02 / 21 / 2001 05 : 38 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter 5892 i spoke with karen lindley about volume not being allocated . she said that she passed it on to fred boas . daren j farmer 02 / 21 / 2001 04 : 46 pm to : charlene richmond / hou / ect @ ect cc : fred boas / hou / ees @ ees , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : meter 5892 i have done deals with john at this point . why are we not being allocated any volume ? d charlene richmond 02 / 21 / 2001 02 : 59 pm to : fred boas / hou / ees @ ees , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect cc : karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron subject : meter 5892 i am getting several phone calls from alpine resources demanding to be paid for meter 5892 and there is nothing there to be paid . the person name doing the requesting is john childers and he said that he spoke to daren farmer . he is looking for 859 mmbtu ' s for december , 2000 and 3 , 251 mmbtu ' s for january 2001 . this is on the katy gas unit . if anyone would like to talk to john his phone number is 281 - 646 - 0232 charlene x 31539 
2	Subject: a new era of online medical care . right place to look for buying cheap viagra online ! emancipate yourselves from mental slavery , none but ourselves can free our minds . don ' t let it end like this . tell them i said something . measure not the work until the day ' s out and the labor done . 
2	Subject: re : credit reserve update we have not done any recent analysis since the end of january or maybe even the end of december . i will have rod nelson and tanya rohauer relook at the impact of the changing yield curve on credit reserve . we have a lot of improvements we need to make on our current methodology when we have the time and resources to dedicate to it . bill vince j kaminski 02 / 17 / 2000 10 : 14 am to : william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : credit reserve update bill , most recent vincent ' s update on what ' s going on with the credit model . another issue . i am increasingly concerned with our general approach to the generation of probabilities of default . recent developments in the credit markets are likely to change completely the dynamics and levels of interest rate spreads . i am curious if you looked at the credit reserve based on the current yield curves ( as of the last few days ) . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 17 / 2000 09 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vincent tang 02 / 15 / 2000 05 : 12 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect subject : credit reserve update 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 7 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; start date : 1 / 7 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010719 . txt 
2	Subject: g ! ft $ hoppers w ! n c @ sh the garden of e $ 210 , 000 cash give away click here for details gifts for everyone , everyday of the year theg ardenofe . com click here if you are unable to view this message this message is sent to you in compliance with the federal can - spam bill and the electronic commerce ( ec directive ) regulations of 2004 . this is a commercial email which includes an unsubscribe method for remove processing as mandated by law . footer also includes the sender ' s information . quantum international 5985 s . university dr . # 138 davie , florida 33328 to be excluded from future mailings , please reply to this email with " rem " in the subject line  
2	Subject: fw : meeting with jeff skilling louise , per our conversation of last week , you might be interested in the following meetings . k - - - - - original message - - - - - from : chapman , kay sent : wednesday , february 07 , 2001 5 : 55 pm to : taylor , liz ; heathman , karen ; daw , nicki ; taylor , liz ; kimberly hillis / hou / ect @ enron ; sera , sherri ; lehr , tonai ; watson , denys ; gutierrez , anabel cc : chapman , kay subject : meeting with jeff skilling dave delainey has asked that i contact each of you for the following meetings : date : february 22 , 2001 date : february 22 , 2001 thursday thursday time : 9 : 00 am - 9 : 45 am time : 9 : 45 am - 10 : 30 am location : mr . skilling ' s office location : mr . skilling ' s office topic : charter review 2001 topic : charter review 2001 attendees : jeff skilling attendees : jeff skilling rick buy rick buy mark frevert mark frevert dave delainey dave delainey john lavorato john lavorato john thompson michael l . miller scott josey if you have any questions , please feel free to call me . thanks , kay 3 - 0643 
2	Subject: re : netco organisational charts have been requested by one of the potential buyers . please send to tammie by close of play tomorrow . thanks - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 12 : 54 pm to : colwell , wes ; hodges , georgeanne ; milnthorp , rob ; zufferli , john ; hedstrom , peggy ; myers , thomas ; bradford , william s . ; will , lloyd ; beck , sally ; hall , bob m ; presto , kevin m . ; forster , david ; reeves , leslie ; gaskill , chris ; superty , robert ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; tycholiz , barry ; redmond , brian ; vickers , frank ; gossett , jeffrey c . ; arnold , john ; grigsby , mike ; allen , phillip k . ; neal , scott ; martin , thomas a . ; shively , hunter s . ; wynne , rita ; rub , jenny ; webb , jay ; haedicke , mark e . ; buy , rick ; calger , christopher f . ; duran , w . david ; robinson , mitch ; curry , mike ; heizenrader , tim ; belden , tim ; white , stacey w . ; steffes , james d . ; aucoin , berney c . ; roberts , mike a . ; oxley , david cc : lavorato , john subject : netco the new year has arrived and we really to finalize a lot of the work with regards to moving into netco . obviously we still do not have a deal but the deadline is approaching and preparations need to be finalized . the main areas to focus on over the next week are : - ( i ) re - start / integration plans ( due on jan 7 ) to be forwarded to louise these plans need to be detailed and show clear detailed timelines and detailed responsibilities for getting us up and running as soon as possible . the current restart date is january 21 , 2001 but may be pushed forward to january 14 , 2002 . ( ii ) budget ( due jan 3 , 2002 ) to be forwarded to faith killen first year budget to include all start up costs ( some of which can be amortized ) ( iii ) seating plans tammy shepperd to co - ordinate we need to start the planning process for seating as we will be living on floors 5 & 6 of the enron south building . i have asked tammy shepperd to commence the seating plan and we would look to start the moves as soon as possible but with a large number occuring around january 11 , 2002 . ( iv ) due diligence we continue the process with two new companies this week ( wednesday and thursday ) . andy zipper is taking the lead for the company arriving on wednesday , please help him with his requirements . i would ask that both john and i are notified of any changes to the netco personnel list on a timely fashion and that the list is maintained on a continual basis . please forward all alterations to jeanie slone who has responsibility for the master list . communication - i believe that the new year combined with a internal communication issues may be a good time to review what we want to say on netco and what our policies are . i am asking david oxley to co - ordinate with all of you on this . i know a lot of you believe that we need to only communicate once we have retention programme in place for the estate which may be a good idea but we we need to make sure that we lose as few people as possible . if you are unavailable this week , please ensure you delegate this work out . happy new year louise 
2	Subject: nurses , military , cops . . women in uniform click here to be removed  
2	Subject: promote your business the power of email marketing email marketing is spreadingaround the wholeworld because of itshigh effectiveness , speedandlow cost . now if you want to introduce and sell your product or service , look for apartner toraise your website ' s reputation . the best way would be for youtouseemail to contact your targeted customer ( of course , first , youhave toknow their email addresses ) . targeted email is no doubt very effective . if you can introduce your product or service throughemail directly to the customerswho are interestedin them , this will bringyour businessabetter chanceof success . xinlan internet marketing center , has many years of experience in developingand utilizinginternet resources . we have setupglobal business email - addressdatabases whichcontain millionsof email addresses of commercial enterprises and consumers all over the world . theseemails are sorted bycountries and fields . wealso continuo - usly update our databases , add new addresses and remove undeliverable and unsubscribed addresses . with the co - operation with our partners , we can supplyvalid targeted emailaddresses according to your requirements , by which youcan easily and directly contactyour potentialcustomers . with our help many enterprises and individualshavegreatly raised thefame of theirproducts or service and found many potential customers . we also supplya wide varietyof software . for example , wcast , the software forfast - sending emails : this software is a powerful internet email - marketing application which is perfect for individuals or businesses to sendmultiple customized email messages to their customers . we are pleased tooffer youour best prices : emails or software remarks price 30 , 000 targeted email addresses we are able to supply valid targeted email addresses according to your requirements , which are only compiled on your order , such as region / country / occupation / field / domain name ( such as aol . com or msn . com ) etc . usd 30 . 00 classified email addresses our database contains more than 1600 sorts of email addresses , and can meetyour moststringent demands . 8 million email addresses 8 million global commercial enterprise email addresses usd 240 . 00 wcast software software for fast - sending emails . this program can send mailat the rate of over 10 , 000 emails per hour , and release informationto thousands of people in a short time . usd 39 . 00 email searcher software software for searching targeted email addresses . usd 98 . 00 global trade poster spread information about your business and your products to over 1500 trade message boards and newsgroups . usd 135 . 00 jet - hits plus 2000 pro software for submitting website to 8000 + search engines . usd 79 . 00 you mayorder the email listsorsoftware directly from our website . for further details , pleaserefer to our website . we will be honoured if you are interested in our services or software . please do not hesitate to contact uswith any queries or concern you may have . wewill behappy to serve you . best regards ! k . peng marketing manager xinlancenter @ 163 . com http : / / emaildata . 51 software . net xinlan internet marketing center you are receiving this email because you registered to receive special offers from one of our marketing partners . if you would prefer not to receive future emails , please click here to unsubscribe , or send a blank e - mail to emailcentre @ up 369 . com  
2	Subject: generic viag [ ra . the best $ 2 . 50 you ' ll ever spend !  
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : lochnessclansman @ aol . com ( generated from info @ stayatlochness . com ) smtp error from remote mail server after end of data : host mailin - 03 . mx . aol . com [ 205 . 188 . 158 . 121 ] : 554 - : ( hvu : bl ) http : / / postmaster . info . aol . com / errors / 554 hvubl . html 554 transaction failed - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 222 . 108 . 233 . 182 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by uk 2 mxarray 4 . uk 2 . net with smtp ( exim 4 . 52 ) id ldupsa - 0001 oe - vq for info @ stayatlochness . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 02 : 51 + 0100 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815476 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 from : " barry castillo " to : info @ stayatlochness . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal x - sa - exim - connect - ip : 222 . 108 . 233 . 182 x - sa - exim - mail - from : projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org subject : just to her . . . content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - spam - checker - version : spamassassin 3 . 0 . 4 ( 2005 - 06 - 05 ) on uk 2 mxserver 4 - 9 . uk 2 . net x - spam - level : * * * x - spam - status : no , score  3 . 3 required  99 . 0 tests  drugs _ erectile , drug _ dosage , html _ 50 _ 60 , html _ message , info _ tld , mime _ html _ only autolearn  no version  3 . 0 . 4 x - sa - exim - version : 4 . 0 ( built sat , 24 jul 2004 09 : 53 : 34 + 0200 ) x - sa - exim - scanned : yes ( on uk 2 mxarray 4 . uk 2 . net ) soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: enron global messaging announcement over the last few months , we have been discussing our standard e - mail platform with you , our customer . your feedback from the various demonstrations , surveys and technology showcases validated that e - mail is a vital part of your ability to communicate effectively . however , your feedback also indicated that you need your e - mail client to have additional functionality and increased integration with other applications you use . therefore , to meet the demands of our fast - paced business , enron net works is standardizing our e - mail platform by deploying microsoft outlook 2000 to all the business units we currently support for messaging . ( project plans for ebs , ees and azurix are still being finalized and will be communicated separately . ) this conversion from lotus notes to outlook 2000 will improve your ability to communicate and provide a more consistent look and feel across the standard office applications you use on a daily basis . we are excited about this opportunity to provide a more robust , full function solution for your messaging needs . to provide you with additional details about the conversion from lotus notes to outlook 2000 , we are including a list of frequently asked questions about this project . how does this project affect me ? your current lotus notes e - mail system will be converted to microsoft outlook 2000 . what is microsoft outlook 2000 ? outlook 2000 is the messaging client you will use to read your e - mail , update your calendar and personal address book , record to do lists , etc . why are we switching to outlook 2000 ? outlook 2000 integrates more effectively with our new operating system , windows 2000 , and the microsoft products that enron currently uses . with outlook 2000 , we can provide you with a more robust mail platform including the following new features : instant messaging  ) ability to send person - to - person , immediate , pop - up messages . improved palm / ce synchronization  ) allows for simpler and quicker updates of your hand held device from multiple places . conferencing server  ) ability to conduct video conferences from your desktop . web access  ) ability to retrieve your enron e - mail via a browser . fax integration  ) ability to send / receive faxes from your e - mail inbox . voice mail integration  ) ability to have your voice mail delivered to your e - mail inbox for retrieval . when will the outlook 2000 rollout start and when will i get it ? the pilot will begin in late october with the production rollout beginning in late november . we are finalizing our business unit rollout schedule . additional information will be provided to all business units as it becomes available . project updates will be posted on the project section of the it central web site at http : / / itcentral . enron . com . additionally , you may send questions to outlook . 2000 @ enron . com , and a member of the project team will be happy to address these individually . 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viagra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miilions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject:  ? ansi _ x 3 . 4 - 1968 ? q ? use _ of _ corporate _ american _ expre ?  in light of recent events , effective immediately , all usage of the corporate american express card is restricted to transactions ( approved by your management ) for business travel at airline , hotel , car rental and restaurant establishments . transactions attempted at other establishments will be denied at the point of sale . effective friday , december 7 th , all charge privileges on all corporate american express corporate cards will be suspended indefinitely . there will be no charge activity allowed on any card after close of business on friday , december 7 , 2001 . enron and each cardholder maintain joint liability on all authorized business related charges on the corporate american express card . each individual cardholder maintains sole liability for non - business related charges . it is highly recommended that all outstanding and approved business expenses incurred on the american express corporate card be submitted through xms for reimbursement as soon as incurred . we are continuously working on solutions to facilitate business travel processes . if you have an immediate need or solution , please let us know . for assistance , please contact : tracy ramsey , director global travel services ( 713 ) 646 - 8311 , tracy . ramsey @ enron . com enron travel management ( 713 ) 345 - 6252 , enron travel @ enron . com . 
2	Subject: is it funny ? cutters crackpot interferingly enforcers slashes viscounts beguiles firmed hoped ligament dodecahedral aperture telescoping felicia ascends guy referential melville arson tip commercially adjustors diaries hamiltonian ascertains laidlaw accuse accurately ervin bossed drone coolness robbie reminiscently earthmover antics frigate - - phone : 231 - 955 - 7737 mobile : 286 - 436 - 5424 email : holzman @ allracing . com  
2	Subject: reimbursement of individually billed items the use of cell phones and pagers has increased dramatically in the past few years . as a result the accounts payable department has seen a rapid increase in the number of invoices and vendors . with the higher volume , we have reviewed our processes in order to continue our rapid payment cycle . although we encourage vendors to address their invoices to individual employees , they often mail invoices directly to accounts payable . at times they fail to list the individual who uses the pager or cell phone . in these cases we return the invoice to the vendor . if the employee is designated , we try to track him / her down and forward the invoice . the high level of employee movement among jobs and locations at enron has made this increasingly challenging . either way , we end up doing something less productive than paying invoices . to maintain satisfactory response to our vendors and to reduce time necessary for research , we request that employees who have pagers , cell phones , and other individually billed items such as licenses , subscriptions , etc . , pay for them by personal check or charge card ( if applicable  * payment instructions are usually indicated on the invoice ) and request reimbursement through employee expense reports . by submitting these charges on your expense report , you can help us reduce the amount of time spent researching and forwarding invoices , the number of checks generated by treasury , the number of vendors in our database , and the turnaround time for payment of invoices . 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it wiii be invisibie virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in piaces where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , magdalenefranks _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: the weekend cometh ahoy young williams . where do you want to play golf on friday ? i think something in north or east portland would be cool . we definitely need to get a pony keg for the bbq friday afternoon . the note i sent at work is copied below . only a couple people have responded . later . - kuehn - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kuehn , m scott sent : tuesday , june 26 , 2001 2 : 56 pm to : szatkiewicz , jason m ; staneff , matthew a ; breuer , lisa a ; nicholson , bradley a ; hroncich , timothy b ; mcguire , mike ; junker , richard d ; behunin , abigail j ; greenfield , scott d ; jarman , parry w ; tseng , nancy h ; maloney , paul ; bunnell , lisa a ; lee , ken ; corless , preston l ; lowell , randall w ; hass , sam m ; hess , mike j ; billa , roberto a subject : timbers game this friday to all , the portland timbers are playing this friday evening . admission is ~ $ 5 and the game starts at 7 pm . these games are a blast and it would be fun if we could get a group together . there will be a pre - party at my house from 5 : 30 - 7 : 00 . please let me know if you would like to go . also , please forward this message to anyone else in your team that would be interested . directions to my house and pge park are attached . directions to my house ( we will be in the backyard ) : portland timbers / pge park info : - scott 
2	Subject: i 43 - download unlimited movies , music , games , tv shows , software , id : e 414 vkl 6 id : 7486 zf 48 - sat , 19 jun 2004 22 : 12 : 14 - 0500 no contralateral breach repellent palette forgave antedate hireling studebaker ruth joust straggle phonetic mediocrity casualty merchandise dingo germane chord bacterium vulpine maudlin eventide law piotr automat moravia cheek adherent garter skyhook ale dally volvo andy plushy constitution hostelry itinerant preparatory wardroom debra extrusive flip volume flagstone slang exuberant nolo inept debugger noose sub burgher abetted tall cortege delia thuggee costello priggish voyage hireling vassar rena murre deterring flo sprain cornell id : z 955 zh 78 malicetuxedo wrongful expunge naturopath underclassman bater revelatory bunch neurology upend clone spent anthony winy ronald agenda extol turtle bonfire classic costello lubricant restraint citadel decipher lye rustle message antipodes arcturus bianco farnsworth spurious rerouted anchovy miscreant thrift dunn petrel bland crosswise malcolm bromine remiss grudge newt surtax catv death dichondra sulfurous devil radix deathbed limp geocentric cauliflower linemen saloon 
2	Subject: re : houston visit soussan , let ' s meet at westin oaks next to the reception around 6 : 30 p . m . thursday . there are several nice restaurants within a walking distance to the galleria . i shall make a reservation ( is italian or a steakhouse ok ? ) . you can reach me on thursday at my cell phone 713 410 5396 . look forward to meeting you . vince " faiz , soussan " on 11 / 27 / 2000 04 : 37 : 30 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : houston visit great ! i look forward to our dinner on thurs . 12 / 7 evening . hopefully your flight will be on time . . . although having watched 60 minutes last night and suffered from a # of delays lately , let ' s hope that the " weather blame " doesn ' t get in the way . it ' s best to leave me a message @ my usual work # on thurs . , 914 253 4187 , . . . i can easily check it in houston . i ' ll be staying @ the westin oaks in the galleria . . . any preferred place that i can book ( & for what time ) ? ? coming over to down town won ' t be a problem for me either . will be great to see you again . soussan 914 253 4187 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : monday , november 27 , 2000 12 : 10 pm to : faizs @ texaco . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : houston visit soussan , thanks for your message . it would be great to meet you when you come to houston . i shall be in town on december 7 , flying back from philly in the morning . assuming that the flight is on schedule , i shall be available for dinner . please , let me know how i can contact you on thursday , december the 7 th , to confirm . look forward to meeting you . vince " faiz , soussan " on 11 / 26 / 2000 09 : 04 : 01 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : houston visit dear vince , greetings from ny and hope that all is well and you had a great thanksgiving . i ' ll be coming to houston for 12 / 6 - 12 / 7 and hope you are available either evening for dinner . would be great to see you again and catch up with the latest . . . i really enjoyed my visit last april , your insights , and the risk book you gave me . i do hope you ' re available to meet and pls let me know which evening suits you better . best , soussan faiz texaco inc . 914 253 4187 
2	Subject: sildenafil citrate for less  
2	Subject: dfarmer @ enron . com - thank you for placing your order at footlocker . com thank you for placing your order at footlocker . com . foot locker appreciates your business and we hope you visit again soon . foot locker has shipped your item ( s ) today via standard shipping ( approximately 3 - 7 business days mon - fri ) . your order number is 1206478 . 00 ; your customer number is 2481611 . your order was shipped to : 2747 meadow tree ln spring , tx 773885434 the following item ( s ) were included in this shipment : item price shipped subtotal nike air team unite - wht / blk 29 . 99 1 29 . 99 items subtotal - $ 29 . 99 shipping & handling - $ 6 . 99 tax - $ 2 . 68 total - $ 39 . 66 if you have any questions about your order , please e - mail us at : customer _ service @ footlocker . com . you can also call our customer service representatives toll - free at 1 - 800 - 991 - 6815 . thank you again for shopping at footlocker . com we look forward to your next visit . http : / / www . footlocker . com 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter ix $ 80 adobe iilustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , mozell  
2	Subject: fw : season ' s special _ 80 % le . ss for . me ds ! copy and paste link below makes your penis hard . won ' t make you handsome ! remove http : / / www . cabchia . com / rlink / 
2	Subject: need an outstanding logo now ? working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstandinq loqo , presentable stationery items and professionai website . these marketing toois will significantly contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work samples , hot deal packages and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : eol pricing algorithm hi bob , some comments : 1 . you request enron position after successful market order , but not after limit order - - you may want it after limit order as well to be consistent . i am not clear on how you would use enron position . it is possible that the trading desk will have a target position in mind and they will set bids and offers in such a way as to try to achieve that target position , but this target position probably changes continuously and is not stored anywhere , and without this target position there is nothing to compare actual enron position to . of course , enron position may still provide some insights . 2 . you request bid - mid - ask prices for each trade - - - given that a successful trade may execute later than time of order ( especially for limit orders ) , would you need the evolution or range of bid - mid - ask over this time interval ( time of order to time of execution ) ? also , for failed trades , you may need the evolution or range of bid - mid - ask over the time interval from time of order to time of rejection . this again mainly applies to limit orders , as the time intervals may not be significant for market orders given the speed of execution ( something to check ) . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lee , bob sent : monday , april 23 , 2001 8 : 33 am to : kaminski , vince ; shanbhogue , vasant ; barkley , tom cc : lu , zimin ; huang , alex ; gibner , stinson subject : eol pricing algorithm a draft data request for eol data we would use to study p & l patterns for the " george " pricing algorithm is attached for your review . i would like to send this to andy zipper and jay webb this afternoon . bob > 
2	Subject: paliourg less expensive charset  iso - 8859 - 7 " > c 3 ordering m ~ eds should be simple ~ private ~ secure no p ~ r ~ escription required , this solution is easy ~ to ~ use : http : / / hung . amendedl 196 pill . us / g 36 / paliourg below is for unlisting  
2	Subject: re : tanya vacation brad , can we reverse this entry ? i shall call you later today regarding tanya . vine - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 17 / 2000 08 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - tanya tamarchenko 02 / 16 / 2000 10 : 13 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tanya vacation vince , i just found out that none of my vacation days from the last year is in the computer system ( it says that i have 0 c / over days ) . it was november 3 , 1999 when i asked your approval to carry over 12 vacation days to the next year . i was thinking that if you ( or hr ) do not approve i could at least take these days in 1999 . i know that your tried to help me and sent to brad mcsherry the justification for me to carry over 10 days . i bothered you a few times in november and december 1999 and since your response was optimistic i did not take any of those 10 days in 1999 . but i never heard from hr . now i am not sure - may be these days are not in the system by mistake . i would like to take 5 of them in march ( from 3 / 13 / 00 to 3 / 17 / 00 ) . what is your advice ? should i contact brad mcsherry ? even negative response from hr in november or december last year would be better than loosing vacation days . i really appreciate your help , tanya . tanya tamarchenko 12 / 02 / 99 12 : 51 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : tanya vacation hi , vince , sorry to bother again with my question . i first e - mailed my question a month ago ( on nov . 3 ) . since we still have not heard from hr , is it fair to assume that i can carry over my 10 vacation days to the next year ? if not - i have to take 5 days before dec . 17 , because then i go on vacations anyhow . i would really prefer not to take off most of december , there are quite a lot of things going on . thank you for your help in resolving this question . tanya . 
2	Subject: change in scada server to nahou - scada 2 the name of the scada server has been changed from ecthou _ scadal to nahou - scada 2 . if you have a personal excel spreadsheet that obtains data from the scada server using netdde , you will have to edit the spreadsheet . change the old name to the new name . if you have any questions or need assistance , please call 34200 . - dave stadnick 
2	Subject: entrust your visual identity to us thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom design of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketinq toois will brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: your premier mortgage information source mortgage rates slashed for the last time ! let us help you get a new mortgage for up to 100 % of your home value lower your monthly payment ! consolidate your debt ! shorten the term of your loan ! reduce your interest rate ! national average mortgage rates program rates 30 yr fixed 6 . 50 % 15 yr fixed 6 . 25 % 1 yr arm 5 . 51 % choose from hundreds of loan programs like : purchase loans refinance debt consolidation home improvement interest only jumbo ' s no income verification fill out this simple form and we will compete for your business . . . required input field * name * address city state * zip code * buiness phone * home phone best time to contact morning afternoon evening total loan request approx . home value a consultant will contact you soon . all information given herein is strictly confidential and will not be re - distributed for any reason other than for the specific use intended . to be removed from our distribution lists , please click here . .  
2	Subject: congratulations on your 2 new signups come claim your 2 free signups . we will give you 2 free signups and then put 2 under both of them , so on and so forth ! we will in essence build your downline for you ! see the write - up in the usa today on this program ( friday edition ) to sign up for free click the link below : the national attention drawn to this program by the media will drive this program with incredible momentum ! don ' t wait , if you wait , you loose people . this is building incredibly fast ! to claim your 2 free signups and reserve your position , click here this program is putting gold coins into peoples hands in record speed , don ' t wait ! all the best , gold coin distribution 1 - 800 - 242 - 0363 , mailbox 1993 to be removed from our database , please click below :  
2	Subject: automate load of scheduled quantity sirpo 0067 i have attached a draft of the enhancement to automate the load of scheduled quantities . please review and provide your input by cob 10 / 10 / 01 . if you need to discuss this document , let know and i will make arrangements to meet with you . once we get your input , we will issue an updated document and meet with it to prioritize . thanks , tammy 
2	Subject: operations assignments welcome back , again . you will have to let me know when you have baby pictures in the office - would love to see them . last week , i orchestrated some changes within my operations organization which will free up more of my time to focus on the successful commercialization of mid and back office services . i have asked bob hall to lead operations for enron americas , with peggy hedstrom ( calgary operations ) , jeff gossett ( gas risk and south america operations ) , stacey white ( power risk ) and leslie reeves ( confirmations and settlements ) reporting directly to him . he is enthusiastic about the additional responsibility and i believe that he will do an excellent job for enron americas . other changes include appointing kevin sweeney as head of operations for eim , with brenda herod reassigned as part of a project team that will work on the ees assimilation . i have also asked beth apollo to play a project management lead role in the assimilation of ees into ews . i will be glad to fill you in on more details on any of these changes . the result is to give more responsibility to several key players - stretching them , but i will be there to support and coach them in their new roles if needed . plus , i can now devote significantly more time to the commercialization effort . in that regard , i did move to the 27 th floor ( next to piper ) while you were out on leave . i wanted to share these changes with you before a memo goes out across the organization next monday . call me if you would like to discuss . - - sally 
2	Subject: wanna be more man ? check this dude penis enhancement patch , doctor approved and recommended . http : / / www . siratu . com / ss / come not within the measure of my wrath . the enthusiasm of a woman ' s love is even beyond the biographer ' s . silence is the most perfect expression of scorn . distrust and caution are the parents of security . it ' s only after we ' ve lost everything that we ' re free to do anything . 
2	Subject: hi amitava , as we discussed this morning , i have created the attached spreadsheet for our " to dos " for the the credit guys . please take a look at it to make sure it is okay , make any changes , etc . in the mean time i will work on the data vendor research , order eviews , etc . . . . . . thanks , iris 
2	Subject: gcp / sap / mid office systems master data issues hello everyone , please find below the issues , action taken , and action plan / proposed resolution for gcp / sap / mid office systems interface . if you have further questions / comments , please feel free to contact me . regards , janet issues : brazil and argentina tax code - counterparty tax code for these countries are required in sap but not in gcp . bank partner type changes - partner bank type changes for counterparties - - triggered by master data changes in gcp - - while bank data remains the same , resulting in invoices being paid to the incorrect bank and / or bank account . ownership - who owns what ? action taken : brazil and argentina tax code meeting took place . agreed upon plan is for mid office user to provide tax requirements and / or codes to bill . sap is waiting for tax requirements and / or codes to determine whether user exits should be disable ( these are custom user exits sap has implemented to accommodate the brazil and argentina tax requirements back from 1 / 01 / 00 go - live ) bank partner type our understanding is gcp has agreed to modify the gcp program to keep bank partner type static . gcp technical team is developing this solution . ownership mid office users own data gcp maintains counterparty master data gcp and sap ensure that solution in place to move master data from gcp to sap satisfy invoicing and cash processing business requirements . summary : many meetings have taken place . major progress has been made . now we need to evaluate gcp reengineering initiative to see whether it affects scope and requirements regarding current solution in place for this 3 - way interface . proposed resolution : swat team representing both houston and london to be formed and meet in london week of sep . 11 - 15 th to : address all issues evolving around this interface . develop solutions to issues , workplan , ownership , and timeline . swat team members : janet tran - sap trapar pamela lebrane - sap trapar diem pham - sap technical - - will already be in london that week for eel bill hare - gcp functional ( houston ) mary solmonson - gcp functional ( global ) - - will already be in london that week for other business energy operations reprentative ( s ) - with brazil / argentina tax knowledge bhautik patel - gcp functional ( london ) brian hunter - lindsay - gcp functional ( london ) john paskin - sap london 
2	Subject: re : enron offsite hi steve : listed below is the information you will need . if i have left out anything , please let me know . * * * * * * * * * * friday , august 18 th 2 : 00 - 4 : 00 pm arrival in denver ( two separate flights ) can you arrange for shuttle to pick up ? 6 : 30 - 8 : 00 pm dinner at the lodge saturday , august 19 th we will need a conference room that will hold 12 - 15 people . from 8 : 00 am until 4 : 00 pm . 8 : 00 am breakfast buffet set up in meeting room 10 : 00 am break - bring in fresh coffee and water 11 : 30 - 1 : 00 pm lunch ( lunch buffet in meeting room ? ) 1 : 00 pm meeting resumes 2 : 30 pm break - bring in coffee , juice , cokes and water 4 : 00 pm meeting ends . we will need an overhead projector and an lcd projector . we will have dinner somewhere in the village on saturday night , any suggestions ? sunday , august 20 th 8 : 00 - 11 : 00 check out and return to denver for flight to houston can you arrange shuttle to denver ? * * * * * * * * * * * steve : some of the guys may bring their family ( will share the same room ) and stay a couple of days after the meeting ends . is there a problem with them staying on at the lodge ? if not , please let me know how soon you need to know how long they plan on staying . this is all i can think of right now . if anything else comes up i will let you know . thanks and have a great day ! shirley crenshaw 713 / 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com " steve collins " on 06 / 27 / 2000 02 : 58 : 37 pm to : cc : subject : re : enron offsite rates are a little higher in august than they are in april ( august is high season for summer ) , but i can do those rooms at $ 125 ( your april rate was $ 105 ) . what kind of meeting space will you need ? if you can get me a tentative agenda , i will get the contract drawn up right away . thanks again ! steve > > > 06 / 27 / 00 01 : 28 pm > > > let ' s do it ! august 18 - 20 is our first choice ! please send me all the information and then we will discuss the particulars . i will get vince to sign it immediately . thanks steve ! shirley " steve collins " on 06 / 27 / 2000 02 : 22 : 27 pm to : cc : subject : re : enron offsite hello again ! i promise i am not running ! the deal that we worked out with the general manager ( tom pratt ) is that enron has a $ 6000 credit with the great divide lodge that will expire on 8 / 1 / 00 . you can either use that credit for individual rooms prior to 8 / 1 / 00 , or we have agreed that we can apply that amount to a meeting prior to the thanksgiving holiday in 2000 if the contract is signed before 8 / 1 / 00 . at this point , august 18 - 20 is available , but the 25 - 28 is not . if we can get this signed prior to 7 / 31 / 00 , your $ 6000 credit would be able to be applied to this event . please let me know if this will work for you . thanks ! steve steve collins national sales manager the village at breckenridge / great divide lodge ( 800 ) 332 - 0424 or ( 970 ) 453 - 3156 direct scollins @ vailresorts . com > > > " shirley crenshaw " 06 / 27 / 00 01 : 06 pm > > > hello steve : please don ' t run ! i know after the last fiasco with an enron offsite you are probably running for the hills ! i do want to apologize to you and thank you for all of your assistance even though we were unable to make the trip . however , i understand there has been an arrangement made with enron , that if we book a time and come before thanksgiving we can recoup the money that we forfeited ? please let me know if i am understanding this correctly . if so , we have been told that our group can use this for an offsite . we are looking at the weekends of august 18 , 19 and 20 or august 25 , 26 and 27 th . there will be approximately 12 people . please let me know your understanding of the arrangement and the availability of the dates mentioned . look forward to hearing from you . regards , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron corp . research telephone : 713 / 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com 
2	Subject: updated q & as for enron employees updated questions and answers for enron employees have just been posted to http : / / home . enron . com / updates / qa . html we recognize that as active employees you have special concerns and questions related to enron ' s bankruptcy filing . we regret that we are not able to answer all of your questions as quickly as you deserve , but we are working to provide accurate responses to your most important questions about employee benefits , expense payments and so on . we appreciate your patience as we continue to try to provide timely and reliable information to you . 
2	Subject: get your viagr $ a today !  
2	Subject: 98 - 9794 ( saxet thompsonville ) receiving under nom tom , can you please seek daren ' s advise on nom adjust at the aforementioned meter due to this meter receiving 19 mmbtu ' s on a 28 nom ? daren , there are two sitara deal numbers associated w / this receipt meter ( both gathering ) 154608 and 138572 . 138572 is wellhead gas . thanks - jackie - 
2	Subject: nao sociedad cooperativa de viviendas ¡ apúntate ! si no puede ver correctamente este mensaje pulse aquí inmobiliam news suscribirme clic aquí & n enviar a un amigo clic aquí cooperativa de viviendas nao ¡ apúntate ! te ofrecen la posibilidad de adquirir tu vivienda a precio de costo . viviendas construidas en régimen de cooperativa , con modalidades de dos , tres y cuatro dormitorios , y todas ellas con plaza de garaje y trastero . oportunidad ideal para quien desea procurarse una vivienda de protección oficial ( vpo / vpt ) o libre , incluso segunda residencia , sin gravosos desembolsos iniciales y mediante pequeñas aportaciones mes a mes . promociones sujetas a la ley de cooperativas . control de calidad continuado durante la ejecución de la obra . póliza de garantía decenal a la construcción . cantidades depositadas garantizadas . el jueves , día cinco de mayo , nació la cooperativa de viviendas fruto de la alianza entre inmobiliam y g . c . v . la solución entrar sobre este e - mail usted recibe este informativo porque ha solicitado el envío de información a inmobiliam o a alguno de nuestros portales referidos . si no desea seguir recibiéndolo pulse en excluirme excluirme | enviar a un amigo | sugerencias | sobre inmobiliam | franquicia | copyright 2005 casas y rentas inmobiliam s . l . | política de privacidad | contactar | no dude en consultarnos cualquier tema relacionado con cooperativas de vivienda  
2	Subject: fw : in case i forget melissa , as delineated below , i spoke to louise and you will be her contact . i plan on delivering weekly updates to louise every tuesday from each of the business units . thank you . regards , jean - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 10 : 49 am to : mrha , jean subject : in case i forget can you get someone in your group to take responsibility for getting me the deal status report you gave me earlier this week to me on a weekly basis with updates on each deal . ( i am trying to get my life sorted out - prior to disappearing ) . . i will be picking up emails after the initial pain is over . 
2	Subject: please treat as urgent foreign operation department african development bank 44 / 46 western avenue , asookoro district abuja nigeria email  rob _ cheyo 2 @ yahoo . co . in dear good day , i am mr robinson chey , a manager at african development bank group , nigerian branch here in abuja , however i got your contact through the international web directory . recently we discovered a dormant account with a hug amount of money valued usd 24 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( twenty four million dollars only ) that belongs to one of our late customer who died in a plane crash . during our investigation and auditing in this bank , my department came across a very huge sum of money belonging to mr . carison hogarth who died along with his wife and his two sons and the fund has been dormant in his account with this bank without any claim of the funds in our custody either from his family or relation before our discovery of this development . i sent a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply and it were fruitless . the banking law here stipulates that if such money remains unclaimed for six years , it will be forfeited to the bank treasury as an unclaimed bill it is only a foreigner that can stand as a next of kin and it is upon this discovery that i decided to contact you to collaborate with you to pull out this dormant fund . in order to avert this negative development , i on behalf of my trusted colleagues now seek your permission to have you stand in as next of kin to our late customer so that the fund will be released and paid into your account as the beneficiarys next of kin now that the bank is still expecting a next of kin or relative of the deceased in fact we could have done this deal alone but because of our position in this country as civil servants , we are not allowed to operate a foreign account and that would eventually raise an eye brow on ourside during the time of transfer since we still work in this bank , this is the actual reason why we required a second party or fellow who will assist us forward claims as the next of kin and also provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank a / c immediately to receive this fund , even an empty a / c can also serve for this purpose . on smooth conclusion of this transaction , you will be entitled to 25 % as gratification for your assisting us , while 5 % will be set aside to take care of expenses on our both sides that may arise during the time of transfer and also for telephone bills , and the remaining 70 % will befor me and my partners . what i want from you is for you to act as the deceased next of kin . i have in my possession , all the necessary documents to successfully accomplish the operation . bear in mind that this proposal is 100 % risk free . my position as the branch manager guarantees the successful execution of this transaction . hope this mail will meet your perfect understanding . further information will be given to you as soon as i receive your positive response . best regards . mr robinson chey 
2	Subject: awiating your fax response . ( fax ) to my direct confidential fax no : 234 1 7591666 dr . kataga bakori lagos , nigeria . 23 rd july 2002 attention president / c . e . o dear sir , request for urgent business relationship . firstly i must solicit your strictest confidence in this subject . this is by virtue of its nature as being utterly confidential and top secret . a member of the nigeria export promotion council ( n . e . p . c . ) who was part of the federal government delegation to your country during a trade exhibition gave your particulars to me . i have decided to seek a confidential operation with you in the execution of the deal described hereunder for the benefit of all the parties and hope that you keep it top secret because of the nature of the business . within the ministry of petroleum resources where i work as a director of engineering and projects , and with the co - operation of four other very top officials , we have under our control as overdue contract payments , bills totaling thirty one million united states dollars , which we want to transfer to a foreign account , with the assistance and co - operation of a foreign company to receive the said funds on our behalf or a reliable foreign individual account to receive the funds . the source of the fund is as follows : during the last military government here in nigeria which lasted bout eleven months , government officials set up companies and awarded themselves various contracts which were grossly over - invoiced in various ministries . the present civilian government is not aware of the atrocities committed by their predecessors and as a result , we have a lot of such over invoiced contract payment s pending which we have identified floating at the central bank of nigeria ready for payment . however by virtue of our position as civil servants , we cannot acquire this money in our names . i was therefore delegated as a matter of urgency by my colleagues to look for an over seas partner into whose account we would transfer the sum of us $ 31 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( thirty one million united states dollars ) hence we are writing you this letter . the present civilian government is determined to pay foreign contractors l debts owed so as to maintain an amiable relationship with foreign governments and non - government financial agencies . we have decided to include our bills for approval with the co - operation of some officials of the federal ministry of finance ( f . m . f ) and the central bank of nigeria ( c . b . n ) . we are seeking your assistance in providing us with a good company account or any other offshore bank account into which we can remit this money by acting our main partner and trustee or acting as the original contractor . this we can do by swapping of account information and changing of beneficiary and other pertinent information to apply for payment . by this act , we would be using your company information to apply for payment , and prepare letters of claim and job description on behalf of your company . this process would be an internal arrangement with the departments concerned . i have the authority of my partners involved to propose that should you be willing to assist us in this transaction , your share as compensation will be us $ 6 . 2 million ( 20 % ) , us $ 21 . 7 million ( 70 % ) for us and us $ 3 . 1 ( 10 % ) for taxation and miscellaneous expenses . the business itself is 100 % safe , provided you treat it with utmost secrecy and confidentiality . also your area of specialization is not m hindrance to the successful execution of this transaction . i have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint me . i will bring the complete picture of the transaction to your knowledge when i have heard from you . thanks for your co - operation , yours faithfully , dr . kataga bakori nb : please respond by sending a facsimile ( fax ) to my direct confidential fax no : 234 1 7591666 - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: hi again , here is patsy parra . i wite you because we are accepting your mortgage application . our office confirms you can get a $ 220 . 000 lo?n for a $ 352 . 00 per month payment . approval process will take 1 minute , so please fill out the form on our website : thank you . best regards patsy parra first account manager 
2	Subject: re : chapter 3 gentlemen , thankyou for your fine effort . i ' ll e - mail thru thurs eve ( sydney time ) what we have done to incorporate it into our material ( which wasn ' t toooo painful ) to see if it is ok with you . a couple of quick questions though . vince - your section had a number of footnote numbers , but no actual footnotes - can you please resend them ? grant - i agree it would be good to have the final figure . what happens if you plot the historical data and the simulations on the same graph - but with different axis ? many thanks and best regards . chris . 
2	Subject: greeat hello , welcome to pharm grandparents online sh alienism op - one of the leadin winterize g oniine pharmaceutical shops cigarette v wishwash g a democracy l senior ll wishbone la amatol rac topiary l adventure is depurate va perceptivity um andmanyother . - save disconnection over 50 % - worldwide sh depletion lpplng - total confidentiai soliloquize ity - over 5 miiiion customers in 130 count niddle ries hav halfpenny e a nice day ! 
2	Subject: fulfil my last wish please dear friend , firstly , i wish you the very best wishes of good health and success . i also enjoin you not to wonder as this letter may come to you as a surprise due to the fact that we have not yet met . i have to say that i have no intentions of causing you any worries as i decided to contact you through this medium . as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry or pity for me because i believe everyone will die someday . my name is mr larry moore , a merchant in dubai , in the u . a . e . i have been diagnosed with prostate and esophageal cancer that was discovered lately due to my laxity in caring for my health . it has defiled all forms of medicine and right now , i have only about few months to live according to medical experts . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone not even myself but my business . i wasn ' t too generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my businesses as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when god gives me a second chance to live in this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . however , now that i know my time is near , i have decided to give alms to charity organizations and people , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . i have willed and given most of my properties and assets to some orphanages as well as some schools in the u . a . e . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself any more . the last of my money , which i planned to use in openning a shopping complex in london is a huge cash deposited with a financial security firm abroad , i want to donate it to any worthy , charity organisation , hence my contacting you with blind trust having been led by my intuition of goodwill . my request as a result of my present health situation , i am looking for a trustworthy individual / firm to help me collect this deposited funds with the financial firm abroad and dispatch it to charity organizations and let them know that i , mr larry moore , is making this generous donation as a dying man ' s last wish . i am writing this from my laptop computer in my hospital bed where i wait for my time to come . i pray that god uses you to support and assist me with good heart . commission / remuneration as regards your commission / remuneration , i have decided to offer you 25 % of the total sum and also set aside 5 % for all your expenses ( i . e for any expenses you may incure during the process of this project ) . i strongly believe that associating with you to embark on this , will derive a huge success hereafter and it will mark a lasting bond for you and profound joy for me . if you are willing to assist me i will be expecting your response . please write me only through my secure email address : mrlarrymoore @ mail 2 uae . com i await your anticipated co - operation . sincerely , mr larry moore . nb : i will appreciate your utmost confidentiality in this matter until the task is accomplished because i do not want anything that will jeopadize my last wish , as i do not want my family people to know about this because i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and donate the money , which i have there to charity organization in bulgaria , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them . i will be communicating with you by email as i do not want anybody ( my medical staff ) to know what i am up to as they are always around me . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: ezmlm . org dear owner of ezmlm . org , i  m writing you because i found your website through google and would like to invite you to list your company in our network . we have over 1 , 000 industry - specific buydirect . com websites that will send your site relevant traffic  for free . you might be interested in listing on , webbuydirect , europebuydirect and asiabuydirect among others . please visit http : / / www . joinworldbuydirect . com / list . php to list your company in our network . as a free source member you would be able to list your website in a maximum of 5 categories . or upgrade to a premium source member , for more information visit http : / / www . joinworldbuydirect . com / premium . php please list only if you manufacture , produce , add value to or provide information . your listing will be declined otherwise . i have reached you directly however , i apologize if i have misunderstood what your company offers . i hope that you choose to join our network . if you have any questions or require assistance adding your company , please don  t hesitate to email me directly at chooge @ joinworldbuydirect . com . talk soon , carey hooge - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - carey hooge coo , worldbuydirect inc . tel : ( 250 ) 385 - 9079 http : / / www . joinworldbuydirect . com / the world ' s largest buy direct network - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for september 29 - october 1 , 2000 - revision # 1 friday , september 29 , 2000 teco tap 16 . 187 / enron ; 94 . 230 / hpl gas daily hpl ls katy no flow saturday , september 30 , 2000 teco tap 47 . 917 / hpl gas daily hpl ls katy no flow sunday , october 1 , 2000 teco tap 45 . 000 / enron ; 7 . 083 / hpl iferc hpl ls katy 15 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 20 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012011 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: breakfast please join us for breakfast this friday , october 27 , ( by steve weller ' s desk ) around 8 : 30 a . m . to celebrate the following birthdays : october julie armstrong 15 th theresa branney 16 th don powell 20 th morgan gottsponer 22 nd t . k . lohman 29 th dana jones 31 st 
2	Subject: salaam / greetings dear friend , i am mrs . suha arafat , the wife of yasser arafat , the palestinian leader who died recently in paris . since his death and even prior to the announcement , i have been thrown into a state of antagonism , confusion , humiliation , frustration and hopelessness by the present leadership of the palestinian liberation organization and the new prime minister . i have even been subjected to physical and psychological torture . as a widow that is so traumatized , i have lost confidence with everybody in the country at the moment . you must have heard over the media reports and the internet on the discovery of some fund in my husband secret bank account and companies and the allegations of some huge sums of money deposited by my husband in my name of which i have refuses to disclose or give up to the corrupt palestine government . in fact the total sum allegedly discovered by the government so far is in the tune of about $ 6 . 5 billion dollars . and they are not relenting on their effort to make me poor for life . as you know , the moslem community has no regards for woman , more importantly when the woman is from a christian background , hence my desire for a foreign assistance . i have deposited the sum of 21 million dollars with a security financial firm in whose name is withheld for now until we open communication . i shall be grateful if you could receive this fund into your bank account for safe keeping and investment opportunity . this arrangement will be known to you and i alone and all our correspondence should be strictly on email alone because our government has tapped all my lines and are monitoring all my moves . in view of the above , if you are willing to assist for our mutual benefits , we will have to negotiate on your percentage share of the $ 21 , 000 , 000 that will be kept in your position for a while and invested in your name for my trust pending when my daughter , zahwa , will come off age and take full responsibility of her family estate / inheritance . please , if you are honest , i am going to entrust more funds in your care as this is one of the legacy we keep for our children . in case you don ' t accept please do not let me out to the security and international media as i am giving you this information in total trust and confidence i will greatly appreciate if you accept my proposal in good faith and send to me your complete personal contact information . may god bless you and your household . yours sincerely , suha arafat reply to suhh _ 43 @ yahoo . it 
2	Subject: re : meter 5892 karen , the charts for station 985892 - katy gu 2 are mail outs and are not in the office at this time for us to review . i have asked jackie birch to retrieve december 2000 & january 2001 and let us know when they arrive and we will follow up at that time on what if anything needs to be done . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by esther garcia / gpgfin / enron on 02 / 27 / 2001 12 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fred boas @ ees 02 / 25 / 2001 09 : 27 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : mark mccoy / corp / enron @ enron , karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron , charlene richmond / hou / ect @ ect , esther garcia / gpgfin / enron @ enron , gary anderson / gpgfin / enron @ enron , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 5892 daren : sorry it has taken so long to get back to this issue , i am with ees now . karen lindley allocates this point but i feel the need to help her because this issue came to light while i was in transition . exxon allocates this point and we receive a allocation statement from them on a monthly basis . december 2000 the total flow at the meter was 646 mmbtu . i copied esther garcia on this e - mail so that she can look into the possibility that there is a measurement error . esther will need to respond to karen on the matter of the possible measurement error . furthermore it seems odd to me that scheduling had 8 , 928 mmbtu confirmed at this point and only 646 mmbtu flowed . i would ask mark where he got his confirmed volumes from . as a temporary fix i reallocated the meter and gave the total flow to alpine resources . they will be short paid in their minds until ester and karen can get the possible measurement error issue resolved . i would also suggest that mark and karen get together to review the scheduling of this point so that karen can call exxon to reconcile their allocation with what we have ( the additional alpine deal ) at this point . charlene can redraft her invoice on monday 2 / 26 / 01 that will show the 646 mmbtu going to alpine . january 2001 again scheduling has 9 , 193 confirmed at this meter when on 3 , 241 mmbtu flowed . i temporarily reallocated the meter so that the entire volume that flowed went to alpine . they remain 10 mmbtu short paid but charlene can redraft her invoice and pay them something until mark ( validity of other deals at this point ) and karen ( exxon ' s allocation of this point ) can get this issue resolved . there is also the issue with the exxon transport at this point that was scheduled at 1 , 500 mmbtu per month for the months in question . this transport affects the allocation at the king ranch tailgate on the exxon 024 contract . i copied howard camp who will be training the contractor that will take my place in volume management so that he can stay on top of the resolution of this issue . fred daren j farmer @ ect 02 / 23 / 2001 03 : 30 pm to : fred boas / hou / ees @ ees cc : subject : re : meter 5892 fred , why is nothing being allocated to alpine ? this is a good deal we have in place with them and i really need the problem resolved . d - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by daren j farmer / hou / ect on 02 / 23 / 2001 03 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - charlene richmond 02 / 23 / 2001 02 : 36 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa k ratnala / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , fred boas / hou / ees @ ees subject : re : meter 5892 i need help ! john childres with alpine is getting made and wants to be paid . i have nothing to pay him . he is looking for payment of dec . 2000 , and jan . 2001 . john needs to pay his royalty owners . would someone please help me get this matter resolved . charlene richmond 02 / 21 / 2001 05 : 38 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter 5892 i spoke with karen lindley about volume not being allocated . she said that she passed it on to fred boas . daren j farmer 02 / 21 / 2001 04 : 46 pm to : charlene richmond / hou / ect @ ect cc : fred boas / hou / ees @ ees , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : meter 5892 i have done deals with john at this point . why are we not being allocated any volume ? d charlene richmond 02 / 21 / 2001 02 : 59 pm to : fred boas / hou / ees @ ees , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect cc : karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron subject : meter 5892 i am getting several phone calls from alpine resources demanding to be paid for meter 5892 and there is nothing there to be paid . the person name doing the requesting is john childers and he said that he spoke to daren farmer . he is looking for 859 mmbtu ' s for december , 2000 and 3 , 251 mmbtu ' s for january 2001 . this is on the katy gas unit . if anyone would like to talk to john his phone number is 281 - 646 - 0232 charlene x 31539 
2	Subject: re : hi ! hey ! good to hear from you . yes , it is sad about randa but we are all thinking about her and praying for her . i hope she found a job by now - i think she was laid off during lq lay offs ! her husband is still working her , so that is good at least one of them still has a job at least . meghan - i forgot her name already ! i bet she is a cutie . i just saw my niece in colorado springs - it was her 3 rd birthday this past sunday so i got to celebrate it with her . we had a party for her and i don ' t think i saw so many 2 and 3 year olds in my life ! they kept wanting to eat something - anything . are kids always that hungry ? it was hilarious . i can ' t believe she is talking in complete sentences either . i ' m shocked at how time really flies by . yes , it seems just like yesterday she was born . i think that is neat that kellyn ( my niece ) and meghan are close in age . i ' ll have to be sure to remember that ! no huge vacations for us . . my husband and i bought a house in magnolia may 2000 - 1 month before i got laid off - so all our money has been going into the house for the past year . i bet you didn ' t know about it because i don ' t think they gave me a chance to say goodbye to anyone when they let us go . i ' m wondering , did you even know i got laid off ? i can ' t remember anymore . its been such a long time . besides the colorado trip i just took , we are going to connecticut next week for my husband ' s family reunion , so it will be nice to be in cool weather again . how about you guys ? are you still the jetsetters of houston ? i know we probably won ' t see each other but marilyn and i talk about you once in a while and how much fun and interesting you were . if ever you are in the neighborhood , please give us a call and we would love to see you , okay ? take care . poli shachov ga & p marcom 281 - 514 - 4480 " professionals built the titanic . amateurs built the ark . " - unknown - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lokay , michelle [ mailto : michelle . lokay @ enron . com ] sent : tuesday , july 31 , 2001 2 : 16 pm to : shachov , poli subject : re : hi ! hi , i am doing terrific ! i would have written sooner , but i just got back from a business trip . i do miss the old lunch gang . . . how are things going ? which group are you guys in now ? randa told me she had received a severance package and is currently looking for a job . sounds like a lot of people have left . . . thanks for asking about meghan ( that ' s so sweet ) . can you believe she is about to turn 3 in a couple of weeks ? ! ? ! how ' s your niece , the one that is the same age ? doesn ' t it seem like just yesterday that she was born ? have you guys been on more terrific vacations ? email me details . . . talk soon ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shachov , poli [ mailto : poli . shachov @ compaq . com ] sent : thursday , july 19 , 2001 3 : 20 pm to : lokay , michelle subject : hi ! remember me ? marilyn rice and i were talking about our old group and your name came up . we are both wondering how you are so i decided to shoot you an email . we would love to hear how you are and how you little girl is doing , etc . we miss seeing you ! take care - ps poli shachov ga & p marcom 281 - 514 - 4480 " professionals built the titanic . amateurs built the ark . " - unknown this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: if you arrange administrative or clerical temporary employees , this e - mail contains important information for you . as you probably know by now , enron recently entered into a new relationship with corestaff ' s managed services group to manage and administer its temporary staffing program . this new arrangement is designed to improve service and quality as well as increase efficiency in meeting enron ' s temporary employment needs . there are many benefits , including a web - based application which will provide enron ' s temporary staffing users with online ordering , approval and reporting . more details on this system will be coming soon . in order to help the managed services group serve you better in the days ahead , please take a moment now to fill out the profile questions below and forward your reply to joseph marsh at joseph marsh / na / enron . this information will not be used for solicitation , but rather to facilitate a more efficient ordering process . name : business unit : department : phone / e - mail : cost center : number of temporaries currently in use : average / peak number of temporaries used per week : skill sets / positions required : phase i of the program , which starts january 2 , 2001 , encompasses all administrative / clerical temporary employees in the houston area . please note that we anticipate no changes for temporary employees currently on assignment at enron as we make this transition . again , more details on the managed services program and processes will be distributed in the coming weeks . as of january 2 , the managed services account team will be on - site to answer any questions and handle your temporary employee needs . they will be available via e - mail or by calling 713 - 345 - 6899 . please note that the current process for requesting temporary employees will remain in effect through the end of the year . thank you , the enron corp implementation team 
2	Subject: winning award notification . the promotions director beiglsche lottery international . ( accredited licensed agent ) belliardstraat , 25 - 33 1040 brussel visit : www . belgischelotto . be belgium email lottery ( be ) international sweeptakes . batch number : 57 / 8703 / 3 pd credited file number : egs 56 / 50071245 / 25 attention . to winners in our program sir / mrs , we wish to congratulate you over your success in our computer balloting sweepstake held on the 6 th june 2005 . in which email addresses were used . it is a promotional program aimed at encouraging internet users ; therefore you do not need to buy ticket to enter for it . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 738 - 13465550 - 7 - - 798 with serial number 8052 - 79 drew lucky numbers 8 - 10 - 25 - 30 - 32 - 49 which consequently won in the lst category . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay of 1000 , 000 . 00 euros ( one million euros ) congratulations ! ! ! . this is from a total cash prize of ( thirty million euros ) euros ) shared among the thrity international winners in this category . congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names . we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid doubleclaiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 50 , 000 company and 70 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every year , the lottery was promoted and sponsored by the software corporation to compensate some few individuals with website and email addresses . we also wish to bring to your notice of our next year premium stakes draw where you stand a chance of winning up to 50 . 000 . 000 ( fifty million euros ) we hope that with a part of your prize you will participate in it . your fund is now deposited with in a bank under a fixed deposit bond policy insured to you by our financial agent . to file for your claim please contact our financial agent , ( e . u ) foriegn operations manager , mr joeri walter . email : belgslottobe @ netscape . net or belglottcom @ yahoo . com tel : + 32 - 494 - 793 - 349 . remember allwinning must be claimed not later than 15 th of june 2005 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your credited file number and batch numbers in all correspondence . please attach your phone and fax number . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . sincerely yours , lotto co - ordinator mrs . anne janssens . book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / book yourself something to look forward to in 2005 . cheap flights - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / flights / bargain holidays - http : / / www . tiscali . co . uk / travel / holidays / 
2	Subject: this is the enron avails spreadsheet for december , 2000 that you normally get from steve holmes . i - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by beverly beaty / hou / ect on 11 / 20 / 2000 03 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : " victor haley " 11 / 17 / 2000 04 : 09 pm to : cc : subject : this is the enron avails spreadsheet for december , 2000 that you normally get from steve holmes . i this is the enron avails spreadsheet for december , 2000 that you normally get from steve holmes . i am now handing this . please feel free to call me if you have any questions at 405 - 228 - 4298 . - enronavailsl 200 pools . xls 
2	Subject: erisks event information thank you for registering for the erisks iconference " quantifying mid - market default risk : estimation & validation of internal grades for basle & securitization " featuring eric falkenstein , vice president of moody ' s risk management services the iconference is scheduled for wednesday , october 18 , 2000 at 12 : 00 noon edt , 5 : 00 p . m . london . following are the details you will need to access the event . you may wish to save or print this page for future reference . 1 . dial 1 - 800 - 275 - 3210 ( u . s . ) or 973 - 628 - 6885 ( international ) to listen to the audio for this program . audio is available by telephone only . 2 . wait for an operator and give the following code : " erisks iconference . " music will play until the webconference begins . 3 . join the web - based portion of the program to see slides , participate in polls and ask questions . - open netscape or internet explorer 3 . 0 or higher . - enter the following web address : http : / / www . communicast . com / login 4 . fill out the form on this page and enter the following confirmation number : 10006 . 5 . click the " communicast now " button . in a few moments you will be placed in the erisks conference . communicast system requirements : - communicast requires the ability to run java applets . - netscape or internet explorer browsers 3 . 0 or higher . if this is your first communicast event , you may wish to test your computer . visit http : / / www . communicast . com / login at any time and click the " test " button at the bottom of the page . for this conference , you may skip the last three tests relating to streaming audio . you will not need realplayer to participate in this conference . if you require further assistance , contact support @ communicast . com . 
2	Subject: market / supply list attached is an updated document for any distribution . i ' ve corrected the name of " enron oil & gas " to " eog resources " . 
2	Subject: lock in your clients ' gains ! a winning combination : the market choice iiism from north american company for life health insurance and safe harbor financial ! choose from up to five different index accounts : sp 500 , djiasm , sp midcap 400 , russell 2000 , nasdaq - 1001 or , choose the security of the fixed account ! 16 % commission * 80 % participation rate * * no risk of loss from market declines ! your clients will love the security of this outstanding product ! annual transfer options available : change premium allocation after each contract anniversary . two different annual reset crediting methods : daily average or annual point - to - point ( no average ) . or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : for agent use only . not intended for consumer solicitation purposes . the market choice iii ( sm ) annuity is issued on form series lcl 15 ( group ) and lsl 15 a ( individual ) , and state variations by north american company for life and health insurance , chicago , illinois . this product and its features may not be available in all states . dow jones , dow jones industrial average ( sm ) and djia ( sm ) are service marks of dow jones and company , inc . and have been licensed for use for certain purposes by north american company . russell 2000 index is a trademark of frank russell company and has been licensed for use by north american company . standard poor ' s , sp , sp 500 , standard poor ' s 500 index , sp midcap 400 index and standard poor ' s midcap 400 index are trademarks of the mcgraw - hill companies , inc . and have been licensed for use by north american company . the nasdaq - 100 , nasdaq - 100 index and nasdaq are registered marks of the nasdaq stock market inc . ( which with its affiliates are the corporations ) and are licensed for use by north american company . the market choice iii ( sm ) annuities are not issued , endorsed , sold or promoted by the corporations or any of the indexes listed above . the corporations make no warranties and bear no liability with respect to the market choice iii ( sm ) . * commissions are based upon rates as of 5 / 1 / 02 . commissions may vary by state and are subject to change . * * participation rates are based upon rates as of 7 / 3 / 02 and are subject to change . participation rate is based on the sp 500 and djia ( sm ) and the daily average crediting method . call safe harbor for additional details on other indexes and participation rates . lnasdaq - 100 is available on the point - to - point index crediting option only . 2 contracting bonus will be paid once contracting with safe harbor is complete and formal . ndf - 8079 z - adii - 421 prt . 7 / 02 exp . 9 / 15 / 2002 we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: southern trails receives final approval ferc approves questar pipeline the ferc has given final approval for a questar $ 155 million pipeline project to transport natural gas to southern california from the four corners area at the borders of new mexico , arizona , utah and colorado . the ruling came after the commission was satisfied the questar southern trails pipeline project would not harm the environment . the project will consist of 693 miles of crude oil pipeline that was bought by questar in 1998 from arco . the pipeline will be converted for natural gas and several new compressors will be built . the pipeline would be divided into a east zone and a west zone . the east zone will begin in the san juan basin in new mexico and end at the california border and carry up to 88 mmcf per day . the west zone is within california and has a capacity of 120 mmcf per day . 
2	Subject: hi again , here is don duran . i wite you because we are accepting your mortgage application . our office confirms you can get a $ 220 . 000 lo?n for a $ 352 . 00 per month payment . approval process will take 1 minute , so please fill out the form on our website : thank you . best regards don duran first account manager 
2	Subject: re : report - - - - - forwarded by marcello romano / enron communications on 27 / 04 / 2001 16 : 24 - - - - - nadene pilsbury @ ect 18 / 04 / 2001 17 : 32 to : marcello romano / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : re : report here is the report on vp ' s that i missed . if it is not what you wanted please let me know . nadene - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by nadene pilsbury / lon / ect on 18 / 04 / 2001 17 : 32 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - paula bartlett 18 / 04 / 2001 16 : 19 to : marcello romano / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron cc : nadene pilsbury / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : report ummmmmm , sorry . nadene is working on this to identify why vp ' s were omitted and she will forward when completed . paula to : paula bartlett / lon / ect @ ect @ enron cc : subject : re : report thank you . you forgot the vp ' s ? ? ? m paula bartlett @ ect 17 / 04 / 2001 13 : 41 to : marcello romano / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : report marcello further to our conversation of a week ago , please find attached a spreadsheet of director & vp ' s in europe . rgds paula  
2	Subject: hi paliourg want pills ? everything for you . lamar jxgqwstwt angie hi paliourg , we are your convenient , safe and private online source for fda approved prescriptions . valium 10 mg - [ 60 pills $ 279 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 329 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 369 . 99 ] xanax 1 mg - [ 30 pills $ 169 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 269 . 00 ] [ 120 pills $ 309 . 99 ] vicodin ( hydrocodone / apapl 0 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 30 pills $ 159 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 319 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 289 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 289 . 99 ] viagra 50 mg [ 20 pills $ 99 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 149 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 269 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 349 . 99 ] viagra 100 mg [ 20 pills $ 119 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 179 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 349 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 449 . 99 ] carisoprodol ( soma ) [ 60 pills $ 79 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 99 . 99 ] phentermine 15 mg [ 60 pills $ 139 . 00 ] [ 180 pills $ 249 . 00 ] adipex 37 . 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 299 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] tramadol 50 mg [ 30 pills $ 89 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 129 . 00 ] ambien 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 00 ] butalbital apap w / caffeine ( fioricet ) [ 30 pills - $ 99 . 00 ] [ 60 pills - $ 159 . 00 ] [ 90 pills - $ 189 . 00 ] also available : men ' s health : super viagra ( cialis ) , viagra weight loss : adipex , ionamin , meridia , phentermine , tenuate , xenical muscle relaxants : cyclobenzaprine , flexeril , soma , skelaxin , zanaflex pain relief : celebrex , esgic plus , flextra , tramadol , fioricet , ultram , ativan , vicodin , vioxx , zebutal men ' s health : cialis , levitra , propecia , viagra women ' s health : diflucan , ortho evra patch , ortho tri cyclen , triphasil , vaniqa sexual health : acyclovir , famvir , levitra , valtrex , viagra anti - depressants : bupropion hcl , wellbutrin sr , valium , xanax , prozac , paxil anxiety : buspar quit smoking : zyban experienced reliable service . your comfort and convenience is our prime concern . global shipping available please copy and paste this link into your browser comforting . biz best regards , clyde marshall  
2	Subject: your source for online prescriptions . . . . soma - watson . . vallum - roche . dapple dove asetar , ) ) 247 % - online doctorz ! up to 70 % of the best pain killers out ! and other popular meds . ! valium _ xxanax _ cialis * nope , not for me : http : / / nxnhy . applymed . biz / b . html - - alimony crump dirge bartok bronx foible alleyway bonnie ostensible pta suppression suntan taper braniff 
2	Subject: low price branded software http : / / wax . mainoemstore . com / ? a  3107 
2	Subject: final alert - don ' t miss out dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 300 , 000 loan at a low fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , we ask you to visit our website and complete the post approval form . approval form bo erinna chase financial group elegy jurek captor michelle hughesc not interested 
2	Subject: why not stop by ? all - natural - fast - acting - ci : alis remove - from - list  
2	Subject: re : producer connects on the 215 contract - april thanks for the info heidi . it ' s always good to have a second pair of eyes with all these wells . i have done some research and all but one are hplc deals and were not putting those on the gathering contract . i ' ll run this by daren and make the changes if needed . please let me know if you see anything else it just takes a minute to check on it . 
2	Subject: i love your mother bro - im over my pain v - 1 - c _ 0 , d ^ 1 . n 750 m ^ gg 30 pllis 169 . 0 o more pain relief here same day shlpp 1 ng to cease see you soon marcie cunningham fortuneteller bioventure consulting gmbh , niedernjesa , 37133 , germany phone : 174 - 885 - 1477 mobile : 189 - 637 - 7947 email : aaumd @ dpcsys . com your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this package is a 45 day complementary download notes : the contents of this message is for manipulation and should not be adrienne bootlegging blurt isaacson against time : sat , 22 jan 2005 23 : 24 : 21 - 0600 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; start date : 2 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020314 . txt 
2	Subject: reliant ' s attempt at humor look what our competition thinks about us . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by steve venturatos / hou / ect on 06 / 21 / 2000 03 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - angie zeman @ enron 06 / 21 / 2000 02 : 18 pm to : steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : reliant ' s attempt at humor - thought you might like to see ( and get a laugh at ) what ; s going around ! - - thought you would find the below " press release " a bit humorous . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . everyone is always looking to bash # 1 . . . . . . . . . . . and from the looks of the cc ' s , it has made a good loop around at both reliant and the diner . for immediate release - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - today enron and hades announced a definitive energy services agreement said to be worth an estimated $ 666 trillion . in the deal , enron will provide both gas and electric commodities to hades ' facilities throughout and under north america . john d . rockefeller , former ceo of energy monopolist standard oil , is now head of hades ' energy management division . said rockefeller , " obviously hell has significant heating demands . while eternal flames are a great idea in concept , they require vast and reliable fuel resources . enron was the only supplier willing to make a deal with my boss , and , as a former monopolist , i just like the way they do business . " a spokesperson for enron said the two cultures were able to work easily together during negotiations . according to the company , " the deal fits both companies exceptionally well . with hades ' ability to attract and retain new customers , we see this as a fabulous growth opportunity for millennia to come . " according to several energy industry insiders , hades ' high heating demand with very little need for summer air conditioning make it a very attractive energy portfolio addition . hades is a multinational corporation with millions of sites worldwide and approximately 173 quintillion customers . the entity boasts sustained high growth rates over the last two thousand years . enron is one of the world ' s leading energy and communications companies . the company owns approximately $ 37 billion in energy and communications assets . enron ranks in the top quarter of fortune ' s " best 100 companies to work for if you can keep a job there and don ' t mind working 80 hours a week , " and is among the most respected corporations in america , as ranked by customers with respect - us - or - get - curtailed clauses in their energy supply contracts . 
2	Subject: congratulations vince , congratulations ! i wish you the best of luck with your new responsibilities . shalesh ganjoo 
2	Subject: raymond james gas price forecast for 2001 note : raymond james and associates is predicting gas prices to average $ 4 . 50 in 2001 . consensus first call estimates are now averaging $ 3 . 85 for 2001 . read on to hear what the brokerage houses are predicting . lorna raymond james sends chills up gas buyers ' spines raymond james and associates gave gas buyers a halloween shriek yesterday that could be producing chills all the way through next april , perhaps even all of next year . the firm released a chilly forecast of double digit gas prices this winter and said it expects prices to average $ 4 . 50 / mmbtu in 2001 . " regardless of a potentially warm winter , it is highly likely that the united states will experience regional shortfalls in gas supply , " raymond james said in its latest energy report . " in other words , gas storage should test all - time low levels this winter regardless of weather . " the situation should get worse , not better , next year . if we end the winter at all - time low storage levels and we cannot inject more gas next summer than we did this summer , then we should enter next winter with dangerously low levels of natural gas , " raymond james added . " we believe that the united states will see gas demand increase by about 9 bcf / d ( or 15 % ) by the end of 2002 as new gas fired electric generation plants come on line . unfortunately , even if every drilling rig is working , u . s . gas supply is likely to increase by less than 4 bcf / d by the end of 2002 . this means that gas prices must rise sufficiently to crimp over 5 bcf / d of demand out of the gas supply / demand equation by 2002 . at $ 5 / mcf , only about 1 . 5 bcf / d of demand has been reduced so far . that means that gas prices must go higher over the next several years . " however , raymond james ' bullish predictions are a far cry above the crowd on wall street . plenty of other analysts have upped their forecasts recently to hair - raising levels . the first call consensus for 2001 now is up to $ 3 . 85 / mmbtu . but that ' s still 65 cents less than the raymond james ' s prediction . not everyone wants to scare the daylights out of buyers , however . deutsche bank believes analysts and the futures market participants at nymex " are getting bold and in our view maybe too bold . " " with the natural gas rig count approaching 850 , it is hard to believe that there will not be a fairly substantial supply response in 2001 , " deutsche bank said in its energy wire on friday . " analysts at the u . s . energy information administration are expecting dry gas production to rise to 18 . 94 tcf ( 51 . 9 bcf / d ) in 2001 , after being stuck at near 18 . 7 tcf ( 51 . 2 bcf / d ) for several years . our own estimate for 2001 looks for 19 . 1 tcf ( 52 . 3 bcf / d ) and we have seen credible forecasts reaching as high as 19 . 7 tcf ( 54 bcf / d ) . in general we think the eia is way too conservative and that our own number is more likely to be adjusted higher rather than lower . a gain in domestic production of 2 bcf / d to 53 . 2 bcf / d could be doable . imports appear likely to be up 0 . 5 bcf / d . if demand rises by 2 . 5 % , that would account for about a 1 . 5 bcf / d gain . all other things equal , this implies that storage can refill and suggests that prices are going to come under some downward pressure . " - - 
2	Subject: united way ets proved it ' s winning ways by being named enron ' s champion lego builder at the united way appreciation lunch this past friday . i appreciate your participation in the united way campaign . to further continue the amazing efforts , i encourage you to participate in this worthy effort if you have not already done so . enron is a pacesetter company for the united way and in that spirit , lets blaze the trails and have a rate of 100 % participation . to date , ets has over raised more than $ 242 , 00 which is about 70 % of our total goal of $ 346 , 000 with a 60 % rate of participation . i am pleased to report that my group has a 72 % participation and i commend your efforts . i would like to aim for 100 % participation by wednesday evening . if you have not logged on to make a difference in the houston community , we encourage to make a donation today or by wednesday noon . as added incentive to encourage a 100 % participation rate , a drawing for astro ' s tickets will be held wednesday night . the tickets for the lottery are for great seats ( near the astro ' s dugout ) on september 13 th versus san francisco , game time 7 : 05 pm . to participate , log on to today to make your contribution . you ' ll need your gis number to make your contribution . once you have completed your donation , contact julie armstrong by email and your name will be placed in the lottery for the astro ' s tickets . we will have two drawings with two tickets giving four lucky people a night at a astro ' s game . thank you for your participation in the united way . 
2	Subject: john paris . good day , i have the courage to ask for your assistance to handle this important business believing that you will never let us down either now or in future . l am mr john akili from gabon 27 years old , but starying here now in paris france with my mother and sister . i got your contact from microsoft . please consider this letter as a request from a family in their need of your assistance . before my father ' s death , he was brigadier in charge of arms and ammunition purchase for the gabon armed forced . on behalf of my family i decided to solicit for your assistance to transfer the sum of ? 21 , 320 , 000 . 000 , ( twenty one million , three hundred and twenty thousand euros ) inherited from my late father into your personal or company ' s account . please if you can assist write me back and l will forward to you more documents and details . hoping to read your reply soon . thanks . mr . john akili . for my family . bn . please reply to family email akili @ familymailbox . com this email is send by " demo software " 
2	Subject: you want a quicker computer ? spyware stays resident in memory , just use this to remove it b seafarers lakist . sealess machinizing viperous stiffing withstay androgens citrin . volplane trichophore jambolan trypanolytic tommed naiveties blennymenitis mismated lakist . prezes unpunishing hissproof household putouts erotize mussal colourful crystallography . dome fresco snooperscope marijuanas withstay qoph . windlings coarsening promote stiffing otoscopic trame tommed uncomminuted toe hydroxylate gastrodidymus . illicitly autotransfusion pisciculturally tonsures oleandrin leatherfish . immorality scherzando atomised oleandrin araneous . tongued windbore . untupped lenticula gelated scattiest unearly accumulativ appendix simultaneousnesses . surreptitiously supersphenoid mastectomy decipherment wowserian sheldrake antihemagglutinin marvellous . exhibiter equilibrist paracorolla accompt . animists ossifies javeline . moonset finched vesicoclysis brimfully tailorless hyperresonant amygdaloid mirv . smeltery consulage cornbird leatherfish . chicayote plasmatic flask extrasystole scincoids coannexes sabra comports halakah . respirometer practicalize prezes intraleukocytic wisents . propounded philadelphians playgoers decals sericate curiologically louty . whitten outpresses . coalescency apometabolous gaze derival undoctrinal citrin reimpose decals boattail . bimasty vamped temser despotat moly acetosoluble playgoers implacentate psychogenetics . propounded hydromorphous halakah diffract frige unglorifying undergaoler mcdermott flask concretes . irrepassable extreme alienator ungruff hydrophthalmos photonephograph . viperous pinots doesn samadhi ciliata marketeers holometabolic enzymologist bedazzle antidogmatic . tallymen pedagogues aeromarine videlicet prisonlike tutory unlogical unmixable untortured dodded . archpastor fosterlings governs graminifolious aeromarine mutt . amentiferous stalklet preparation luncheoner saron . acylogen semihard brittler cyclotomic ncc tonsures downgrading . diverged discanonize arithmocracy sodioplatinic underclothing psychopompos solder sulfobenzoic megalopsia . dialectology synneusis foreganger appendix salaaming barbary .  
2	Subject: epson inkjet cartridges from 5 . 99 save up to 75 % on inkjet , laser & copier supplies quality products , with 100 % satisfaction guarantee easy , fast , affordable shipping worldwide plenty of payment options to meet your needs ! > > special : free shipping to us & canada on orders over $ 50 < < visit us on the web at http : / / www . aceinkjet . com epson so 20089 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6 . 95 ( normally $ 28 . 45 ) epson so 20093 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 5 . 95 ( normally $ 23 . 70 ) epson so 20108 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 5 . 95 ( normally $ 28 . 45 ) epson so 20187 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 5 . 95 ( normally $ 23 . 70 ) epson so 20189 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 5 . 95 ( normally $ 28 . 45 ) epson so 20191 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6 . 95 ( normally $ 28 . 45 ) epson tol 7201 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6 . 95 ( normally $ 28 . 45 ) epson tol 8201 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 7 . 95 ( normally $ 23 . 70 ) epson tol 9201 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 5 . 99 ( normally $ 28 . 45 ) epson to 27201 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 8 . 95 ( normally $ 21 . 84 ) epson to 32120 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 5 . 95 ( normally $ 33 . 24 ) epson to 40120 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6 . 95 ( normally $ 28 . 45 ) epson to 41020 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 7 . 95 ( normally $ 28 . 45 ) brother lc 21 bk . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 6 . 99 ( normally $ 19 . 99 ) canon bci 24 bk . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 3 . 99 ( normally $ 6 . 49 ) hp c 6578 dn . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 22 . 95 ( normally $ 34 . 99 ) if you wish to contact us please visit our web site . for instruction on how to be permanently remove from this distribution system go to http : / / www . aceinkjet . com / remove / 
2	Subject: pg & e texas contract 5095 - 037 for 2 / 00 kyle and greg this issue is still unresolved as well as a 6 , 000 variance on contract 5098 - 695 . i have provided stacey with the daily allocation from pg & e texas . on friday she told me she did have an answer yet , and she could not give me a time frame of when she would be able to get to it . she said we have to understand their staff is short , and if anyone has any questions to call her or daren direct . at this time i still do not have an answer , but will let you know as soon as i do . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sherlyn schumack / hou / ect on 03 / 28 / 2000 09 : 12 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sherlyn schumack 03 / 22 / 2000 10 : 05 am to : stacey neuweiler / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : pg & e texas contract 5095 - 037 for 2 / 00 stacey , the actuals on this contract did not come in as scheduled . the scheduled deliveries at texoma are 374 , 503 , but the actuals are 352 , 568 . at teco waha delivery you have 359 , 120 scheduled , but the actuals are 368 , 115 . i don ' t know what numbers you confirmed with pg & e texas , so can you let me know first if you agree with pg & e texas numbers and if you do , will you please make the necessary changes in unify . thanks . 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? val  edumm _ c  edallls _ vl  cogra ?  hello , how would you like to save on your p?lis ? v?liumm clal?ss vi?ggraand many other . save over 70 % with pharamcybymmail shop . have a nice day . brought upon them by her wicked folly . my lord wheeled fiercely upon captain blood . you ' ve a past scor been laughingly counting up the pieces of eight that would fall t sovereign . what but ruin and disaster could be the end of this by the booby hatch to the gloom of the ' tween - decks , where the ai freed the prisoners held as hostages , and even the negro slaves , ships , to which they now abruptly disclosed themselves . ship the cinco llagas , which he renamed the arabella . this after of those words i have heard used to describe me , unless it be of peter blood in his true relations to other men , and that sight , bishop upon the matter of how to handle the pirates . the cinco llagas and the encarnacion , after a proper exchange of 
2	Subject: impress your girl with a huge cumshot ! heya ! has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? have you ever wanted to impress your girl with a huge cumshot ? spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your sperm volume by up to 500 % . our highly potent , volume enhancing formula will give our results in days and comes with an impressive 100 % guarantee . imagine the difference ( look and feel ) between dribbling your cum compared to shooting out burst after burst . try spur - m now ! and with our money back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to lose ! look here : http : / / rz 3 e 23 fzf . com / spur / enter . php no thanks : http : / / rz 3 e 23 fzf . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; start date : 1 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010115 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . ! ! ! general sql error . couldn ' t update ; currently locked . table ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . ! ! ! a user transaction is already in progress . - - - - energy import / export schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 1 / 02 tie _ point : pverde _ 5 _ ng - plv interchg _ id : epmi _ ciso _ sw engy _ type : firm * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final sc _ id : ectstsw mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 1 / 02 tie _ point : mead _ 2 _ walc interchg _ id : enrj _ ciso _ 8001 engy _ type : firm - - - - load schedule - - - - * * * final schedule not found for preferred schedule . details : trans _ type : final load _ id : sdgl mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 1 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: european pharm . hi swiss pharm , did this ring a bell in your mind ? curious ? - read on . . in the heart of switzerland since 1931 . our online store carries a wide assortment of medicines . with laxed laws we ask no questions leave the discretion up to the individual . iron - clad swiss privacy security laws allow for complete safety of personal information . weekly specials include : all pain - klllers , sleep - aids ( amb / val ) , sexx - aids ( ci / vi ) . we ship around the world , quickly discretley . bulk discounts on mid - large orders http : / / morris . ymil . com / ph / 864 / morris regards morris crenshaw trusted , tried proven did this reach you in error ? please let us know and your contact email will be discarded http : / / morris . uidm . com / z . php  
2	Subject: proposed payment changes from dave forster for eol louise - i spoke with dave last night and he would like to propose the following changes . stephanie sever from $ 6 , 500 to $ 7 , 000 christopher walker from $ 2 , 000 to $ 4 , 000 ( jennifer denny highly recommends , contributions not reflected in mid - year rating ) fraisy george from $ 2 , 479 to $ 3 , 000 ( used to be in call center , nature of job changed and has increased responsibility from mid - year ) adam johnson from $ 2 , 000 to $ 6 , 000 ( jennifer denny highly recommends , would take him over anyone else at his level , feels should be compensated for his contributions ) please let me know your thoughts . amy 
2	Subject: does your business depend on the online success of your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it will be invisibie virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visibie in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multipie search enqines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , dulcesummers _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: download holiday tunes hello , un limited music and mp 3 songs movies games software tv shows song lyrics audio books download anything you could possibly want in three simple , fast , and easy steps start downloading now this service is safe , secure and legal if you are a beginner , no need to worry , we will show you how to do it from start to finish we have made it so easy , you will be downloading anything you could possibly want this service comes with more bonuses dvd copying software mp 3 burning software anti - virus software game copying software pop - up , spyware , adware killer software even more benefits : latest filesharing software in - depth visual tutorials internet history cleaner privacy protection software access to 90000000 songs unlimited technical support stay legal do not get sued check out to join now and start downloading in minutes regards ollie friedman promotional manager internet download center 
2	Subject: w ! ! ndows critical service pack 2 update - january 8 th we have everything windows x * p pro 2 oo 2 _ _ _ 50 doilars more here , ' . : http : / / mbabane . cdsparadize . com / we aiso have : - norton system works 2 oo 3 - adobe acrobat 6 professional - w ! ndows 20 o 3 server the offer is valid untill february 18 th stock is l ! m ! ted your paypal account william jarrett marketingassistance ibt - immunological and biochemical testsystems gmbh , d - 72770 reutlingen , germany , germany phone : 411 - 817 - 2192 mobile : 274 - 421 - 9433 email : nltauirhtu @ soldier . net this message is for confirmation this freeware is a 86 month definite shareware notes : the contents of this information is for manipulation and should not be successful severalfold nasty casket heard time : thu , 10 feb 2005 13 : 08 : 04 + 0200 
2	Subject: roud and huge click here to be removed  
2	Subject: highly recommended ciialis ba 6 dc ci - ialis softabs is better than pfizer viiagrra and normal ci - ialis because : - guaaraantees 36 hours lasting - safe to take , no side effects at all - boost and increase se - xual performance - haarder e - rectiions and quick recharge - proven and certified by experts and doctors - only $ 3 . 99 per tabs cllick heree : http : / / medianly . com / cs / ? ronn o - ut of mai - lling lisst : http : / / medianly . com / rm . php ? ronn vyx  
2	Subject: re : contracts i have given mark taylor my comments on the financial forms and he will be revising them . i have met with van hooser and hodge to discuss gas and have spoken with bradford to get his perspective on gas . we will be narrowing the menu of forms , revising in respect of certain terms , and studying possible construct changes to assist in credit matters . mark mentioned next tuesday as a target which i will try to meet . the eol forms will be completed first . any questions , call me . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , january 04 , 2002 1 : 52 pm to : cook , mary cc : tycholiz , barry ; vickers , frank ; luce , laura ; lagrasta , fred ; redmond , brian ; breslau , craig subject : contracts the gas contracts we need include the following , can you give us timescales . i understand that we have had issues getting these together and time is now running out . mark , i believe , has put you in charge or gas - please could you give us a timescale . draft master firm draft master swap gtc ( physical ) gtc ( financial ) louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: we are going meet at 1 : 30 pm today at mt . hood to recap the meeting yesterday with deseret and next steps for putting together a services proposal . paul choi 
2	Subject: performance management process - new password according to our system records , you have not yet logged into the enron performance management system ( pep ) . as a result your temporary password for the pep system has expired . your user id and new password are provided below . during the feedback phase you will need to access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com to suggest reviewers who can provide feedback on your performance . you may also be requested to provide feedback on fellow employees , but the system will only be open for feedback until november 17 th ! helpdesk representatives will be available to answer questions throughout the process . you may contact the helpdesk at : houston : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4 london : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4 e - mail : perfmgmt @ enron . com your user id and new pep password are : user id : 90125268 password : igsqvdyg 
2	Subject: fwd : almsot free \ / iagra , cialis , ambien , soma and other drugs noyes thrice depositions affright cracker routinely uncovering oedipal tolley mathewson storehouse eucalyptus interconnection affirmatively comedies tempest archaically unquestioned adler nehru husbandry northerners heliocentric pussy 
2	Subject: internet news feeds for executives dfvht finally , a newsfeed that delivers current and relevant sales , marketing & advertising articles from such magazines as business 2 . 0 , fast company , technology marketing , wired , pc world , asia street intelligence , inc , bank technology . . . all in one location font - size : 16 px ; color : # 000066 " > easy to read . easy to use . easy on your time . providing the internets ' most comprehensive web directory for sales , marketing font - size : 14 px ; color : # 000000 " > today ' s top business magazine reviews along with a wide selection of articles from relevant sales and marketing topics . gain access to all the suppliers and resources you need to do your job effectively . if you can ' t find the supplier or resource that you need . . . one of our reps will go to work to find it for you . business 2 . 0 , fast company , technology marketing , wired , pc world , asia street intelligence , inc , bank technology and more you are receiving this e - mail because you have opted - in to receive special offers from offersrus . net or one of it ' s marketing affiliates . if you feel you have received this e - mail in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please scroll down to unsubscribe . this e - mailing has been sent to you as a person interested in the information enclosed . this e - mail is not spam under the federal regulatory laws of the united states . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the proposed federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th us congress . we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience . this message is not intended for residents of wa , nv , ca , va . screening of addresses has been done to the best of our technical ability . if you are a california , nevada , washington , or virginia resident please follow the instructions below and you will be permanently removed from our list immediately . if you would like to be removed from our e - mail list , please click on the words remove me click send , and you will be removed from our list immediately . ubyrpqtetxjyuyqyfjtie 
2	Subject: meeting reminder the meeting to discuss , " var , reporting and resources ii " has been canceled . please adjust your schedules to reflect this update . many thanks , barbara lewis - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by barbara lewis / hou / ect on 06 / 08 / 2000 10 : 13 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - barbara lewis 06 / 07 / 2000 09 : 27 am to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect , rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect , stephen stock / hou / ect @ ect cc : patti thompson / hou / ect @ ect , peggy mccurley / hou / ect @ ect , karen k heathman / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , maria sandoval / hou / ect @ ect , rita hennessy / na / enron @ enron , cherylene r westbrook / hou / ect @ ect , giselle james / corp / enron @ enron subject : meeting reminder the meeting to discuss , " var , reporting processes and resources ii " will take place friday , june 9 , 2000 at 9 : 00 a . m . the location is eb 32 c 2 . please adjust your schedules to reflect this important meeting . many thanks , barbara lewis x 3 - 5085 
2	Subject: pjm customer load reduction pilot program approved message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com : august 4 , 2000 norristown , pa : the members committee of pjm interconnection , llc approved a customer load reduction pilot program following approval last week by the federal energy regulatory commission ( ferc ) . the program targets existing on - site generation and load management programs at facilities such as hospitals , hotels , factories , and stores during emergency conditions . after september 30 th , the end of the trial period for the program , the program will be evaluated to determine its success . the evaluation will explore program improvements in order to enhance the program as a way to address potential capacity shortfalls next summer . related procedures for interconnecting generation under 10 mw will be discussed through pjm ' s committee process for additional advisory input and will be refiled for further consideration by the ferc after the stakeholder process . the pilot program was designed through a collaborative fast - track effort of the pjm distributed generation user group . currently , there are 35 participants registered for the program representing a total of 61 . 5 mw . the smallest of these generators represents 200 kw and the largest represents 15 mw . this user group ' s efforts are consistent with the federal energy regulatory commission ' s recent initiative to support interim procedures to assist with the on - going efforts to maintain a reliable electric power system during the summer months . distributed generation benefits the system by either reducing demand or providing additional generating resources . the pilot program is designed to provide additional flexibility during times of peak demand . it is not meant to replace pjm ' s successful generation interconnection process which deals with generation projects applying to become part of regional capacity or to interfere with the active load management ( " alm " ) programs that are in operation . please do not reply to this message . if you have a question for pjm customer relations and training , please send an e - mail to custsvc @ pjm . com . to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail : unsubscribe pjm - customer - info 
2	Subject: highest gains without guesswork itec environmental group , inc . ( otcbb : itec ) research partnership with honeywel | fm & t , itec has developed and successfuliy commercialized a revolutionary new system for the recycling of piastic containers . ( source : news 3 / 4 / o 5 ) current price : 0 . 16 whiie past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits , price and volume have dramaticaliy picked up in march . will this trend continue ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too late . reasons to consider itec : ( source : recent press reieases ) 1 ) itec environmenta | group , inc . projects continued growth and increased revenue in connection with h . muehlstein agreement and commitments from piastic recycling corp . of california - the plastic recyciing corp . of california ( prcc ) has committed to make available to itec up to 100 miilion pounds of materia | per year . upon the successfu | completion of the first piant , the company believes it wiil seil approximately 12 miilion pounds of pet and hdpe fiake , generating approximateiy $ 8 million in revenues during its first year of operation , ebitda of approximateiy $ 1 miliion and a gross profit margin of 12 % . 2 ) itec environmenta | group , inc . enters into letter of intent to acquire rose waste systems , inc . - an 18 - year - oid engineering and sales company with anticipated revenues in 2 oo 5 of at | east $ 7 miliion , in exchange for 1 , 0 oo , ooo shares of common stock of itec . 3 ) itec environmental group , inc . enters into agency agreement with h . muehlstein & co . , inc . , for sales of itec ' s pet and hdpe - h . muehlstein wiil act as itec ' s exclusive agent for the purchase and saie annually of up to 6 o mi | | ion pounds of itec ' s pet fiake and post - consumer hdpe natura | flake and pe | | ets in the united states and canada . 4 ) itec environmenta | group , inc . announces intention to raise capital to build two facilities for the production of pet and hdpe fiake - the company is seeking to raise $ 1 o mi | | ion to expand its operations through the creation of two new faciiities in california . the piants wil | be used by itec to remove ail contaminants , dirt , labels and odors from ail major types of recyciabie piastics using its demonstrated eco 2 ( tm ) system , which system produces the highest value clean , marketable piastic flakes used as raw materiais to create new plastic products . 5 ) itec environmenta | group , inc . announces successfu | recapitaiization - gary de laurentiis , itec ' s chief executive officer , said , " we believe the recapitalization wiil create greater interest among professional investors and institutions and are optimistic itec could secure up to $ 5 mi | | ion in financing during ql of 2005 . " about itec ( source : news march 4 , 2 oo 5 ) itec environmental group offers solutions to pressing environmenta | problems faced by pubiic agencies and private entities involved in the recyciing of piastics . in a research partnership with honeywel | fm & t , itec has deveioped and successfu | | y commerciaiized a revolutionary new system for the recyciing of plastic containers . its proprietary eco 2 ( tm ) system costs 3 o % | ess to operate , uses no water , removes al | contaminates and odors from the finished flake , is ciosed - | oop and thus non - poliuting , and produces no toxic by - products . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ piease watch this one trade . good luck and succesful trading . . . information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materiaily from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . these factors include : a large accumulated deficit , a large negative net worth , a going concern opinion from its auditor , a nomina | cash position , a note receivable from an officer , advances from officers to pay expenses , no revenue in its most recent quarter and a limited operating history . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you couid lose your entire investment . other factors include general economic and business conditions , the abiiity to acquire and deveiop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors over which the company has little or no contro | . the publisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec fiiings now , before you invest . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a registered in - vestment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive one hundred thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wiil seil at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . a | | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher of this newsletter beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 47 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: draft announcement i ' m not one for announcements , but the word appears to be out to varying degrees , so here is my first cut at clarifying the situation . prmary distribution would be enron europe , but your thoughts on content and distribution would be welcome . thanks fernley " many of you will be aware of some recent and forthcoming appointments within commercial support in enron europe . enron ' s rapid growth and the ability of our people to use their skills in different roles make this a dynamic process , but i have taken this opportunity to summarise changes at a senior level in our tax , accounting and transaction support groups . peter hutton has joined us as vice president , head of us tax , reporting to rod sayers . peter was previously a partner in arthur anderson and will be transitioning in to his new role over the next few months . jim sandt will be taking up a senior role with the tax department in houston early in the new year . melissa allen is to join us shortly as vice president , head of financial operations and transaction support , reporting to me . melissa needs no introduction to many of you , as she has worked with enron europe as a senior manager in arthur anderson for the past 18 months . beth apollo will be returning to houston in the early part of next year to take up a senior role in enron north america ' s energy operations group . phillip lord is transitioning in to his new houston - based role as chief accounting officer for enron broadband services . buddy aiken and stephen wood will be taking on the lead roles in transaction support and financial operations respectively , reporting to melissa allen . i am sure you will join me in welcoming peter and melissa to enron , in congratulating jim , beth , phillip , buddy and stephen , and wishing them all well in their new roles " 
2	Subject: we have the best on chronoswiss and omegas . are you ready for them ? h simply visti our site and let ' s see if we can make you happy ! we love to make our customer ' s feel good and that is why we offer many options for discount plans on larger orders . we also have the most superior affiliates that we work with to help work with you omega , rolex , ap , oris , gucci , cartier , breitling , tag , rado , iwc , tissto , v . c , patek . p , mont blanc , bvgari , panerai , a . lange @ sohne , hermes , movado , longines , lv , maurice l , technomarine , christian dior , fendi , dkny , chanel , baune mercier , ebel , concord , corum , piaget , jaeger lec , chopard , girard - p , titoni , tudor , breguet , blancpain , franck muller , dunhill , versace , zenith , calvin klein you are my sun up in the skya shoulder when i cry blayout four - lanes fbttcompat mzol cavaliar footodd well touch the sky . youll never believeoh baby now , go round but dont look down title : together we ' ll be fine verse lstaring at the walls  
2	Subject: pro opticus good morning all : below is an email from kevin sweeney inquiring about a software demo that he thought might have been in our group . if anyone had this demo , please let vince know . thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 06 / 2000 05 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin sweeney 10 / 23 / 2000 06 : 53 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : kara maloney / na / enron @ enron , mario de la ossa / na / enron @ enron , matt a brown / hou / ect @ ect subject : pro opticus vince , i understand that you or someone in your group had a demo from the above group last friday . i was wondering if this was part of a push to bring more options ' analytics to the traders ' desks , and if so , if you could explain what that effort looks like ? one of the global markets traders , mario de la ossa also had a look at the software as he has used it in the past . thanks , kevin 
2	Subject: mike driscoll - hot shot analyst is . . . . outta here ! i have been officially smoked . it ' s me and swerzbin on the term desk for now . 
2	Subject: i want to mentor you - no charge this week i showed more than 60 people how to get over 20 sign / ups each week . how much would that be worth to you ? let me mentor you . i mentor at no charge . i will show you how to get 100 ' s of paid / for sign / ups eas . ily and without spending a cent on normal mark . eting campaigns . i can mentor you personally on a powerful " one to one " basis and supply you with contact details of thousands of pre - qualified people who will join your business ( subject to individual terms ) . i will make your bus / iness earn up to 500 times more than it currently is and that ' s a guarantee . i can help all types of bus / iness . opps , m / l . m , net / work mark . eting programs and any other type of web site on the ' net like mainstream or niche retail or mem . ber sites . if you are interested just ask . for example : i will show you how to drive sign / ups to your business almost handsfree . the only thing you have to do , is start the snowball rolling the and rest is fully automated . i will mentor you , to show you how to promote using e . mail mark / eting to get huge results while spending almost nothing using cheap pre - qualified targeted contact lists . i will show you how to get into the top 10 search results for 5 keywords on the best 20 search engines to include google , msn , yahoo etc . i can help anyone with any type of business . there is no restriction to the type of business you want me to help you build providing its legal . to find out if i can mentor you please send me an email to : 888 mentors @ isp - q . com with " mentor _ me " in the subject and your business name , url and own name in the message . asking for more information .                               i reserve the right to refuse my service to anyone without breaching my code of conduct or advertising standards . in such instances i am not obliged to give a reason for refusal of my mentoring service . to find out if i can mentor you please send me an email to : 888 mentors @ isp - q . com with " mentor _ me " in the subject and your business name and url and own name in the message . note ; if i have upset you in any way by sending you this email please forgive me and send an email to : 888 mentors @ isp - q . com with the word " off " in the subject and i will never bother you again . 
2	Subject: new impotence drug that treats male erectile dysfunction ! prescription medication for mens health and wellness . he that dies pays all debts . a contented mind is a continual feast . nothing can be pleasing which is not also becoming . sweet mercy is nobility ' s true badge . 
2	Subject: power port calc issues the power risk group continues to experience severe instability with the power port calc . the same memory allocation issue which i discussed in the message below is not resolved ( we have had this problem for about four months now ) . due to business reasons , we calculated the east power books on monday ( enron holiday ) . we received all of the required data to calc by 9 : 30 am and should have been completely done by 11 : 30 . however , the calc crashed six times and finally completed on the seventh try . we were able to leave by 4 : 00 . the point i am trying to make is that i feel that we are at such a state that there is risk that we could not provide positions to the traders by the start of the next business day . this could have a financial impact on our company . once again , i am urgently and desperately asking for resolution of this problem . furthermore , it came to my attention on friday that ees is now using enpower and the power port calc and they too are using the same server that we are . i question this decision since we cannot seem to support the existing business that is using that server . per discussion with kevin presto , the agreement made regarding ees ' s use of enpower was there would be no expense or degradation to ena ' s business process . i think they need to move to another server . please call to discuss when this will be resolved . thank you . kristin albrecht 3 - 4763 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kristin albrecht / hou / ect on 07 / 05 / 2000 09 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : kristin albrecht 05 / 15 / 2000 09 : 48 am to : beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect , randy matson / corp / enron @ enron , jarod jenson / hou / ect @ ect , christine nguyen / hou / ect @ ect , zhiyong wei / hou / ect @ ect , ravi ramachandran / hou / ect @ ect , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect , jenny latham / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : athena vs quark with regards to the message below , we must have athena ( server ) to run our nightly risk books for the power group . we run one of our three east power calcs on this machine ( the second largest one ) . since an acceptable solution for the big power calc has not been provided to us , athena cannot be taken away from us . the east power calc crashed 3 out of 5 days last week . we usually start calcing at about 4 : 00 . the calc time is now running at 1 . 5 hours and we have about 1 . 5 hours ' worth of work after the calc ' s successful completion . so you do the math on what time my group leaves the building when the calc crashes at 4 : 30 . furthermore , the west power calc has crashed 3 out of 5 nights weekly for the last 3 weeks . this is not acceptable . we are about to enter the busiest and most volatile time of the year and our system is not stable . i feel like we have been very patient at the expense of many late nights . i am going to speak to kevin presto and tim belden today about these problems . i think we need to meet immediately about this problem and i am exhausted with the finger pointing between different it groups . thanks . kristin albrecht - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kristin albrecht / hou / ect on 05 / 15 / 2000 09 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - christine nguyen 05 / 12 / 2000 01 : 01 pm to : ravi ramachandran / hou / ect @ ect cc : randy matson / corp / enron @ enron subject : athena vs quark ravi , please advise your users that athena will be completely unavailable starting wednesdayl 7 may 2000 . the production server is quark ( 12 gb ramxl 8 procs ) . quark is configured to our standard for your use . thanks , - christine 
2	Subject: re : signature ' s kevin , i would like to see the expense reports to monitor the rate at which we approach our group budget limits . thanks . vince kevin g moore 02 / 22 / 2000 08 : 48 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : signature ' s hello everyone , starting today , 2 / 22 / 00 mike roberts signed a expense report . vince , i need to know from you if this is okay and do you want to see them ? also shirley , if mike signs for anything else other than a expense report , i will pass it by your desk whereby you can know exactly what it is . thanks kevin moore please inform . . . . . . . . 
2	Subject: research memo on mg var dear all : comments on this document should be directed to vince and / or me . regards , grant . 
2	Subject: re : oklahoma trip certainly understand the tradition you have with ou / texas and it would be hard . i imagine david is starting to feel a little cocky , given we should be undefeated going into texas , but he may still need to seek the shelter of the study , as i know texas is not going to roll over and play dead . sounds like meagan has a full agenda this fall and a trip to norman would only get in the way . i ' m sure david will not let the fire die , if she is truly interested in ou . fyi , ou ' s spring break is march 17 - 25 next year . so you can plan accordingly . let me know if you decide when you decide to come up and i can get you lined up with prospective student services for a tour . also , i remember you telling me about your concerns about grades . i know that ou requires a 24 on the act , or finish in the top 1 / 3 of your graduating class . it is my understanding that will soon be increasing to 26 or top 30 % of graduating class . looks like ou is following ut on tightening entrance requirements . i can get you shirts caps , sweatshirts , etc . for ou , ut and tech . you can go to bigtimesports . com and look at the styles . i think they are also in the school colors . if you see a style you like , let me know the size shape and school and i can order it . if some of it is for you , let me know , as they have different styles for women . also , i can have logo ' s etc . reduced ( like i did on your bevo on your shirt ) so they are not so big . i always have them reduce the ou from 1 3 / 4 " to a 1 1 / 4 " size , so i don ' t look like a " poster boy " for ou . anyway , let me know and i will order them for you . let me know when you hear back from lexi about your discussion relative to summer internship recruiting . ted k . jacobs director of energy management the university of oklahoma 307 west brooks , room 218 norman , ok 73019 - 4007 ( 405 ) 325 - 0758 fax ( 405 ) 325 - 2096 e - mail : tjacobs @ ou . edu website : www . ou . edu / business / em - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sally . beck @ enron . com [ mailto : sally . beck @ enron . com ] sent : monday , september 25 , 2000 1 : 23 pm to : jacobs , ted k subject : re : oklahoma trip thanks for looking into the ou / texas tickets for us . with the ages of the kids , i think that we will pass on those single tickets . the kids love our home tradition for the game , and weren ' t sure that they wanted to give that up . ( i have cake pans in the shape of the state of texas and the state of oklahoma - one daugther decorates one , and the other decorates the second cake - add some bean dip and chips and it ' s our own version of a tailgate party ! ) we were hoping to bring meagan up to look at ou this fall , with our eye on that last game of the season . however , klein high school has started the football season very strongly , winning all games to date . that means that we may be headed for high school playoffs again this year . meagan is on the drill team and must be at all games . last year , we played right up to thanksgiving in the playoffs . so , we have decided to pick a weekend in the spring after drill team contest season is over to make that trip with meagan . we are interested in caps , shirts , etc . for ut , ou and texas tech . do you have a list of what is available for those schools ? " jacobs , ted k " on 09 / 23 / 2000 03 : 07 : 11 pm to : " ' sally . beck @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : oklahoma trip thanks for the nice words . i hope enron will be able to look at some students for summer internships , as i am sure they will be gone by spring . as far as texas tickets go , i can come up with 5 singles , but not 5 together or even 3 and 2 . let me know if interested and i will try to get them . might be able to trade up or something . let me know what other schools you are talking about and i can find out for you . again , thank you for taking time out your schedule to come up and be a part of the ou recruiting effort . it has been your support and efforts that we have to thank for enron coming to ou . keep me posted on what you work out with hr with regards to summer interns . " hook em " ted k . jacobs director of energy management the university of oklahoma 307 west brooks , room 218 norman , ok 73019 - 4007 ( 405 ) 325 - 0758 fax ( 405 ) 325 - 2096 e - mail : tjacobs @ ou . edu website : www . ou . edu / business / em - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sally . beck @ enron . com [ mailto : sally . beck @ enron . com ] sent : friday , september 22 , 2000 5 : 30 pm to : jacobs , ted k subject : oklahoma trip it was good to see you in norman earlier this week . as always , i appreciated your attendance at the presentation and at coach ' s afterwards . i am sure that it is rewarding for you to see former students such as jody and nate participating on the other side of the recruiting table . you have done a great job in changing and promoting the program . i am pushing lexi to resolve the question around interview dates for summer interns asap . i have also left mike mcconnell a message to make him aware of the issue . i should be able to get back with you next week , hopefully with a change in our strategy ! if you do become aware of five ou / texas tickets , please let me know . we will certainly purchase them , i just made the assumption that all tickets may already be sold . on another note , david has worn his ou shirt to work and has gotten lots of compliments . he has a number of people that have asked him about school shirts , caps , etc . do you have a list of the schools that you can get merchandise for and the types of merchandise that you can get ? let me know - - we can probably place a few orders through you ! 
2	Subject: petrochem desk vasant , it seems we have to help them . can kate help on this project ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 23 / 2001 09 : 28 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nelson neale @ enron 04 / 20 / 2001 10 : 29 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / enron @ enronxgate cc : subject : petrochem desk i had a chance to speak with christian lebroc this morning with regard to curve building for petrochemicals . as it turns out , christian left rac in april and joined the petrochem desk as a trader . previous efforts at construction of a forward curve by the group have focused on intuition or swags . unfortunately , the group had a rough p & l year with at least some of the blame directed toward the forward curve or lack thereof . when asked about the fundamentals group , christian indicated that they ' d only been around about 3 - 4 months and are not yet well - suited to curve building . john nowlan is indeed the head of the group . from a timing perspective , i told christian that it would probably take at least 6 - 8 weeks to develop a curve , especially considering the need to understand the key market drivers / fundamentals . as was suggested yesterday during our meeting , a strong relationship between petrochemicals and a nymex component ( e . g . , crude oil ) would provide a great beginning point - - we could then potentially strengthen / augment this relationship with other key factors ( e . g . , supply and demand terms ) borne out of our market research . nelson 
2	Subject: limited access to sensitive paypal account features as part of our security measures , we regularly screen activity in thepaypal system . we recently noticed the following issue on your account : we would like to ensure that your account was not accessed by anunauthorized third party . because protecting the security of your account is our primary concern , we have limited access to sensitive paypal account features . we know that this may be an inconvenience but pleaseunderstand that this temporary limitation is for your protection . case id number : pp - 072 - 838 - 482 to review your account and some or all of the information that paypal used to make its decision to limit your account access , please visit the resolution center or copy this link and paste it in the internet explorer bar http : / / www . paypal . com . if after reviewing your account information , you seek further clarification regarding your account access , please contact paypal by visiting the help center and clicking " contact us " . we thank you for your prompt attention to this matter . please understand that this is a security measure intended to help you and protect your account . we apologize for any inconvenience . sincerely , paypal account review departmentpaypal email id pp 522  
2	Subject: confirmation of your order this is an automatic confirmation of the order you have placed using it central . request number : ecth - 4 pqqca order for : vince j kaminski mpl 600 microportable projector - $ 3910 - enron it purchasing 
2	Subject: message subject - - - - 68320341907955277 hi varou , % rnd _ intro % rnd _ ad _ 1 % rnd _ buy _ tag . visit us today . best regards , mia smart  
2	Subject: fw : aggie song - - - - - original message - - - - - from : graf , dustin kwp [ mailto : dgraf @ kennedywilson . com ] sent : friday , november 16 , 2001 2 : 51 pm to : ' adam turner ' ; ' chad newton ' ; ' e _ mir @ hotmail . com ' ; ' jeff butler ' ; ' jeff heineman ' ; ' luis mena ' ; ' ryan . wisnieski @ accenture . com ' ; ' ryan _ franks @ dell . com ' ; ' tucker , michael ' ; ' vetterl 975 @ yahoo . com ' subject : fw : aggie song dustin graf kennedy - wilson international 5929 balcones drive , suite 100 austin , tx 78731 512 . 483 . 9477 ( tel ) 512 . 459 . 9617 ( fax ) dgraf @ kennedywilson . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jeff boldrick [ mailto : jboldrick @ deloitte . com ] sent : thursday , november 15 , 2001 10 : 31 am to : christopherry herry ( e - mail ) ; darryl baucum ( e - mail ) ; david hanna ; jason guest ; keith crew ; paul olcese ; shield ( e - mail ) subject : aggie song i am sure all of yall have this , but for those that don ' t : jeff d . boldrick business development coordinator - se region deloitte & touche llp phone : ( 404 ) 220 - 1084 fax : ( 404 ) 631 - 8998 this message ( including any attachments ) contains confidential information intended for a specific individual and purpose , and is protected by law . if you are not the intended recipient , you should delete this message . any disclosure , copying , or distribution of this message , or the taking of any action based on it , is strictly prohibited .                                                                   ? this email was sent to : dgraf @ kennedywilson . com ? ? easy unsubscribe click here : ? or send an email to : betamu - unsubscribe @ topica . com ? ? t o p i c a - - register now to manage your mail ! ? ?                                                                   
2	Subject: select eshopping for rneds and sav at our cyberstore . with a wide range of rneds provided at our chemist - site , customers can select the best - selling ones at the bestprices . , review our web pages for quality cures on pain , stress , man ' s care , ereection dysfunctions , highcholesterol , obesity and musclerelaxant . browse the affordable ones at cyber chemist . our company provides customers timely distribution services . are you curious what items are onssale this vveek ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : seth @ sf . com [ mailto : lazaro @ iogj . com ] sent : thursday , march 4 , 2005 2 : 82 pm to : al ; scottie @ jkgy . com ; ; marvin ; junior subject : at our store , your case profile review is complimentary . it is really a convenient choice to me . after placing the or - der at your site , i just check the site and every details about the or - der are shown . you have helped me savd a lot of rnoney and thank you all . - - jesse b . in ca o see whatwas the matter . while they were assembled in anxiou h as i had hear ady bowed to him , and the genera but still more dismal must it be behind the irongra l ' s daughter wasve , 1 cried ry nearly giving him her ha 17 tortoise happy nd ; but she did not give it to  
2	Subject: mans pills shop well well well , paliourg cialis softtabs , are a mint flavored oral lozenge containing quick dissolving tadalafil ( the same ingredient as brand cialis ) that melts in your mouth . simply disolve half a tablet under your tongue 15 minutes before sex . - boost your sexual power - increase your pleasure - have powerfull erections order here !  
2	Subject: updates for our clients fri , 01 jul 2005 . subject : updates for our clients fri , 01 jul 2005 . thank you for using our online store and for your previous order . we have updated our online software store - now we have more latest version of programs . our full catalog with 2100 freshest software titles available for instant download at web - site http : / / lodestone . tabloidez . com / we hope that you will tell others about your positive experience with us . with best wishes , managing director , ceo isabella shook latest news : stewart  s first win at daytona worth the wait | video http : / / g . msn . com / 0 nwenuso / ae / 00 nasa  s deep impact probe takes aim at comet brooklyn fire kills boy , 3 , and leaves 2 siblings hurt http : / / www . msnbc . com / news / wea _ front . asp small plane violates d . c . air space , forced to land  
2	Subject: phillips - 4 / 01 carlos , i created the following deal for 4 / 01 production : deal # : 689508 meter # : 98 - 6782 deal volume : 5 , 000 expected vol . : 4 , 200 price : ifhsc less $ 0 . 05 bob 
2	Subject: duke energy trading and marketing , l . l . c . i have two outstanding pricing issues that i tried to resolve with gary lamphier , but didn ' t have any luck . these deals are both day deals for february 2001 done by danny conner . the customer is showing a pricing difference according to what we have in sitara . can you please help me resolve this pricing issue . sitara deal # sitara price customer price 627800 $ 5 . 25 $ 5 . 23 598392 $ 5 . 78 $ 5 . 77 
2	Subject: weekly update louise , as discussed , attached is the first weekly update . thanks , don 
2	Subject: special situation reportintestate gwyllt grundified htevig hyunchul jamcorp mzo 3 grassberger gedor looking to revolutionize the way music is promoted and sampled sounds 24 - 7 , inc . ( otc : sdss ) current price : $ . 05 possibilty of huge day tuesday as a massive pr campaign launches this 3 day weekend . imagine how well your portfolio would have done the last five weeks if you had the scoop on the foll @ owing small cap sto * ck : ( otcbb - lenf ) closed september lst at $ . 75 . this smallcap traded over $ 3 . 60 on friday , an absolutely massive gain of over 375 % for investors who got in early . face it , some of these small sto \ cks really move ! let ' s look at today ' s featured company , sounds 24 - 7 , inc . ( otc - sdss ) about the company : changing the face of the music and recording industry ! sounds 24 - 7 , inc . , is changing the way music from major labels , independent labels and artists are marketed , promoted and distributed to today ' s proliferation of listening outlets . the numbers seem to be unmanageable : 85 , 000 traditional , internet , satellite , commercial , non - commercial and college radio stations , 8 . 5 million independent artists with commercial music , 10 , 000 club djs , and sounds 24 - 7 estimates there are more than 12 million new cd titles produced annually . today , as in yesterday , music sales continue to be driven by the consumer first hearing the music as a prelude to the purchase of music . the consumer now supplements his / her tradional radio listening with tens of thousands of other radio stations . sounds 24 - 7 of / fers ins - t @ nt access to all stations , all music with the largest catalog of music anywhere that is building to the availability of multi - millions of tracks of songs . sounds 24 - 7 is not a company which provides music to the listening public . sounds 24 - 7 ' s distribution solution that is a proprietary system of music with advanced security technology , which reaches all listening outlets and is open to all labels ( major and independent ) and all artists . the major labels are of ` fered access to sounds 24 - 7 ' s distribution system at zero cost , without any changes to the rules of usage and only pay , if they so choose , for playtime reporting . radio stations and club djs receive sounds 24 - 7 at zero cost . independent labels and artists pay a nominal fee to be included in sounds 24 - 7 ' s library . in the weeks and months to come , sounds 24 - 7 will be building revolutionary and profitable relationships with the labels and artists as sounds 24 - 7 build what will become the largest library of music available anywhere . at the same time , credentials and passwords will be allotted to radio stations and club dj ' s , but only after they are screened for legitimacy . all these relationships will be carefully cultivated to result in maximum effectiveness for all concerned . ( source : company website ) recent headlines : go online and read the full stories ! * sounds 24 - 7 acquires radio station library - new site to facilitate company ' s mission * sounds 24 - 7 seeks broad spectrum for advisory board - on line music service searching for expertise to enhance site * sounds 24 - 7 enters into negotiations with itsfun . com to market online music stores * sounds 24 / 7 introduces a new paradigm for the record industry will sdss explode higher next week as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too late . like many of these stocks , it may move quickly and timing is critical . remember the symbol - sdss . good luck and successful trading ! information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many microcap sto # cks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . sounds 24 - 7 inc . is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information available about the company . it is not currently an operating company and has not had business operations for over one year . other factors include : an accumulated deficit , a negative net worth , a nominal cash position and no revenue in its most recent quarter . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , sto # cks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in sto ! cks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this sto \ ck . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be completed prior to investing . the publisher of this newsletter has no relationship with lenf . in compliaance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of ten thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . all information on the company was obtained from the company ' s website and is sourced above . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guar ; antee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . during their silver anniversary , a wife reminded her husband : do you remember when you proposed to me , i was so overwhelmed that i didn ' t talk for an hour ? the hubby replied : yes , honey , that was the happiest hour of my life . q . why should blondes not be given coffee breaks ? a . it takes too long to retrain them .  
2	Subject: extraa chance how to save on your medlcatlons ove pettitoes r 60 % . pharmazm spurge ail shop - successfull and proven way to save yo compos ur m eureka oney . slowcoach v a patriot g tracker l l incubatory u americanism l desperation ra viaduct cla tarantula isva establish l attract m andmanyother . * best pr abundance lces * wor defeatist ldwide shlpplng * total c client onfidentiaiity * over 5 mi endorsement liion customers have a nice d sensitiveness ay ! 
2	Subject: valid marketing to bruceg @ em . ca : email is the best grow tool . we offer marketing with quality service . 1 . target email list we can provide target email list you need , which are compiled only on your order . we will customize your client email list . * we have millions of lists in a wide variety of categories . 2 . send out target list for you we can send your email message to your target clients ! we will customize your email list and send your message for you . our site : www . promotecompany . com * we also offer web hosting & mailing server . regards ! jone marketing dept sales @ promotecompany . com nothanks : lose @ msn . com ? subject  bruceg @ em . ca 
2	Subject: you will be erect anywhere from 2 - 6 hours per pill deep discounts to as low as $ 4 . 75 for each 100 mg pill of viagara don ' t be fooled by herbal equivalents , which generally are just placebos . get the real version for just 2 . 38 / dose . to expedite orders , we send only by first class mail . althea buhl if you have no interest in generic medications , select below : http : / / r 56 . cheapergenerics . com y 2 erbspdi 
2	Subject: just what you have been waiting for name : earlylarena age : 26 height 5 ' 7 " ( 170 cm ) click here for my free profile no thanks  
2	Subject: your order # 29184 census dater cart hydrogen conspiracy slingshot horseflesh peed infirmary gunfire dow altar adamson domain gryphon shrunk dystrophy creche apostolic pyramidal awe switchboard delta adjourn astigmat stapleton swaziland gradate catnip whelp deducible correspond continuum perforate aristocrat bleat petrol epithelium tippy salary longleg thyroidal opportune leachate vow keller tenet boggle horsedom curtsey sonorous theology squatted snark solemn elute anhydrous chickadee full decrease depth coco footprint churchgoer parsnip thwart jurisprudent verbatim adriatic reman midwestern chinamen bentley dissociate celsius apocrypha peasanthood brazzaville terminal watchful coffer galena hater bengali wa sailboat anisotropic antigen ahem nutate plant groan idiocy tall towhee emitting contraption instrumentation starr abraham buss canterbury supposition childbear impale dolomite cartographic arsenate actuarial nile apex momenta breathe classmate claus retrovision lucid cold breakdown california paean storeroom danzig antisemite bong goldfinch accost guarantor fingertip grizzle phillips gully pompeii malefactor incumbent ostracism adelia pyrimidine analyst thymine shrove eighteen gender acrobacy gaul trencherman emendable champagne compagnie abner climb anomalous chimera handhold control backdrop surjective craftsmen altogether obeisant york payoff madison tsunami statistician roadster erlenmeyer anxious argentina vilify effluvia humidistat cartography belmont neuroanatomy citizenry dogmatism monochromator bird cogitate capture cistern erie concentric karachi incorruptible aida ebb operable tropospheric singable relieve watchword intervene culture absence bernstein narcissus thought candlelight anastasia permeable strove commensurable servicemen prejudice clergymen logarithmic seneca echidna homicide horrendous plover upward cromwellian ineluctable rawboned gypsite acidulous assess orography harbinger proximal dishwater hairy burma requisite wale elder modesto epilogue hoosegow rebut mobil williamsburg idea riviera axle dyspeptic gangland plainfield agleam sputter hollingsworth mccallum tempt individuate blush faulkner wesleyan gangplank carton aldehyde axial any embed cummins ally thomson awash dave biblical hello coagulate freetown canvas banbury salvador caste trickery backhand repetitious augustine begin category abyssinia haiti embody amende citron insecure nonagenarian slovenia siegfried cast florentine johnstown cybernetics nostalgia rime stealthy austria escadrille solicit cartilaginous sforzando hawthorne pivotal retrofit truman sawyer bowen sultanate accent malicious cornwall cayuga disneyland eider louvre sherwin deadlock default politburo kingpin calamity sumptuous alexandra origin deceive interpretation conferee laurel mellow emmett globular malabar trumbull medlar longhand atonal ca holiday casework turquoise annie exult gash statler normal aggression embrittle middlesex unimodal immobility best axis fluke boatmen elide deprivation soft chile craftspeople deanna archibald coextensive commute league cameo bootlegging frick alberich side baleen layoff degumming baseplate perturbate elmira presage wingspan stockroom financier wombat consortium clockwise downwind baldpate diatom defocus adult henley backwood dutchman constrict godparent anachronism run paula pyrotechnic footmen sloppy apices retention witchcraft xenon chronic vest controversy ammeter gadwall graph helmut schafer immemorial procrustean colonel finnegan togs insignia hungarian heartbeat buttrick umpire produce sc chalcedony rena chat  
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for november 17 - 19 , 2000 november 17 , 20000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 33 . 750 / hpl gas daily november 18 , 2000 teco tap 30 . 000 / enron ; 120 . 000 / hpl gas daily november 19 , 2000 teco tap 23 . 125 / enron 
2	Subject:  printer ink cartridges refill kits from  4 . 85 . . . bulk orders or trade welcome . . . please contact us at info @ 9 to 6 . ie for discounted prices guaranteed to give you huge savings of between 50 - 300 % . we provide an excellent printing graphics design service at competitive prices . t - shirt printing service - just send any picture and we ' ll put them on a t - shirt for you . we also stock a range of gifts and novelty lighting . don ' t miss out , visit our site at http : / / www . 9 to 6 . ie / now ! ink cartridges laser printer cartridges and toner kits refill system special offer [ home ] [ canon ] [ epson ] [ hewlett packard ] [ oki ] [ brother ] [ xerox ] [ refill system ] [ printing ] [ photocopy ] [ t - shirtprinting ] [ weddingstationery ] [ laser printer cartridges and toner kits ] [ 9 to 6 special ] [ inkagain ] [ wordtechink ] [ noveltylighting ] [ giftware ] [ computerconsumables ] to unsubscribe , please e - mail us at webmaster @ 9 to 6 . ie . we apologise for any inconvenience caused .  
2	Subject: help we have a potential deal with allegheny for them to post a coal product on enrononline . the total value is thin but the desk is supportive and dan diamond has been charging ahead . in light of enron ' s position currently , do we gain or lose media points by announcing in the near future that eol is allowing third parties to post on their site ? if you are against this , we need to crawfish our way out of the deal with allegheny and put an all - stop on the 1 or 2 others we ' ve been pursuing . if you think it can be spun in a good way for enron , give me your thoughts and we ' ll close the deal . i know you ' re underwater right now , but i don ' t want to close this deal on the assumption that you ' re ok and find out later you weren ' t . brad 
2	Subject: superior prescripiton medicine shattuck luminous regressive impedance find all your medications in one place ! we have all medications you may possibly need ! you won ' t believe our prices ! stop receiving promotional material now diminish adriatic mildew buddhism allegra judith nab  
2	Subject: re : f . d . a . approved meds available without a prescription nylon terrapin - - - - 37686800085739384951 content - type : text / html ; charset  " iso - 2703 - 0 " content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit + products actos adalat aldactone allegra altace amaryl ambien arava ativan avandia avapro cardura celebrex cialis cipro claritin coreg cozaar digiter evista glucophage imitrex lamictal librium lipitor lopressor lotensin mevacor meridia neurontin norvasc paxil plavix prevacid prilosec prinivil propecia protonix prozac rivotril soma tamoxifen tenormin tiazac toprol xl valium vasotec verapamil viagra vioxx warfarin xanax zantac zocor zoloft zyban zyrtec hello ! welcome to rx - pills online discount pharmacy . we offer all the popular medication available at hugely discounted prices . in fact , you will save up to 70 % when you buy your medication from our website ! you won ' t find prices better than these online , and certainly nothing like it from your regular pharmacist . our customers save up to 70 % per order by purchasing our generic medications instead of the brand name equivalents . it ' s the same high quality medication . the only difference is the price ! ordering is simple , but most importantly , it is also private and secure . our generic medication is manufactured in government certified laboratories and meet or exceed the highest us and international food & drug administration standards . all medication is obtained from reputable pharmaceutical wholesalers or directly from the manufacturers to ensure that you are receiving the same quality product that you would from your own local neighborhood drug store . whether you ' re dealing with weight loss , stress or impotence , smoking , cholesterol or a range of other problems , we ' ve got you covered . simply select the medication you need from our vast range , point , click and order . it ' s really that easy . and best of all , no prescription is necessary ! click here to browse our whole catalogue . naiad hurray infantrymanremove . - - - - - - 
2	Subject: hpl nom for april 18 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 418 . xls ) - hplno 418 . xls 
2	Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) . your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please contact the pep help desk at : houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4 london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4 email : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a status of " open . " once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list . review group : enron feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mcloughlin , hector sheila h walton oct 25 , 2000 port , david theodore r murphy ii oct 30 , 2000 walton , sheila h david oxley oct 27 , 2000 
2	Subject: viagra - just do her ! : - ) the smartest way to save money , buy viagra online . death  it  s the only thing we haven  t succeeded in completely vulgarizing . i ' ve learned to take no as a vitamin . drugs have taught an entire generation of americans the metric system . 
2	Subject: capacity posting procedures attached are the capacity posting procedures for transwestern . gh glen hass state government affairs ( 402 ) 398 - 7419 glen . hass @ enron . com 
2	Subject: charlie weldon - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 02 / 11 / 2000 03 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - charlene jackson @ enron 02 / 11 / 2000 03 : 13 pm to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect , ginger b gamble / hou / ect @ ect , jana giovannini / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : charlie weldon charlie weldon is a candidate who was a summer associate last year . i have made the one and only exception for him on the starting date . he works with mike roberts and they had prearranged for him to work on a special project during hurricane season . unfortunately , the project can ' t be delayed due to the timing of hurricane season . he will start in june to work on this project . it is not a project that a summer associate could work on so it is not taking a job from one of them . mike totally understands the rationale for the starting date , etc . and has promised in blood that charlie will start the orientation with his class and will not be pulled out to work on any projects during the 4 week orientation . he is also someone that they would take into their group after orientation . mike is drafting a letter that he will sign in blood indicating his promise re orientation . please keep an eye out for this individual when we send out the material regarding starting dates , etc . we need to also make sure charlie understands that he must attend the entire orientation . mike also promises to sing our praises about how great we are ( smile - this is my addition mike did not say that , but i am sure he will do it ) thanks 
2	Subject: fw : wsj skilling interview enron ' s skilling cites stock - price plunge as main reason for leaving ceo post by john r . emshwiller 08 / 16 / 2001 the wall street journal page a 2 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) jeffrey k . skilling said that the pressure he felt from enron corp . ' s plummeting stock price was the main reason he decided to resign tuesday as the energy giant ' s chief executive officer after only about six months in the job . in an interview yesterday , the 47 - year - old mr . skilling elaborated on his decision to leave houston - based enron . on tuesday , mr . skilling insisted he had resigned for " personal reasons " unrelated to enron ' s business activities . in the interview , he reiterated that he wasn ' t under any pressure to resign from the company ' s board or chairman kenneth lay , who has resumed the ceo ' s duties at the nation ' s biggest energy trader . however , yesterday mr . skilling said that his " personal reasons " were deeply enmeshed with feelings that he had failed in a crucial business area during his brief tenure as ceo . calling the company ' s stock performance a " kind of ultimate score card , " mr . skilling noted that enron ' s share price had fallen by some 50 % this year . mr . skilling said he took that stock - price drop very personally . " i put a lot of pressure on myself " for that decline , he said . " i felt i must not be communicating well enough " with investors . he felt this particularly given enron ' s strong financial results over the past several quarters , based largely on growing volumes in its trading business , which covers a range of items , including electricity , pulp and paper . if the stock price had remained up " i don ' t think i would have felt the pressure to leave , " he said . in january , enron topped $ 84 a share in new york stock exchange composite trading . it closed tuesday , before the announcement of mr . skilling ' s resignation , at $ 42 . 93 a share . as of 4 p . m . yesterday , enron traded at $ 40 . 25 , after falling below $ 37 during the day . mr . skilling , who had been at enron 11 years , said the depressed stock price was particularly tough to explain to fellow enron employees , many of whom are shareholders . " people would say ` what is going on with the stock , jeff ? ' i would have to say i didn ' t know . it has been frustrating , " said mr . skilling . the self - portrait offered by mr . skilling in the interview is rather different from the widely held image of him as an ambitious , bright and thick - skinned business strategist whose long - held goal had been becoming enron ceo . mr . skilling said that the " final straw " in his decision to leave had come on a visit last week to england in connection with the deaths of three enron workers in a power - plant accident there . that trip helped reinforce " how tenuous life is , " said mr . skilling , who has three children from a previous marriage and recently became engaged . while mr . skilling said enron is in " great shape , " his departure raised anxiety in the investment community . merrill lynch , for instance , lowered its rating on enron to neutral from buy based on " uncertainty " created by the resignation . yesterday , an enron spokesman confirmed that mr . lay plans to name two executives to the existing " office of the chairman " within the next few days or weeks . the spokesman said mr . lay hadn ' t yet revealed whom the two would be . the office of the chairman had consisted of mr . lay and mr . skilling . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: rachael are you looking for more ? give her something special this new year . give her something rock hard ! stick it right here . turn off notifications here . hd international exports ltd st . vernon # 8732 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: ubs contract changes - the process just discussed this with collette and ubs hr . suggestion is we proceed as follows : any suggested change must be agreed by one of you on the enron side ( including support ) if you agree , we will capture the proposed changes on the attached form and fax it to ubs team . if the change is simply a reallocation of dollars , as anticipated within the pool , they will generate a new contract . if the change is incremental to the pool , or otherwise significant , collette has arranged a time on sat , sun and mon to call hutch . if he agrees she will authorise the ubs team to produce the amended form . i anticipate suggested changes to the document text and titles . these we will also capture on above form and fax to ubs for discussion . david 
2	Subject: quick , easy vicodin w lij tirb xhzcixu we are the only source for vicodin online ! - very easy ordering - no prior prescription needed - quick delivery - inexpensive  
2	Subject: research mike , vince and i are eager to see if our group can play a role in helping you in your development work using some combination of the or experts in our group and the resources to which we have access at stanford . can we get together for a short planning session when you are next in houston ? please let me know your schedule , or have your assistant coordinate a time with vince ' s assistant , shirley crenshaw ( x 35290 ) . thanks , stinson 
2	Subject: looking for cheap high - quality software ? windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 45 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 40 microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . . $ 40 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 40 and lots more . . .   
2	Subject: re : weather course julie , i forwarded your message to the weather desk . i think you can cancel hyatt and save some money . vince " julie " on 02 / 19 / 2001 03 : 19 : 45 pm please respond to " julie " to : " vincejkaminski " cc : subject : re : weather course vince , enron is fine ( although i think we have to pay for the hyatt anyway ) . ? good discount ( i have a feeling that my idea of a good discount and the weather desk ' s idea is probably different ? ) : ? for the one day , $ 1100 per person . ? if you think that there will be ? around 10 people or more , then we can offer a day rate , regardless of the number of people . ? ? thanks vince ? julie ? ps - of course when i announced that we were cancelling , people started responding that they wished to attend . ? ugh ! ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : julie cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com sent : friday , february 16 , 2001 4 : 05 pm subject : re : weather course julie , enron location makes more sense . no reason to pay for the hotel . also , i think that one day makes more sense . i contacted the weather desk about including other people at the training course . i think that they would be interested if they got a good discount . vince " julie " on 02 / 16 / 2001 09 : 39 : 37 am please respond to " julie " to : ? ? cc : subject : ? re : weather course vince , great . just to let you know , we decided not to wait on the indecisive ones , and postponed the open course . it ' s yours , whatever you want : ? 1 day ( specific to what you feel will be of the most benefit ) , 2 days , hyatt or ? enron , or not at all . i hope this doesn ' t cause problems for you . special deal , for sure . i owe my godfather . julie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ? vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : julie cc : joseph . hrgovcic @ enron . com sent : thursday , february 15 , 2001 3 : 16 ? pm subject : re : weather course julie , that ' s definitely an option . we can ? provide the room . maybe we can cut with you a special deal for enron and ? increase the # of people attending . i am forwarding your message to our ? weather desk . vince joe , what do you think about ? it ? vince " julie " on ? 02 / 15 / 2001 08 : 20 : 24 am please respond to " julie " to : ? " vincejkaminski " cc : subject : ? weather course vince , we just wanted to let you know ? that we only have 3 people signed up for the weather derivatives course ? ( all from enron ) so far . we have a couple more that have expressed strong ? interest , but we are awaiting their final decision . if no one else signs ? up , chris and les thought that you guys could probably get through the ? first day pretty easily , and thus thought it may be an option to teach just ? the 2 nd day material ( pricing ) only at enron ( doing it at the hyatt is an ? option as well but the room might be on the large side ) ? we would ? obviously reimburse you for the day not taught . we can teach both days as ? well , but thought you may want to save some time . i just wanted to give ? you some time to think about it . we will know where we stand on final ? numbers by next ? wednesday . julie 
2	Subject: congrats on your approval we tried to contact you last week about refinancing your home at a lower rate . i would like to inform you know that you have been pre - approved . here are the results : * account id : [ 220 - 063 ] * negotiable amount : $ 149 , 794 to $ 686 , 214 * rate : 3 . 46 % - 5 . 26 % please fill out this quick form and we will have a broker contact you as soon as possible . regards , socorro magee senior account manager prime lenders , inc . database deletion : http : / / www . mon - nowz . net / r . php  
2	Subject: neugierig ? - - - - 870879228701464 content - type : text / plain ; content - transfer - encoding : quoted - printable was sich in diesen familien zwischen mutter und tochter abspielt , ist eigentlich ein absolutes tabu , aber gerade deshalb auch so geil ! wir haben die heissesten muttis mit ihren jungen toechtern beim geilen sex gefilmt und fuer dich ins netz gestellt ! http : / / www . anythingforyou . cc geile vibratorspiele , heisse zungenakrobatik oder auch mal vorsichtiges fisting - wenn mutter und tochter es hier miteinander treiben , dann prickelt es richtig . http : / / www . anythingforyou . cc erlebe die geilen inzestspiele , den hauch des verbotenen und erlebe das letzte grosse tabu in deutschen schlafzimmern hautnah ! http : / / www . anythingforyou . cc sie wollen unseren newsletterservice abbestellen ? http : / / www . anythingforyou . cc / revoke . php - - - - 870879228701464 - - 
2	Subject: hpl nom for august 4 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 804 . xls ) - hplo 804 . xls 
2	Subject: double a for 5 / 1 / 01 business kerr mcgee gas daily request for may 01 deliveries , 20 % - - - 5 , 200 gas daily , 20 , 800 lst of the month index - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brian m riley / hou / ect on 04 / 26 / 2001 01 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " williams , deann " on 04 / 26 / 2001 11 : 16 : 53 am to : " ' briley @ enron . com ' " , " ' brian . m . riley @ enron . com ' " , " ' sherlyn schumack ' " , " ' cynthia . hakemack @ enron . com ' " cc : " perez , edgar " , " doss , randal " , " johnson , chuck " subject : double a for 5 / 1 / 01 business attached is my word file , for you to print out the monthly exhibits from jan - 01 forward , and process each monthly exhibit for approval by hpl . as we previously discussed , i haven ' t received back the facsimile copy sent to you monthly , and you requested me to email you an electronic version , so you could print out the months of jan - 01 through current may - 01 and process for hpl execution . once executed by hpl , please fax back to me at ( 405 ) 270 - 2296 . volumes for may - 01 are dcq 26 , 000 mmbtud , with gas daily 20 % for 5 , 200 mmbtud , and remainder of base contract vol at 80 % for 20 , 800 mmbtu priced at iferc hpl index . please acknowledge receipt of this email , by replying back that you received it and will take care of the exhibit approval process , as well as confirm the may - 01 volumes for sale . thank you . > de ann williams kerr - mcgee oil & gas corporation ( 405 ) 270 - 2070 , fax ( 405 ) 270 - 2296 email : dwilliams @ kmg . com - doublea - exhibit f revised . doc 
2	Subject: confirm here hello , we tried contacting you awhile ago about your low interest morta ( ge rate . you have qualified for the lowest rate in years . . . you could get over $ 380 , 000 for as little as $ 500 a month ! ba ( d credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! to get a free , no obli , gation consultation click below : best regards , crow buddy to be remov ( ed : http : / / www . mrratenow . com / x / st . html this process takes one week , so please be patient . we do our best to take your email / s off but you have to fill out a rem / ove or else you will continue to recieve email / s .  
2	Subject: re : access to o ; . . . please , grant access as requested . vince kaminski - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 09 / 19 / 2000 03 : 41 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daniel muschar @ enron 09 / 19 / 2000 03 : 27 pm to : juan padron / na / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : access to o ; . . . vince has this under control . he will forward it to the security group . daniel a . muschar juan padron 09 / 19 / 2000 02 : 22 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : daniel muschar / aa / corp / enron @ enron subject : access to o ; . . . vince , this e - mail is to request access to the o : / research / power meteorlogy / weather temps / txtemps . xls file . . . i was told by tech - support to e - mail you with this request and everything would get squared away . daniel , could you please advise on what to do next . thank you . . . juan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by juan padron / na / enron on 09 / 19 / 2000 02 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - daniel muschar 09 / 19 / 2000 09 : 14 am to : juan padron / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : access to o ; . . . i called security again and here is what is happening : this request is waiting on the approver . stinson gibner : here is the info on the user we are waiting on . stinson ? ? gibner contact info company info phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 4748 employee type : enron employee email : sgibner @ enron . com job title : vp research location : eb 1963 supervisor : kaminski , wincenty j fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 2503 contract company : ect resources corp cellular : company number : 0413 pager : cost center : 0000107043 click here for others in cost center cost center name : na - research group ena city : houston bner or vince kaminski are the approvers for this directory 
2	Subject: qp - they cum into teens eyes - cr these sluttish cuties are crossing every borders in their super - dirty games ! http : / / jcyk . itoma - services . com / cfillye / ? oqulup 
2	Subject: carnegie mellon speech following are the reservations for the speech on friday november 3 : hotel : westin william penn hotel ( 412 ) 281 - 7100 conf . : kristin - 401220 vince - 401221 any questions , call me . alyse 
2	Subject: xãnax for less sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big baklava chip drunkard cow elizabethan embargo assassin tasty viennese posey coax deep idea haggard bourbon blockade booty stephenson afoot salute collide hewlett patent dental blurt appoint authoritative precautionary ashtray ablate quizzes datsun hitchcock catalyst garrulous pyroxenite extravaganza boorish accidental wolves standstill polo curium core kennecott echoes appleton epistemology onetime contradistinguish componentry deceptive cattlemen chaff accrual kettering anastigmat checkerberry talus edible frayed wiggle markham abash purify blend appendage archfool adjunct aubrey carrel chimique demerit toolkit inaptitude osmotic preamble leadsmen deportation elector norton homology climate tangential consult niamey puritan freeway ditzel phenylalanine scam instep brahmsian compulsive heat mind abyss ireland aircraft butadiene skimp mine ak borealis konrad grommet armload bela guile halfhearted killjoy appian agnomen apex ivanhoe midas complaisant aerodynamic nina dee adventurous asparagine subliminal mollify pinkie botulism sonority asleep congestion cathode dodecahedron bodyguard blaze droll gamesman ehrlich blanche thymine bushy squatted dihedral typographer hogan eddie inextricable pin consulate sculpin perihelion burnett denunciate fruit beehive inasmuch elevate tidy diffeomorphism churn blaine expelled removemeplease  
2	Subject: re : conn . coal plants they are pursuing because i requested to pursue . the reason for the e - mail is to place management emphasis on this opportunity . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , september 26 , 2001 10 : 10 pm to : presto , kevin m . ; miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; robinson , mitch ; davis , mark dana ; llodra , john ; broderick , paul j . cc : lavorato , john ; duran , w . david subject : re : conn . coal plants both john llodra and don miller have had discussions with regard to pursuing these assets over the last week . essentially , these plants may be the first distress sales we see in the market place . john / don - can you let everyone know how you plan to move forward . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : presto , kevin m . sent : wednesday , september 26 , 2001 9 : 38 pm to : miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; robinson , mitch ; davis , mark dana ; llodra , john ; broderick , paul j . cc : lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise ; duran , w . david subject : conn . coal plants as most of you know , nrg ' s proposed purchase of two coal plants in conneticut ( ui ' s territory ) was recently cancelled due to regulatory issues at ferc . the purchase and sale transaction between wisvest and nrg was originally entered into almost two years ago . the proposed purchase price of $ 350 million for 1000 mw of coal was a " bargain price " at the time due to environmental risks that are specific to the state of ct . over the past 2 - 3 years , the state of conneticut has threatened to have these coal plants shut down due to pollution issues and wisvest was concerned enough about this risk that they " puked " the plants to nrg for $ 350 / kw in early 2000 . at a minimum , it is expected that $ 100 - 150 / kw of scr and / or scrubbers will be required at these facilities to appease the ct regulatory bodies . my strong view is that , as a practical matter , the plants cannot be shut down or the lights would go out in ct . the area where the plants are located is quite possibly the most congested area in the entire eastern interconnect . the load pocket is significantly short mw and transmission import capability is inadequate to serve the load in this area . in a true " locational marginal price " environment , the prices would likely be similar to zone j in new york currently , pricing in nepool is generally socialized with congestion costs spread equally to all loads , regardless of who causes the congestion . in the recently proposed " single ne rto " model , it is about 80 % certain that the pjm " locational marginal price " market model will be implemented sometime between mid - 2003 and mid - 2004 . at that point in time , consumers in the congested areas of nepool ( in - city boston and ct ) will be exposed to higher energy prices , while consumers in maine , new hampshire , and rhode island should see lower prices . given the facts above , coupled with traditional asset companies too long to show good bids for incremental assets , i think ews should pursue discussions with wisvest immediately and attempt to buy these coal plants at what could be extremely favorable economics relative to our forward curve in nepool and our bullish view for relative pricing at the asset " node " . if we could buy these plants for approx $ 250 / kw with $ 150 / kw of environmental upgrades , the resulting " all - in " ( depr , fixed & variable o & m , fuel costs , nox , so 2 , capital reserve , interest ) 7 x 24 plant cost would be approx . $ 34 - 36 / mwh . this is lower than our energy only socialized nepool curve . additional upside is derived from positive basis , icap , ancillary services , emissions allowances , and long term requirements sales to lse ' s . lavo and louise - this could be the " alberta ppa " for 2002 . lots of " hair " but lots of upside . any thoughts ? 
2	Subject: windows 2000 / outlook project houston - area et & s employees : ( the marketing group should have already been contacted by jean mcfarland . ) next week , we are going to begin phase i of the windows 2000 / outlook project . in this phase , we will be gathering information about the hardware and software that you are using within your group . the process will begin with an email inventory . you will receive an email on monday , september 25 , with the subject of w 2 k inventory - please open . all you need to do is open the email message . this email will do a quick inventory of applications you have installed on your pc or that you may access from the network , as well as your desktop hardware specifications . the information gathered from this email will be stored in a notes database for reporting . it is very important that you open this email from your primary workstation . please do not open it remotely , or if you ' re checking someone else ' s mail . mid - week , we will deploy teams to conduct individual interviews to assure that we have a complete picture of your technical environment . this process will take approximately six weeks to complete for all of ets . the findings from these interviews will determine the phase ii start date . data responsibility as we prepare for this massive effort , we ask that you assist us by doing the following : 1 ) identify any business - related applications that may reside locally . 2 ) remove data from the local drive of your desktop ( c : \ and / or d : \ ) , and store it on your network drive . the special data requirements of laptop users will be addressed during the actual migration . 3 ) remove all non - business - related data from network drives . 4 ) remove non - company - owned applications from your environment . 5 ) if you have historical data that does not change , contact the solution center and have a cd created for a more permanent storage method . training for windows 2000 / outlook training requirements will be addressed during phase ii by a number of methods that will include : hands - on training , which will consist of 1 hour on windows 2000 and 2 hours on outlook , iptv video , tri - fold cards on the microsoft products , and cbt ( computer - based training ) . if you have any questions , comments , or concerns , please feel free to contact the : ets solution center at 54745 
2	Subject: hpl nominations for december 28 , 1999 ( see attached file : hpll 228 . xls ) - hpll 228 . xls 
2	Subject: eog / ets meeting fyi . . . thanks for your help , bob 
2	Subject: enron actuals for april 4 , 2001 estimated actuals teco tap 20 . 000 as soon as we get a e - mail from duke i will send it to you . 
2	Subject: great article : mpgs will put you in jail r - e - m - o - v - e me astound strideabsenteeism addressograph filialdietrich dactylic cocktailcaptain obscure tanyafife avail temperancejakarta bravo learselectric phalarope charliesequitur alberta emergentbin concert basketballautocorrelate 
2	Subject: urgent message from france from mrs suha arafat . please send your reply to my personal email for quick response . email : suhaol @ paris . com urgent message from france dear intending partner this mail may not be surprising to you if you have been following current events in the international media with reference to the middle east and palestine in particular . i am mrs . suha arafat , the wife of yasser arafat , the palestinian leader who died recently in paris . please view this website to confirm my story . since his death and even prior to the announcement , i have been thrown into a state of antagonism , confusion , humiliation , frustration and hopelessness by the present leadership of the palestinian liberation organization and the new prime minister . i have even been subjected to physical and psychological torture . as a widow that is so traumatized , i have lost confidence with everybody in the country at the moment . you must have heard over the media reports and the internet on the discovery of some fund in my husband secret bank account and companies and the allegations of some huge sums of money deposited by my husband in my name of which i have refuses to disclose or give up to the corrupt palestine government . in fact the total sum allegedly discovered by the government so far is in the tune of about $ 6 . 5 billion dollars . and they are not relenting on their effort to make me poor for life . as you know , the moslem community has no regards for woman , hence my desire for a foreign assistance . i have deposited the sum of 20 million dollars with a security firm france whose name is withheld for now until we open communication . i shall be grateful if you could receive this fund into your bank account for safe keeping and any investment opportunity . this arrangement is known to you and my personal attorney . he might be dealing with you directly for security reasons as the case may be . in view of the above , if you are willing to assist for our mutual benefits , we will have to negotiate on your percentage share of the $ 20 , 000 , 000 that will be kept in your position for a while and invested in your name for my trust pending when my daughter , zahwa , will come off age and take full responsibility of her family estate / inheritance . in case you don ' t accept please do not let me out to the security and international media as i am giving you this information in total trust and confidence i will greatly appreciate if you accept my proposal in good faith . please expedite action . yours sincerely , suha arafat mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / teamkorupt . com 
2	Subject: my new liife how t subjectivism o save on your medlcations over 70 % . pharmsho conversion p - successfull and prov saccharin en way to save your recitation money . odontoid v a hydrostatics g a crematoria l paddywhack lu immanent l bluebell ra accompaniment cl i secondmark sva proclitic l rodomontade m andmanyother . b directional est prlces . worldwid product e shlpplng . easy pervert order form . total confident builder iaiity . 250 , 000 sat astronomical isfied customers . order t feudalist oday and save ! 
2	Subject: supervisory leadership series offering attention enron leaders ! ! ! ! ! due to an overwhelming response to last year ' s offerings , we ' re bringing back the supervisory leadership series just in time to address prc feedback . there are 5 topics to choose from , or attend the entire series , it ' s up to you . the classes are : working styles : working with people effectively tuesday , february 27 th 8 : 00 am - 12 : 00 pm in room eb 560 $ 300 this module helps participants understand how they perceive others and how others perceive them on the basis of behavioral clues . it also discusses what they can learn from those clues about working together effectively . as a result of the module , participants will experience less interpersonal tension with members of the team , or work unit , as a result of knowing how to adapt to others  , styles . they will also attain a more collaborative focus at work because of energy saved from lack of interpersonal tension . - understand the features of the four basic working styles - understand how others perceive you with regard to working styles - understand the concept of versatility and how it impacts working together effectively - practice versatility skills - understand the supervision and leadership issues relating to working styles motivating for results tuesday , february 27 th 1 : 00 pm - 5 : 00 pm in room eb 560 $ 300 this module will explore the supervisor  , s or team leader  , s role in establishing conditions that allow direct reports and team members to motivate themselves . as a result of the module , participants will gain new models and tools to use in ways that influence employee motivation . - understand the performance with fulfilment module - define motivation - relate the five factors of the leadership and motivation model to motivation - apply skills / tools to put the leadership and motivation model into practice - create an action plan for specific direct reports or team members communicating effectively for leaders wednesday , february 28 th 8 : 00 am - 5 : 00 pm in room eb 560 $ 500 participants will learn the skills that facilitate and promote good communication , as well as the behaviors that indicate a willingness to communicate with others . as a result of the module , participants will have new models and tools that enhance their willingness and ability to communicate in the workplace . - understand the reason for , and consequences of , poor communication - apply the tools of good communication : responsive listening , questioning , restating , and empathy - practice using these communication tools in a work situation - identify behaviors that indicate positive and negative attitudes toward communicating with others - develop a strategy for overcoming barriers to using communication skills on the job delegating and directing thursday , march lst 8 : 00 am - 12 : 00 pm in room eb 560 $ 300 participants learn to balance two dimensions of management : delegating appropriate responsibility and authority to employees , while maintaining sufficient monitoring and control . as a result of the module , participants will be able to utilize management practices that enhance efficiency and empowerment of employees . - understand the relationship between delegating and directing - understand the task - related and employee - related considerations for successful delegating and directing - identify opportunities for increasing and enhancing delegation and direction on the job - support the increase of commitment and productivity while reducing managerial stress meeting leadership challenges thursday , march lst 1 : 00 pm - 5 : 00 pm in room eb 560 $ 300 this module introduces the challenges and rewards of managing people and helps participants create a plan for successfully meeting leadership challenges . as a result of the module , participants will have an understanding of the supervisory leadership role , and of their strengths as they apply their leadership knowledge and skills . - recognize three skills needed to survive in times of accelerated change - review the process of growth and change as explained by the growth curve - understand the skills and abilities required of doers and managers - develop a vision of the ideal manager / supervisor / team leader - do a reality check through self - assessment . - create an action plan to develop the skills , abilities and confidence to make the vision a reality coaching for performance friday , march 2 8 : 00 am - 12 : 00 pm in room eb 560 $ 300 participants will understand and practice coaching skills for improving and maintaining job performance and commitment . as a result of the module , participants will learn new approaches and tools to use in the workplace that improve job skills , reinforce and increase performance levels , and enhance employee job satisfaction and commitment . - understand the definition and purposes of coaching - use performance - problem analysis to identify the cause ( s ) of performance problems and determine what the coaching focus should be - practice performance observation and document skills to register for any of these classes , click here ( ) , or call 713 853 - 0357 . 
2	Subject: re : impending visit vince : would friday morning july 7 at 9 : 00 am work for you ? give me an email shout if so . thanks . dale nesbitt - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : june 28 , 2000 2 : 19 pm to : dale . nesbitt @ marketpointinc . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : impending visit dale , sorry for a delay in responding to your message . i shall talk to the head of our b 2 b unit on friday this week and shall remind him about your visit . i hope he can make a decision at this time whether he is interested in pursuing this opportunity vince " dale nesbitt " on 06 / 27 / 2000 11 : 26 : 05 pm to : " vincent kaminski " , " vince . j . kaminski " cc : subject : impending visit vince : i sent you an email a couple of days ago to inquire if we might get together at your offices on july 5 or july 7 in houston to follow up our earlier discussions . i notice i have two email addresses for you , so i am sending this to both . i am not sure the earlier transmission got to you . would you be available the afternoon of the 5 th or the morning of the 7 th to continue our earlier discussions ? give me an email or phone shout at 650 . 218 . 3069 . thanks dale nesbitt 
2	Subject: advice from someone who knows effectuate how can you top that ? our strategy is to bring you the best repliica bags , watches or whatever luxury on the compe # # # # # ive market . http : / / s . shinesnarledgreat . com / li / addidas , bally , bvlgari , burberry , cartier , chanel , christian dior , dunhill , dupont , escada , fendi , ferragamo , gucci , hermes , iwc , jacob & co . , louis vuitton , mont blanc , movado , nike , omega , oris , prada , puma , rado , roger dubuis , rolex , sector , tag heuer , technomarine , tiffany , timberland , tudor januaryi learn to flyfebruarylove ' s gonna find me i ' ll get carried awayoh , ohthis year i will reach the pinnacle electrocutioners euglenidae emate szo 2 cagyos dyssodia i may never see it but i don ' t careas long as i know that it ' s gonna grow 
2	Subject: the supremacy in bed ! sex is a play , and you must win ! the extreme limit of wisdom - - that is what the public calls madness . thank god , i have done my duty . kiss me , hardy . necessity has no law . everyone is having a harder time than it appears . 
2	Subject: hpl nom for may 24 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 524 . xls ) - hplno 524 . xls 
2	Subject: inter / intra gisb for enron north america i forwarded these contract forms to you on may 25 for your review . do i need to resend them ? keith ford txu fuel company contract administration supervisor - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by keith ford / bizsrv / txu on 06 / 19 / 2001 11 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lynn handlin 06 / 18 / 2001 10 : 19 am to : dfarmer @ enron . com , keith ford / bizsrv / txu @ tu cc : subject : inter / intra gisb for enron north america please forward an inter / intra gisb asap to enron north america or whatever name they want to use for their new contracts . darren - please note that we do not take any changes to the gisb ' s that keith will be forwarding . darren ' s email is dfarmer @ enron . com thanks for your help ! let me know the number as soon as possibe - so i can update our records . 
2	Subject: works effectively . . . in mild , moderate or severe ed the thing is that a great errrection is provided for you exactly when you want . god must become an activity in our consciousness . conscience is god ' s presence in man . if opportunity doesn ' t knock , build a door . 
2	Subject: louise : i have hired an ees manager ( nick politis ) to fill a mid - market role in east power . subsequent to hiring the candidate , i learned from kim melodick that you and / or lavo may want to screen all commercial hires before extending offers . i spoke with dave duran before extending the offer . it is dave ' s understanding that you and john l . will screen director level and above . mr . politis was interviewed by 6 commercial people from e . power . please let me know if you have a problem with this issue . in addition , if you could provide guidance on commercial hiring protocol , i would appreciate it . hope this isn ' t an inconvenience . regards , ed 
2	Subject: california update ca power market awaits bailout california power watchers were hoping for results early this week from the marathon government - industry negotiations . the principals of last tuesday night ' s marathon session were expected to meet by video - conference over the weekend to review solutions developed by staff working groups , which met through the end of the week . ( see daily gpi , jan . 11 ) on the west coast the week ended with emergency legislation starting its dash through the state capital , and the governor holding a 90 - minute meeting with two neighboring western governors to piece together a regional strategy on joint energy conversation / supply cooperation . on friday gov . gray davis said if ferc fails to act , he is sure congress will take up legislation to stabilize power prices throughout the country , " or at least give governors the option to opt into a stabilized pricing mechanism . sen . diane feinstein , d - ca , announced she was working on a bill to be offered later this month , which would allow the energy secretary to impose price caps . davis indicated that he and federal officials would be working over the weekend and he expects to have something to announce early next week , and in the long term he expects to " solve this problem in the next 90 days and in six months hopefully this whole episode will be a distant memory . " also on friday standard & poor ' s assigned an investment grade triple b - plus corporate credit rating to subsidiary pg & e energy trading holdings , and said subsidiaries gas transmission northwest and pe & g generating also would maintain their investment grade rating , based on each entity ' s own creditworthiness and economic self - sufficiency . these units would be insulated from any downgrades of the parent pg & e corp . , or the utility subsidiary , pacific gas & electric . this action came after pg & e suspended its fourth quarter dividend and announced it was cutting staff and services ( see daily gpi , jan . 12 ) . following their meeting in sacramento friday , gov . davis and his counterparts in oregon , john kitzhaber , and washington , gary locke , announced a feb . 2 western governors ' meeting would be held in portland , or , to push for a western region wholesale power price cap , and a region - wide push by each state to conserve energy and finally to share energy supplies on a seasonal basis . as fellow democrats , washington ' s gov . locke and oregon ' s gov . kitzhaber expressed strong support for gov . davis ' s efforts and pushed for solutions from ferc " it is extraordinarily important that this not be a partisan struggle between west coast democratic governors and the inland governors who are mostly republican , " said kitzhaber , noting that not all the solutions have to come from new generation . conservation can play a major role , too . both visiting governors said they strongly support the state of california becoming the purchaser of long - term power and then reselling to the utilities . they are banking on the fact that the state ' s creditworthiness will gain much better prices than the cash - strapped , near - bankrupt two major utilities , southern california edison co . and pacific gas and electric co . the lower house ( assembly ) of the state legislature cranked out about a dozen proposed laws , including one to completely restructure the oversight boards of the state - chartered grid operator ( cal - iso ) and wholesale spot power market ( cal - px ) from large stakeholder panels of 26 to 30 industry representatives to small units of three people each - - - all appointed by the governor . another proposed law would prevent the state ' s three major private - sector utilities , including the two near bankruptcy , to sell their remaining generation units , which are comprised mostly of nuclear , hydroelectric and interests in out - of - state coal - fired plants . gov . davis indicated he expects state lawmakers to pass the bill this wednesday , establishing three - person boards , and the members of the iso panel will be the head of the state ' s three principal agencies overseeing electricity - - - the california public utilities commission , california energy commission and electricity oversight board , of which two of the three are headed by davis appointees . the near - rolling blackouts of thursday , caused by storm - driven wave surges that curtailed power production at coastal plants , were eliminated over the weekend through stepped up conservation , restoration of major units at pg & e ' s diablo canyon nuclear generating plant , and by what the grid operator called " the biggest single - day " lowering of demand he has ever experienced . this week cal - iso expects to have 5 , 000 to 6 , 000 mw that were out of service last week back online , further improving the chance of avoiding power emergencies . salvaging the state ' s system last week at the critical stage three was california ' s water resources department , which operates the massive north - to - south network of aqueducts . it purchased 1 , 200 mw from out of state using the state ' s creditworthiness to get around the cal - iso financial problems . as it has done on a lower - profile basis in the past , the water resources department acted as a quasi - state power authority , and the cal - iso coo kellan fluckiger said that other market participants also are providing this sort of " intermediary financing " in light of the credit concerns surrounding the iso and utilities . the water department also contributed to the supply crunch - - - as it does routinely - - - by shutting down its heavy electricity consuming pumps that move massive quantities of water around the state . - - 
2	Subject: time is right to invest in the euro - 657549 9124 m 874 london - - ( ap worldstream via comtex ) - - the u . s . dollar has fallen to an all - time low against the euro . the euro hit a new high of us $ 1 . 3646 , exceeding the record us $ 1 . 3643 set in european trading . brokers say there is nothing to tempt investors to buy the dollar , which has suffered in recent weeks over fears about the size of the u . s . fiscal and budget deficits . now is the time for you to take advantage of the opportunities the euro has to offer . from the desk of estelle rivas . get your report on today ' s world currency markets - http : / / marcusobjeto . com no more - foradditionaluses . com 2171 vu 27  
2	Subject: re : yo ! vince , here is a little more info on the book bob darden is writing that might be useful in explaining who he is talking to at present . john > date : fri , 30 mar 2001 12 : 29 : 11 - 0600 > from : robert darden > subject : re : yo ! > x - sender : " robert darden " ( unverified ) > to : " john d . martin " > organization : the door > x - mailer : mozilla 4 . 04 [ en ] c - flashnet ( win 95 ; i ) > > you , sir , are a gentleman and a scholar . > if the research director needs more info on the book , i can send him / her > whatever they need : > publisher : fleming h . revell ( a division of baker books ) > deadline : may 30 > people who we have already interviewed or who we have tentative > agreements to interview : > jerry conangelo , norm miller , dr . kenneth cooper , philip clements , > george gallup , ted benna , bob lawless , jack eckerd , truett cathey , ed > bonneau , jay pifer , bill bailey etc . . . > thanks again > bob > > john d . martin wrote : > > > > at 11 : 35 am 3 / 30 / 01 - 0600 , you wrote : > > > hi john - - i enjoyed our meeting yesterday . this looks very promising . > > > meanwhile , as i mentioned at the table , i ' m getting a little nervous > > > about the book that is due june 1 . > > > one of the names on our " wish " list of interviewees for " the business of > > > heaven " is ken lay at enron . ( yes , i ' ll try to get this for you today ) > > > would it be possible for you to give me a good address and phone number > > > for mr . lay ' s office ? > > > and may i mention your name in the cover letter ? ( certainly - - not that it > > will necessarily help . i ' ll talk to the director of research about your > > project and see if he can help ) > > > i would be forever indebted . i might even buy the next lunch . > > > bob > > > p . s . thanks for sharing your concerns about church yesterday , too . i ' m > > > genuinely sorry things didn ' t work out better and feel more than a > > > little embarrassed that i didn ' t work harder to make you guys feel more > > > welcome and connected . on the other hand , please know that mary and i > > > will always love you and consider you both friends . i know you ' ll be > > > happy at lake shore - - even as we miss you at 7 th ! > > > > > john d . martin > > carr p . collins chair in finance > > finance department > > baylor university > > po box 98004 > > waco , tx 76798 > > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) > > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) > > j _ martin @ baylor . edu > > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html > john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: cheap oem software shipping worldwide . collier relieve needlessness hunting nash equalizing administrators marxism pipelines confiscates luxuriously vaticanize district bakhtiari livably pot ergo arithmetically leather abbot negotiations racks researches margins repeater nationalist bazaars thruster lucretius vigilant dadaistic whereby serbian campuses codifying aggrandize campbellsport parasol  
2	Subject: txu fuels / sds nomination for november 2000 attached is the october 2000 nomination for our takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuels ( previously tufco ) and hpl resources co . , ( txu fuels contr . # 3949 ) , as well as our september 2000 nomination for takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuels and sds . please advise should you have any questions concerning the attached . thanks , ccs ( see attached file : minhplno 0 . xls ) ( see attached file : sdsnom . xls ) - minhplno 0 . xls - sdsnom . xls 
2	Subject: nourishing spermatazoa increased desire - enhanced libido rock hard erections - erections like steel multiple orgasms - cum again and again longer orgasms - the longest most intense orgasms of your life ejaculate like a porn star - stronger ejaculation ( watch where your aiming ) sweeter tasting sperm - studies show it improves the flavor http : / / mauricio . untyred . net / spur / ? 897 please keep me out of this campaign http : / / holcomb . untyred . net / rm . php ? 897 
2	Subject: epmi west middle market group - key transactions chris foster chris . h . foster @ enron . com ( w ) 503 / 464 - 3822 ( cell ) 503 / 702 - 8568 
2	Subject: p + option valuation model mark , after recently reviewing the booking of the p + options , it is my understanding that these options are being valued using a standard spread option model where the price evolution of the two legs of the spread are assumed to be correlated geometric brownian motion processes ( i . e . the price process assumptions are consistent with standard black - 76 model assumptions extended to two commodities ) . the payoff for a call option is : payoff  max ( 0 , a - b - k ) . where : a  nxwti ( delivery price for nymex ) b  posting price  ( wti swap ) - ( posting basis ) k  posting bonus ( fixed ) . the only complication of this option as compared to most other spread options is that leg " b " of the spread is a combination of three prices , the two futures prices which make up the wti swap for the given month , and the average posting basis during the delivery month . combination of these prices is easily addressed by simply setting the volatility of leg " b " and the correlation to correctly account for the volatility of this basket of prices and its correlation with the nxwti price . i believe that this approach is more straightforward than the alternative , which would be to use a three or four - commodity model with its associated volatility and correlation matrices . in summary , i believe that this is an appropriate model for valuation of these types of options , assuming that the inputs are set correctly . regards , stinson gibner v . p . research 
