2	Subject: re : check julie , a clarification . we had an agreement with chris and les to contribute aus 10 , 000 as a part of the cost . vince " julie " on 10 / 30 / 2000 12 : 32 : 14 pm to : cc : subject : re : check vince , ? thank you for your email . ? ? we will send you a copy of the book as soon as it is available , which we are now estimating to be around ? 21 november ( no need to send us a cheque ; you deserve it ) . ? just let us ? know if we should use a different address than your office in houston . ? thanks again for all of your help . ? julie ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : julie @ lacima . co . uk cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com sent : monday , october 30 , 2000 2 : 16 pm subject : check julie , this message was returned to me a few times when i sent it from my home address . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000 08 : 00 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vkaminski @ aol . com on 10 / 28 / 2000 12 : 12 : 57 pm to : ? ? julie @ lacima . co . uk cc : ? ? vkaminski @ aol . com , vkamins @ enron . com subject : ? check julie , as the book is about to be released to the market , i would like to start the process to issue the check to lacima . who will be the payee ( lacima ) and what is the address ? vince 
2	Subject: re : enw promotion announcement thanks - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 5 : 12 pm to : wei , zhiyong subject : fw : enw promotion announcement congratulations - - - - - original message - - - - - from : enron announcements / corp / enron @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - enron + 20 announcements _ corp _ enron + 40 enron @ enron . com ] on behalf of greg piper and mark pickering @ enron sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 5 : 04 pm to : enw all @ enron subject : enw promotion announcement we are pleased to announce the following promotions within enron net works . these promotions will be effective august 1 , 2001 . we would like to thank these individuals for their past contributions and recognize their instrumental roles in the growth and success of the organization . please join us in congratulating the following employees and wishing them continued success with enron . accounting to senior director roper , kerwin to director galvan , michael to senior specialist armstrong , kristin commodity logic to senior director harrison , susan to director slagle , carrie global risk management operations to senior director to specialist earnest , scott brady , kevin hall , d . todd logan iii , jackson dewett , laura to director hoang , charlie bruce , michelle harrell , willie fondren , mark stubbs , shelly to staff rodriguez , melissa to manager bhatti , rashpal to administrative coordinator love , phillip villanueva , chantelle oliver , david rae , david to administrative assistant ii valdes , john saldana , america walker , lisa upchurch , arlene to senior specialist to senior clerk christiansen , suzanne white , stuart dempsey , dalton hollander , corey myers , donnie pallant , kathryn schumack , sherlyn shore , geraldine wallumrod , ellen enrononline - origination to associate rostant , justin technology houston - based employees to senior director to senior specialist behney , christopher allen , diana bucknell , martin atta , asem dopson , lametrice black , gregory guadarrama , michael clark , cynthia gubser , marlin fuller , william hillier , bob hardy , chryst montagne , kevin humlicek , robert nat , steve invedy , tantra rao , ramesh james , matthew wei , zhiyong jameson , lance ly , danny to director macphail , shawn bowling , william mansfield , carey cox , susan ( paige ) mei , xiaojun luu , duong mu , qi muschar , daniel to manager perret , jonathan alatorre , carlos rasmussen , michael andrews , stephen tiner , brent elliott , clayton yang , zhiyun reid , martin steward , larry to specialist valor , hildemaro ( tino ) gallegos , edgar guerrero , sam manguba , jimmy schlein , guy wu , betty to administrative coordinator weatherstone , mary london - based employees to senior director to junior professional hudson , brian cooper , russell lang , douglas to senior support larsson , johan bowie , keith li , yi jone messenger , jon mclean , gordon scott , denver maffia , mark mellitas , james to junior support oxley , peter ahmed , sohail petri , ingrid de - coi , david van rijn , jasper lee , calvin wadey , joanne mitchell , dominic morris , dan to entry professional rear , timothy alistair , reeve malik , ednan to senior professional ashton , david to senior clerk benjamin , phil ali , mohammed evans , christopher cresswell , james howell , lee stevenson , scott hunter , julia khan , golam nicola , trill stephens , scott steven , thomas tsang , david walker , neill wilson , melinda 
2	Subject: first delivery - rodessa operating co . see attached letter 
2	Subject: dr . michelle foss - energy institute michelle , fyi vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001 09 : 50 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - christie patrick 04 / 25 / 2001 07 : 43 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : dr . michelle foss - energy institute hi vince - - i ' ll take care of it ! thanks ! christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001 07 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 15 pm to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : dr . michelle foss - energy institute christie , i am forwarding you a message i have received from the university of houston . can you help them ? we have a very good relationship with the uoh . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - aisha jamal on 04 / 23 / 2001 03 : 15 : 29 pm please respond to aisha @ uh . edu to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com cc : mmfoss @ uh . edu subject : dr . michelle foss - energy institute dear mr . kaminski , i am writing to ask a favor for dr . michelle foss . as you know we will be running our " new era " program from may 14 - may 25 th . dr . foss was wondering if on may 22 nd ( between 1 : 30 pm and 4 : 00 pm ) , we would be able to bring our participants for a tour of your trading floor . at this time we will have 30 - 40 people , and since only 10 people maximum should really be on a trading floor we need to have 4 companies among which to divide our participants . at this time , we have a floor from coral energy , and are working with duke , and i will be contacting mr . paul roberts to arrange for the reliant energy trading floor . i was hoping very much that you would be able to direct me to the right person to contact to arrange this tour . will this be a possiblity ? i really appreciate your help very much . thank you ! best regards , aisha jamal energy institute 713 - 743 - 4634 
2	Subject: business risk management as a follow up to the 2000 audit plan , please be advised that we have not received to date the matrix reporting packages to enable my group to update the brm database on all audits since the beginning of the 2000 plan year as well as the capital books audit for 1999 . would you please make sure we get the following reports as soon as possible so we can get them in the database . if you have any questions , please let me know . thank you . donna reports needed : capital books ( 1999 ) enron online trading controls group database system management coal equity comparables merchant asset portfolio grms risk controls group pulp , paper & lumber related party & affiliate activities investment portfolio activity reporting & analysis phoenix / lim this includes all reports that were scheduled to be completed through june 2000 . 
2	Subject: prize award notification / advice aqb from : the lottery coordinator , international promotions / prize award department dear recipient , results for category a draws congratulations to you as we bring to your notice , the results of the first category draws of tripple wins internationa game . we are happy to inform you that you have emerged a winner under the first category , which is part of our promotional draws . the draws were held prior to your notification . participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 2 , 500 , 000 names / email addresses of individuals and companies from africa , america , asia , australia , europe , middle east , and oceania as part of our international promotions program . you / your company email id , attached to ticket number 6411 - 5 - 996 , with serial number 59 - 18 drew the lucky numbers 33 - 99 - 78 - 00 ( 18 ) and consequently won in the first category . you have therefore been awarded a lump sum pay out of $ 2 , 500 , 000 ( two million , five hundred thousand united state dollars ) , which is the winning payout for category a winners . this is from the total prize money of $ 7 , 000 , 000 shared among the 2 winners in this category . congratulations ! your fund is now deposited with our transfer agents maximum security trust finance internation , based in the netherlands , and insured in your name . in your best interest and also to avoid mix up of numbers and names of any kind , we request that you keep the entire details of your award strictly from public notice until the process of transferring your claims has been completed , and your funds remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants / no participants of this program . we also wish to bring to your notice our end of year premium stakes draw where you stand a chance of winning up to $ 28 million ; we hope that with a part of your prize you will participate in it . please contact your claims agent immediately for due processing and remittance of your prize money to a designated account of your choice : mr . fred cucu . foreign department manager maximum security trust finance international foreign service number : + 31 - 645 - 940 - 299 tel / fax : + 31 - 205 - 248 - 085 email : mstfint _ 77 @ yahoo . co . uk you are advised to contact our agents by email and / or fax within a week of receiving this notice . failure to do so may warrant disqualification . note : for easy reference and identification , find below your reference and batch numbers . remember to quote these numbers in every one of your correspondence with your claims agent . reference number : tga - 4 ga - 65389 batch number : tga - 4 ga - 69889 congratulations once again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . sincerely , the lottery coordinator , tripple wins international games jan luykenstraat 59 , 1071 cs amsterdam , the netherlands n . b : any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail box . contact your claims agent immediately . xfrajgiwfexhnqags  
2	Subject: union carbide - seadrift hpl meter # 1332 for union carbide for this month only , at seadrift meter # 1332 only , all volumes will be under sitara # 380578 , instead of overflowing to swing ticket it ' s a gas daily priced deal any questions - i ' m at 3 . 5923 thanks 
2	Subject: re : eel directors and above here is the most current version jean and i put together last week . let me know if you need anything else . sunjay - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , september 21 , 2001 12 : 58 pm to : arya , sunjay cc : mrha , jean subject : re : eel directors and above where is the information like the others in order to allow us to make a judgement . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : arya , sunjay sent : friday , september 21 , 2001 11 : 09 am to : kitchen , louise cc : mrha , jean subject : eel directors and above hi louise . i received this spreadsheet from gemma butler in london which shows all director - level and above employees for eel . no filters are currently active , and all female employees are at the top . > unfortunately , myself and jean have limited knowledge of the people in the international offices . would you be able to identify possible candidates for us ? here is a breakdown of the current state of the presentation . . . females : 8 commercial , 1 eel 6 cs / st , no eel males : 10 commercial , 4 eel 6 cs / st , no eel ( primarily have st ) . i think we need a few additional commercial females , and a few male & female cs candidates to give us a balanced portfolio . although i think the london office will be closed by the time i get the names to them today , we should have their data by early next week . also , i have included a spreadsheet which includes the career data for the employees marcello romano identified , as well as a few others . there does not appear to be the type of candidates you are wanting , but i ' ll let you make the call . > thanks , sunjay 
2	Subject: photos spraying consequential europe arrayed advocates lethe appraisingly shockingly compare pheasant maskable sophocles amorphously destitute revenge counterpointing reflexively glossing sophia drunken breakthroughes knees minimum sniffed inflame nestling practitioner rivers phoned dumbbells substantively rest boners bagels sarah packers - - phone : 867 - 480 - 7123 mobile : 211 - 270 - 9192 email : arianamerritt 2000 @ antisocial . com  
2	Subject: tenaska iv 1 / 01 we need to change the demand fees for tenaska iv based on actuals for jan 2001 . tenaska owes us some additional money . i have attached my netting spreadsheet if you need it . deal 514353 change mmbtu from 45 , 000 to 46 , 113 deal 384258 change amount from $ 3 , 934 , 644 . 50 to $ 3 , 841 , 888 . 11 i got your message regarding apache . i will just leave the pay the lesser ofs there until they come back for it . also , mark checked with txu and we do not have the rights to get dailies for the tenaska meters . he said that only the interconnecting pipes get dailies . for the spreadsheet , i am just going to prorate the actuals based on the noms . i will let you know when we receive the payment from brazos for feb 2001 , so you can enter the demand fee to forward the cash to tenaska iv . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: happy holidays ! i wish you wonderful holidays and a happy happy new year with many blessings ! shirley 
2	Subject: re : wednesday lunch - credit group hi , everybody , get ready for our lunch meeting : this wednesday , april 19 , the " new credit model development and testing team " is going to go to vincent ' s restaurant . the address is 2701 w . dallas , the reservation is made for 11 : 30 a . m . see you there , tanya . 
2	Subject: payroll distribution to : employees in the enron building , three allen center , and jefferson building the sap project team , payroll , hr and mailroom have been working to resolve the problems some employees have experienced with the delivery of their paychecks . if your paycheck or direct deposit advice is not delivered to your mailstop on payday , please contact the mailroom at 853 - 6231 for resolution . to change the mailstop to which your paycheck is distributed , please contact your hr representative . 
2	Subject: lv cogen hel 0 - 11 gentlemen , please keep in mind that lv cogen has 50 mw available for hel 0 - 11 in the morning ( tuesday , 8 / 14 ) . they are long gas for the remainder of the month , so their cost to produce is about $ 32 . so , if you can sell them for at least $ 35 , please do so . thanks , stan 
2	Subject: can ' t beat these software prices ! top quality software : special offer # 1 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional  only $ 80 special offer # 2 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  only $ 120 special offer # 3 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  only $ 100 also : windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows 2000 advanced server windows 2000 datacenter windows nt 4 . 0 windows millenium windows 98 second edition windows 95 office xp professional office 2000 office 97 ms plus ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms money 2004 ms streets and trips 2004 ms works 7 ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop adobe pagemaker adobe illustrator adobe acrobat 6 professional adobe premiere macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 corel draw graphics suite 12 corel draw graphics suite 11 corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 norton system works 2003 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage enter here to stop getting these  
2	Subject: now save on meds you need soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices $ 1 . 62 per dose , $ 3 . 24 per 100 mg ! unbelivable !   
2	Subject: fw : cost estimate team - below is a project request spreadsheet developed by facility planning . we will use this form in an attempt to better communicate and track all the various cost estimates and project requests originating from tw marketing . this form should at a minimum help to : 1 ) better track requests , 2 ) allocate planning and engineering resources and 3 ) better communicate needs and wants so more accurate cost figures can be generated . this form is a preliminary step in a larger project that eric faucheaux is developing . for now , tw marketing is required to submit this form to fp on any new project requests effective immediately . if once a form is submitted and the project is later revised , then a revised form must be submitted . this is a great tool that will not only help us , but will help all the groups that support us and our marketing efforts . thanks for your cooperation . kh - - - - - original message - - - - - from : faucheaux , eric sent : thursday , march 15 , 2001 7 : 04 am to : hyatt , kevin subject : re : cost estimate kevin , this is okay for now . facility planning will be rolling out a form and procedures in the very near future that we will all use . attached is just a sample of the form and general functionality ( select enable macros when opening ) . i am currently revising it . 
2	Subject: solid mortgages at low rates attention home owners ! learn how to save big by re - financ - ing current rate is at all times low of 3 . 6 % act today : http : / / www . today - mrg - now . net / st . asp no other way to so quickly and easily lower your monthly bill payments while putting cash now in your pocket !  
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 59 : 18 + 0200 from ntibrko 70111 . ibrk . nt . ftth . ppp . infoweb . ne . jp [ 211 . 2 . 26 . 111 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - 554 5 . 0 . 0 username or alias unknown 550 5 . 1 . 1 . . . user unknown 
2	Subject: have you ever bought drugs online ? take energy pills for sexual health books are the way the dead talk to the living . religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich . there ' s never a new fashion but it ' s old . a fly can ' t bird , but a bird can fly . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; start date : 1 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010510 . txt 
2	Subject: jeanie whittaker qhc 775 bryce manning - http : / / bedraggle . tortricidpeel . net bqlo 23  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; start date : 12 / 28 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 20 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122820 . txt 
2	Subject: microsoft autoroute 2005 dvd uk - $ 19 . 95 discounted software store http : / / yielded . jetlow . com / its never just a game when you ' re winning . character is who you are when no one is looking . the loss which is unknown is no loss at all . 
2	Subject: how ' s it hangin , . order your p . rescription ' s here , , . labile did  . . . . . . ' stransplantation . rawmnv 
2	Subject: participation confirmation # 32 - 156220743 participation confirmation # 32 - 156220743 congrats , you ' ve been selected to participate in ' s free * ipod promotion . to claim your ipod , please go here http : / / tozosh . amazingowner . net / nipod / this is limited time promotion , please claim your ipod before it ' s too late ! best wishes , barbara smith reward representative productopinionpanel to unsubscribe , go : here this promotion is sponsored exclusively by and is subject to participation terms and conditions . receipt of the membership incentive gift requires completion of offer terms , including : age and residency requirements , registration with a valid email address , completion of user survey , sponsor promotions and shipping address verification . upon completion of all requirements , we will promptly ship your membership incentive gift to your verified shipping address . you may review the status of your account via the member account area at anytime . participation eligibility is restricted to us residents 18 and over . the trademark owners above have not endorsed this promotion , nor are they affiliated or connected with this promotion in any way . this is a limited time promotion and may expire in the near future . restrictions may apply . if you no longer wish to receive emails , visit the un - subscribe page on the productopinionpanel site , or you can write us at : , 4846 n . university drive # 323 , lauderhill , fl 33351 , usa . here chicago poet pt . 2 ah , this looking - glass man ! liar , fool , dreamer , play - actor , soldier , dusty drinker of dust - ah ! he will go with me down the dark stairway when nobody else is looking , when everybody else is gone . shaxind nihongeke csvdfh stuxistitu fn - db jegoning zegom motimabifond nduoxasho rustot phikushiso kashora  
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the mailer daemon at mxvip 9 . hichina . com . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : no such user . ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the mailheader . - - - received : from 81 . 18 . 217 . 40 ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( envelope - from projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) by mxvip 9 . hichina . com ( quarkmail - 1 . 2 . 1 ) with smtp id s 334406 abvgsk 7 d for @ h - hopex . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 18 : 59 : 03 + 0800 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 38190723 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : @ h - hopex . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal 
2	Subject: congratulations ! ! ! ! final notice the zonal co - ordinator , email lottery promotion prize award dept abcoude , nederlands . dear winner , we are delighted to inform you of the result of email lottery promotion held on the 24 th june , 2005 and that you were one of the six lucky winners and your e - mail address attached to 1 . reference - numbers : 47121 / dpa / 220 2 . batch - numbers : 725 l / 8616 / ldnl 3 . serial - numbers : 4723 - 1181 4 . lucky - numbers : 32 - 4 - 36 - 81 5 . winning security - code : dpa - c / 2575 / 428 which consequently won in the lst category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay of $ 500 , 000 ( five hundred thousand united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! congratulations ! ! ! ! congratulations ! ! ! ! ! please be informed that all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 30 , 000 company and 85 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . please to file in for your claims , contact our claim ' s agent : mr ernest walt . foreign remittance operation manager , dpa ( financial - people ) consultancy agency reply - email : dpafinancial @ netscape . net telephone : + 31 652 241 545 please do remember , all winning must be claimed not later than lst july , 2005 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , if you wish to file in for your claims , you are therefore requested to qoute the following claims requirements to the above reply email address : 1 . serial and lucky - numbers . 2 . your full names and address 3 . telephone and fax numbers . 4 . winning - security code numbers . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 18 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , mr donk henn operational manager www . luckyday . nl check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: announcement for wednesday night hey leaders , ? as you know there will be a combined high school / middle school devo this coming sunday evening . ? i just got word today that part of the time will be spent doing some service oriented things , one of which will involve the benevolence program . ? let your teens know tomorrow night at neon that they need to bring a small grocery sack of food with them on sunday evening . ? ? thanks . ? bobby ? 
2	Subject: ces imbalances daren , can you please verify for me whether we took over any old imbalances that ces had ? the reason i am asking if we got a letter from kinder morgan asking us to verify an imbalance . it looks like it would of been an imbalance between ces and kinder morgan . we don ' t show anything in our system and want to verify that we shouldn ' t . thanks and if i need to provide any further information , please let me know . karen 
2	Subject: files , directories , etc . on s : \ all - please inform esther gerratt when you are setting up new files and directories on the s : \ relating to mg integration . currently , we have three folders ( mg , mg eol , mg pres ) . thanks - eric 
2	Subject: shopping for [ mortgages ] made easy h ! ello dear home ownsher , wwbe havoqe beesn nko \ tified thyawt yo # ur moromtgagge rate is fixed at a vyery h - iigh intewrest rate . therefore you ar 8 ye curreqnt overpaying , which s . ums - kup to thous 4 andyqs of do ( llars aznnually . luckily for you we c \ an guiaraqbntee the lowest r margin - right : 8 " align  " center " > thezare ifs nrfo obligations , agnd i - t fare ` e loc 7 k on the 3 . 5 hjo % , even wi + th bad credu 7 it # ! cli ; ceeuk hercde now for details roemco % v ( e here  
2	Subject: software at incredibly low prices ( 87 % lower ) . messages communist stood step life finish . pass student string . surface then sea together have until . remember show cool . small loud result thousand wind bit . together enough only before lead . hill , measure fill him . wait long go line start . area high village question , grand object .  
2	Subject: well heads daran , we have a few volume changes for the lst of march , first eog has changed there volume for the gas at meter 6296 from 11 , 036 to 7100 . i ran into laurie allen in the hall and she said we were heavy there and that she would visit with you abut it . the second one is cokinos , they will not confirm the volume at meter 9656 . we have 922 and they want that they want 950 . i looked up there nom and that is what they asked for . not much of a change . last is the one that you faxed down to me this mornings . basin exploration wants to drop there nom due to well problems from 896 to 1 . for the whole month . let me know what you think and i ' ll get after it . tom cat ! ! ! 
2	Subject: hello mrs . ugo akinlade # 8 queens drive ikoyi , lagos . email : nna 2000 @ fastermail . com introduction : l am mrs . ugo akinlade l know this proposal will come to you as a surprise because we have not met before either physically or through correspondence . i have no doubt in your ability to handle this proposal involving huge sum of money . the subject : my husband chief desmond akinlade ( now late ) was the royal head of my community , jesse ( an oil rich town ) in nigeria . my late husband  s community produces 3 . 5 % of the total crude oil production in nigeria and 0 . 5 % of the dollar value of each barrel is paid to my husband as royalty by the federal government . my husband was also the chairman of ompadec , jesse branch . in his position as the royal head and chairman of the ompadec , jesse branch , he made some money which he left for me and our children as the only thing to inherit . the money is twelve million usdollars ( $ 12 m ) . though this said fund accumulated between the period 1976 - 1998 . due to poor banking system in nigeria and political instability as a result of past military rules ( 1985 - 1999 ) , he deposited this money in a strong room / safe with an open beneficiary in apex bank of nigeria pending when he would finish arrangement to transfer it abroad as a contract payment . he was planning this when he died late last year of heart attack . the proposal : just before my husband died he called my attention to the money and charged me to look for a foreigner who would assist me in the transfer / investment of the funds abroad . so l would be very grateful if you could accept to help me archieve this great objective . i promise to give you 20 % of the total funds transferred to your vital bank account as compensation for your assistance . five percent ( 5 % ) would be set aside to take care of all expenses we may incur during the transaction . to indicate your interest , contact me urgently and confidentially for more information and the roles you will play in this business . all the legal information concerning this money will be sent to you as soon as we agree together . send your reply through this mail box above , or see the note below yours faithfully , mrs . ugo akinlade n . b i will like you to provide me immediately with your full names , telephone and fax numbers to enable my eldest son nnamdi akinlade to contact you . he shall handle this transaction from a - z on behalf of the family . alternatively you can call him on his telephone numbers 234 - 1 - 7762501 , fax 234 - 1 - 7592574 . ask him for the code and he shall respond success before discussion . just to be sure that you are speaking to him .  
2	Subject: money vlaagrra , \ / allium , vlcodd 1 n , codelne , xanaa , somma , zol 0 ft , claal 1 s charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > next argue advantage ? discouunt priice meds ( brand new ) shiip to all countries viccoddin , viaagrra , codeiine , \ / aliium , lorazeepam , rivotri , meridiia , cialiis , xanaax , lipiitor , flexiril miles , sooma , zoloft , ambiien , celebrex , explain & many more high demanding meds whos ciiick here to enjoy discouunt goes may buy stopping . become come wine times grew go . raise towards morning mistress . independence grave easy , sandwich whom across might circumstances , need sugar free window . busy very fill between . dare carefully street seize ,  
2	Subject: want your medication ? we have it plenty isle beplaster someone ' ll controlling ingrown find your medications without delay ! a whole range of tablets ! take a look ! you name it ! we have them all ! stop receiving promotional material now west newspaperman pedal  
2	Subject: re : interview elizabeth , yes , manager . thanks . vince from : elizabeth grant 01 / 10 / 2000 03 : 27 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : interview we ' ll get right on it . are you looking at him for a specific level ( manager ? ) - elizabeth vince j kaminski 01 / 10 / 2000 12 : 56 pm to : elizabeth grant / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : interview elizabeth , we would like to invite bob lee for an interview , january 24 , monday . he will be interviewed by me , stinson gibner , zimin lu , paulo issler , vasant shanbhogue , krishnarao pinnamaneni , grant masson . thanks vince 
2	Subject: re : from larry roberts thanks for the referral on this matter . we want to be the best and honor our affirmative action and accessibility responsibility to all people , so we plan to satisfy at least the priority 1 points in the web content accessibility guidelines put out by the world wide web consortium . in addition , we will continue to monitor and improve as we develop new tools . thanks again have a good weekend ! 
2	Subject: re : congratulations thanks vince i was in midland yesterday so i just saw the announcement . congrats yourself ! ! vince j kaminski 01 / 11 / 2000 10 : 02 am to : bradford larson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : congratulations brad , congratulations . well deserved . vince 
2	Subject: fw : beaver creek travel wanted to make sure that you approve of the charter price listed below for the portland office . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : calger , christopher f . sent : wednesday , august 01 , 2001 10 : 29 am to : hitchcock , dorie subject : re : beaver creek travel dorie , tim belden and i are looking into chartering a plane to fly 8 people from portland . the cost is approx $ 20 k . commercial flights require two legs to vail or a flight to denver plus the drive . either would take 5 - 7 hours each way . lavorato said this was ok so long as we did not " break the bank " on the charter . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hitchcock , dorie sent : wednesday , august 01 , 2001 8 : 05 am to : belden , tim ; calger , christopher f . ; collonges , remi ; davies , derek ; devries , paul ; foster , chris h . ; gonzalez , orlando ; kishkill , joe ; kitagawa , kyle ; mcdonald , michael ; milnthorp , rob ; parquet , david ; swerzbin , mike ; thomas , jake ; whitt , mark ; wiggs , brett ; wolfe , greg ; zufferli , john ; forster , david subject : beaver creek travel the enron americas management offsite has been scheduled for august 16 - 19 , 2001 in beaver creek , colorado . charter aircraft will be available between houston and eagle / vail airport - flight itinerary is listed below : thursday , august 16 - 5 : 00 pm departure from enron aviation at george bush intercontinental airport ( arriving in eagle / vail at approximately 6 : 00 pm ) sunday , august 19 - 9 : 00 am departure from eagle / vail airport ( arriving at enron aviation at approximately 12 : 00 pm ) you have the option of flying into houston and taking this charter flight or you can work with your local travel agent to obtain personal travel into either denver international or eagle / vail . enron will provide ground transportation from both airports . flights into eagle / vail are very limited during the summer months . driving time from denver to beaver creek is approximately 2 1 / 2 hours and approximately 35 minutes from eagle / vail to beaver creek . once travel has been confirmed , please provide me with a copy of your itinerary so i can secure the proper ground transportation . please let me know if i can be of assistance or if you have any questions . thanks . dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject: undeliverable mail user mailbox exceeds allowed message count : art - and - frames @ mail . members . v 21 . co . uk original message follows . received : from smtp . lcn . biz [ 83 . 244 . 130 . 155 ] by mail . members . v 21 . co . uk with esmtp ( smtpd 32 - 8 . 00 ) id af 3 cf 6 a 80128 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 08 : 44 + 0100 received : from www . telivo . com ( [ 83 . 244 . 130 . 9 ] ) by smtp . lcn . biz with esmtp ( exim 4 . 43 ) id ldupoh - 0004 kn - tr for art - and - frames @ members . v 21 . co . uk ; tue , 19 jul 2005 11 : 58 : 49 + 0100 received : from [ 218 . 242 . 45 . 196 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by www . telivo . com with smtp ( exim 4 . 24 ) id ldupmn - 0004 in - 4 x for info @ art - and - frames . net ; tue , 19 jul 2005 11 : 57 : 17 + 0100 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24817113 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ art - and - frames . net user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: long time customer id : 615 order # 13 we would like to thank you for your recent purchase on our website and thought that you may also be interested in our new lub . ricant that has been added to our line of herb - al supp - lements . it is gua ran - teed to help spice up your night life in the bed ` room . if your not completely satis fied then just return it back to us with no questions asked . you can view our new line at http : / / nikko . getchatimenow . com / x / poppi thank you once again  
2	Subject: due diligence contacts louise , attached is a list of the contact people that were used during netco ' s phase i due diligence . i understand that you and john lavarato may want to funnel questions and data requests from bidders through a smaller group of people . can you please let me know if you would like to make any changes to this list ? suzanne vann and i will be responsible for taking bidders ' requests and getting the appropriate contact person to meet with them . thank you , mari 
2	Subject: i ' m a changed man dear sir / madam . we are p prisonhouse leased to introduce ourselves as one of the leading online pharmaceutical sociable shops . save over 75 ahorse percent on meds today with medz pretext mail shop overprize vla r palaeographer a arranger lal affiliation lu oxonian g cancel c paratroops is speedily val predisposition m sandmanyother . with each purchas indentation e you get : top quai christendom ity best pri victor ces total confi tightener dentiaiity home deii blench very have a nice day . 
2	Subject: urgent news would you ref inance if you knew you ' d save thousands ? we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 3 . 99 % . fill out our small online form and we ' ll show you how . get the house and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 2 minutes of your time : http : / / www . ez - rate . info / 1 / did anthony miss running ? 
2	Subject: i never sent you this - keep it hush hush ! : ) xgab online credit breakthroughrepair your credit online ! 9 3 komv 2 wsfoclxkmsyflo 4 owgr 2 cg 7 lpmqkubnnlwnhhi 3 cr 5 m 7 uexugthat ' s right - you can now access + clear up bad credit online - directly from the comfort + convienience of your computer ! watch your credit daily , with real time updates get the information you need quickly and efficently to remove negative credit items from your report ! click here for more informationthank you - the web credit ( tm ) team ! 9 3 komv 2 wsfoclxkmsyflo 4 owgr 2 cg 7 lpmqkubnnlwnhhi 3 cr 5 m 7 uexug 
2	Subject: xms - expense management system availability concur technologies  , expense management system ( xms ) is now available to all ets employees . you can prepare your expense report , send it for approval , and transmit it for payment using the intranet . it is more " user - friendly " than the previous excel - based form and efficiently integrates with the sap accounting system . we request and encourage you to start using it . system access on the enron intranet : to access the system , go to the enron transportation services home page and type " http : / / xms . enron . com " in the " location " field . this will access xms software . using the system , once accessed : logon id enter your personnel number ( p number ) . if you don ' t know your " p " number , your " hr rep . " has it ! password the first time you log in , the password is upper case enron . the system will guide you through confirming your personal information and changing your password . the enron code of ethics prohibits the sharing of passwords and logging on as another person . please observe enron  , s policy . if you can ' t log in to the system , go to the it central web page from the enron intranet home page and select " services " click " security requests " click " erequest " ( or call 713 - 853 - 5536 ) . other once " in " , the xms system will help you get set up , including designating those who will be approving your expense report , and , if applicable , those who have been designated to prepare your expense report . additionally , there is a " tour " that you can take to get acquainted with system features . user guide ! ! hard copy step - by - step documentation is also available from " it central " web page on the enron intranet . after getting to " it central " on the enron intranet , click through the following and you should be there : " services " , " training " , " documentation " , " xms user ' s guide " ( which will come up through adobe acrobat ) . application support services call the isc help desk at 713 - 345 - 4 sap ( 4727 ) . accounting coding no changes in coding are being implemented as a result of the transition from the excel template to xms , in fact much of the coding will be " suggested " by the xms software . you will need a far # , cost center , or wbs elements as applicable . good luck ! ! 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] business central bank of nigeria foreign remittance dept . tinubu square , lagos nigeria email - smith _ j @ mailsurf . com 23 th of august 2002 attn : president / ceo strictly private business proposal i am mr . johnson s . abu , the bills and exchange director at the foreignremittance department of the central bank of nigeria . i am writingyou this letter to ask for your support and cooperation to carrying thisbusiness opportunity in my department . we discovered abandoned the sumof us $ 37 , 400 , 000 . 00 ( thirty seven million four hundred thousand unitedstates dollars ) in an account that belong to one of our foreign customers , an american late engr . john creek ( junior ) an oil merchant with the federal government of nigeria who died along with his entire family of a wifeand two children in kenya airbus ( a 310 - 300 ) flight kq 430 in november 2000 . since we heard of his death , we have been expecting his next of kin tocome over and put claims for his money as the heir , because we cannotrelease the fund from his account unless someone applies for claims asthe next of kin to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . unfortunately , neither their family member nor distant relative hasappeared to claim the said fund . upon this discovery , i and other officialsin my department have agreed to make business with you release the totalamount into your account as the heir of the fund since no one came forit or discovered either maintained account with our bank , other wisethe fund will be returned to the bank treasury as unclaimed fund . we have agreed that our ratio of sharing will be as stated thus : 30 % for you as foreign partner and 70 % for us the officials in my department . upon the successful completion of this transfer , my colleague and i willcome to your country and mind our share . it is from our 60 % we intendto import computer accessories into my country as way of recycling thefund . to commence this transaction we require you to immediately indicateyour interest by calling me or sending me a fax immediately on the abovetelefax # and enclose your private contact telephone # , fax # , full nameand address and your designated banking co - ordinates to enable us fileletter of claim to the appropriate department for necessary approvalsbefore the transfer can be made . note also , this transaction must be kept strictly confidential becauseof its nature . nb : please remember to give me your phone and fax no mr . johnson smith abu - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: king britt press release o talento um talento que supera todos os estilos , ultrapassa as barreiras dos gneros e escapa a qualquer categoria expressando - se atravs do deep house , hip - hop , broken beat , nu - jazz , funk e afto - tech . isto define , por alto , o dj / produtor oriundo da clebre cidade de filadlfia , king britt . pioneiro . . . este pioneiro de tudo o que soulful e ritmado comeou sua carreira dj no incio da dcada dos anos 90 marcando o seu lugar ao lado de nomes sonantes do mundo da msica , tais como os vencedores de prmios grammy , digable planets . ao longo dos anos que se seguiram , suas afiliaes a nomes do jazz e funk como a clebre rsula rucker vieram acrescentar ao seu imenso talento um estilo ainda mais apurado . com passagens e fuses pelos mais diversos estilos tais como hip hop , jazz , funk e soul , britt foi editando diversos lbuns que foram criando o seu impacto e estatuto na indstria . jazzmental o seu ltimo trabalho , jazzmental , que servir de incio a uma srie de compilaes , integra sonoridades experimentais que oscilam entre broken beats , jazz e funk . esta compilao , lanada pela slipnslide apresenta entre as suas faixas uma exclusiva da sua autoria em conjunto com a cantora rnb lizz fields . como remixer , king britt j teve a oportunidade de reinventar faixas de artistas de gabarito internacional como tori amos , macy grey , yoko ono , entre outros . seja em que estilo for , king britt , um homem da msica e para a msica , no nos deixar de surpreender e continuar a moldar o som e a cultura neste novo sculo . quase 2 anos depois em portugal king britt que j pisou o solo portugus , regressa este fim - de - semana para um tour de lanamento do seu mais recente album . uma grande expectativa para que sexta 15 de abril no vinyl em coimbra , depois no new voice em matosinhos , sbado 16 de abril e a ultima data desta digresso em braga , house caf no domingo 17 de abril . cheyenne o main sponsor a cheyenne , uma das mais importantes marcas de modo portuguesas o patrocinador principal deste tour com king britt , aproveitando para divulgar o lanamento da sua nova loja em coimbra , a partir de 19 de abril , no centro comercial dolce vita . para o evento do new voice em matosinhos a cheyenne oferece aos seus clientes convites gratuitos na compra dos seus produtos nas suas lojas do arrbida shopping , gaia shopping , parque nascente , maia shopping , ribeiro , vila nova de famalico , factory vila do conde e viana do castelo . o seu email foi registado na base de dados da heart soul . se desejar ser removido desta base de dados , envie um email para remove @ heartandsoul . pt  
2	Subject: additional candidates robert , i was glancing through the initial packet of candidates submitted as meritocratic examples commercial and non - commercial employees at enron , and there are a few individuals we might want to reconsider : jennifer fraser , ews / egm commercial associate to director , 37 months heather kroll , ews / ea commercial associate to director , 42 months jeanette reese , ees commercial associate to director , 49 months leslie foust , ees commercial sr . specialist to director , 50 months and for the men , kal shah , ews commercial support sr . specialist to director , 43 months vasant shanbhogue , ews specialized technical associate to v . p . , 45 months pinnamaneni krishnarao , ews specialized tech . analyst to v . p . , 85 months ganapathy ramesh , ews specialized tech . sr . specialist to director , 44 months anthony dayao , ees specialized tech . manager to v . p . , 57 months edwin essandoh , ees specialized tech . attorney to counsel sr . , 22 months in addition , we need more representatives from the london and other satellite offices . regards , mrha 
2	Subject: re : var for credit trading ted thanks for the note - coming from jpmorgan i understand the importance of var as a key control measure and i appreciate that we may all need to do further work to ' institutionalise ' a var culture in enron . however , in this instance , i believe the initial comment has been taken out of context . i believe there is a general communication issue here . since inception the business has been monitoring risk via the use of a cumulative sensitivity measure for the portfolio - expressed and reported as dvolon the daily dpr . however , no - one in rac / commercial / commercial support appears to have formally equated that sensitivity to the business var limit during the longer than expected delay to the completion of a signed off var model . ( informally this is being done ) i would have expected the business to utilise a crude ( and possibly necessarily overstated ) scaling factor based on the volatility of credit spread movements in the market and for rac to have signed off this scaling factor . bryan seyfield and david wall will propose this immediately . finally , i believe both commercial and commercial support for credit trading are reprioritising the work being completed for the model for var reporting - we should communicate the new delivery date as soon as possible . i look forward to discussing this and other rac / commercial support interface issues with you next week regards mike from : ted murphy 26 / 06 / 2000 14 : 50 to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , bryan seyfried cc : rick buy , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : var for credit trading please see the attached comment at the bottom of this string of e - mails . the privilege of using enron ' s balance sheet comes with the responsibility to adequately report the risk in the form that has been agreed to . it is appalling to me that we are currently incapable of calculating var in a product that has been approved for trading for several months . it is equally appalling that the support staff continues to be so unaware of the importance of this that the comments below could even be considered reasonable . obviously , the individual who made the comment is hardly responsible . it lies with both commercial and commercial support management . i know that airing this out in such a broad way appears to be harsh . this is not the point . this is not an isolated problem . it is not just pertaining to europe . please do not feel singled out . but the scrutiny and pressure on var as a measure of risk continues to grow at fast pace . we can hardly make any progress if this is the pervasive attitude . let ' s knock this stuff out one at a time . ted oliver gaylard 06 / 26 / 2000 08 : 34 am to : david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron cc : chris abel / hou / ect @ ect , michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , david a wall / risk mgmt / lon / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : var for credit trading the var engine for credit trading is being built by research in london and it is intended that var be run daily as soon as they have produced / signed off on this . oliver from : david port @ enron 26 / 06 / 2000 14 : 24 to : chris abel / hou / ect @ ect cc : michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , david a wall / risk mgmt / lon / ect @ ect , oliver gaylard / lon / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : var for credit trading my view : prove its insignificant by calculating it every day , that ' s why the board approved the limit . dp chris abel @ ect 06 / 23 / 2000 07 : 41 am to : david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron cc : michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect subject : var for credit trading fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chris abel / hou / ect on 06 / 23 / 2000 07 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary thambiah 06 / 23 / 2000 03 : 29 am to : chris abel / hou / ect @ ect cc : david a wall / risk mgmt / lon / ect @ ect subject : var for credit trading hi chris i talked with david yesterday and we don ' t think the risk is significant enough to start calculating a var number . however if you have any queries feel free to give him a call . rgds mary 
2	Subject: meters after talking to both vance taylor and julie meyers , only 5 of the 13 deals are committed reserve deals . if they are not committed reserve they ' re not in the im wellhead portfolio . the plan if everyone agrees , is to go ahead and move the 5 and re - path to them to the gathering and leave the other 13 on the 215 contract . here is a list of the ones to move and leave . move to im wellhead re - path gathering 984056 # 94120 cologne production company 986480 # 114514 cokinos natural gas company 986534 already repathed 986614 # 130917 prize energy resorces lp 986855 # 94120 cologne production company stay on hplc and 215 contract 986347 # 234218 duke energy trading 986751 # 229726 conerstone gas gathering co . inc . 986888 # 126166 amoco trading comp . # 95610 amoco trading comp . 986899 # 104382 highland energy company 989602 # 229316 wagner & brown ltd 989603 # 229467 vintage gas inc . 989676 # 151669 cokinos natural gas company 989711 # 229316 wagner & brown ltd . 
2	Subject: ecc / ena & content 1 ) do you know if netco is going to have similar arrangements in canada to what we had before bankruptcy ? ( e . g . trader in houston trades eastern canada on behalf of ena , but trader in calgary trades western canada on behalf of ecc ) 2 ) looks like we might have to prepay 1 month to preserve reuters content . i ' m assuming this is no big deal , as we will still be month - to - month and can cancel . dave 
2	Subject: helping rescues raise funds hello , my name is steven gray and i want to share with you a program that helps animal rescues , shelters , schools , churches , and other non profits raise much needed funds . the best part is that there is no out of pocket expense ! it ' s as simple as collectingcell phones that are no longer in use . the charity werks program is simple to implement ; we will do all we can to make it easy and profitable . charity pays the charity for each cell phone that itcollects ( depending on model and condition of the phone ) , and the personor organization that donates the cell phone / phones can receives a tax deduction . depending upon which study you look at , there is an estimated 250 million cell phonesin people ' s homes in the united states alone and over 55 million cellphones discarded every year and growing . the number of discarded cellphones is predicted to swell to 500 million phones by the end of 2005 . people seem to feel that their old cell phones have value and they arereluctant to discard them into the trash . with a charitable motive , people are willing to take that old cell phones and donate them for acause they believe in whereas they would be reluctant to take the timeto find and deliver the cell phone for a small cash payment . i would love to talk to you more about this program to see if i can help you raise the funds your organization needs . please feel free to e - mail me at contact @ charitywerks . com or go to our website at http : / / www . charitywerks . com . if you have received this email in error , or have asked to be removed before , please forgive us for the inconvenience . we now have automated removal . to be removed from our list send an e - mail to remove @ charitywerks . com thank you so much for your time and god bless you ! website : www . charitywerks . come - mail : contact @ charitywerks . com 
2	Subject: another stuuff hello , welcome to pharmonli urbanize ne sh selfcentering op - one of the leading oniine ph domicile armaceutical shops offprint v drinking g a timidity l cermet ll l empower a r mugful ac demoded l i intrepid sv asperity a u unallowable m andmanyother . - save o wildcat ver 50 % - worldwide shlppl backwash ng - total confiden normal tiaiity - over 5 miiiion custo furcate mers in 130 countries have a nice outlive day ! 
2	Subject: wearing ro , lex is stylish . wearing our ro , lex is smart and stylish . don ' t bburn yourself just to gget one brand name watch . pop into our cyberspace for top brands like ro , lex , cart . iers , bvlgary , frank mullers , harryvinstons , breguets , jaegerlecoultre , brietilings , tag heuers and tu . dors . do you luv outdoor activities ? see our stainless steel range that are waterproof . http : / / 3 w . sthh . enjoybestones . com / i 5 h / - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ross @ ckq . com [ mailto : harrison @ olce . com ] sent : thursday , march 5 , 2005 2 : 37 pm to : lupe ; dion @ ker . com ; jeramy ; barrett ; norbert subject : prefer ro , lex or omegas or cart . iers ? explore our cyberwatch galore . these brilliant watches will draw all the attention . and their lowprices will attract all . may soon put him quite out of her head , and i have very little doubt the great poet goethe concludes his faust with the words , " may be continued ; " so might our wanderings in the churchyard be continued . the visit passed off altogether in high good humour . mary was 
2	Subject: highest quality medication over here . conversation is three women stand on the corner talking . gossip is when one of them leaves . hej . you just found the greatest and simpliest site for pills on the net . no perscription , easy delivery . private , secure , and easy . one of the best lessons children learn through video games is standing still will get them killed quicker than anything else . we ` ve got anything that you will ever need . erection treatment pills , anti - depressant pills , weight loss , and more ! http : / / engraver . tjabiabo . com / 3 / faith is the highest passion in a human being . many in every generation may not come that far , but none comes further . only high - quality stuff for low rates ! 100 % moneyback guarantee ! the humble are in danger when those in power disagree . 
2	Subject: do you need a second mortgage ? 22956 let mortgage lenders compete for your business did you receive an email advertisement in error ? our goal is to only target individuals who would like to take advantage of our offers . if you ' d like to be removed from our mailing list , please click on the link below . you will be removed immediately and automatically from all of our future mailings . we protect all email addresses from other third parties . thank you . please remove me .  
2	Subject: re : project brainstorming for paulo april , i ' ll be in colorado until march 10 . we can schedule next week or you can talk to him directly . currently , ebs research is helping kevin howard and scott yeager ( indirectly via kevin ) in their effort to assess the value of an eyeball . paulo ' s research will complement this effort . the research that paulo will perform for you will be part of a bigger picture work that kevin howard has aked stinson and i to support . you can call me on my cell 713 - 516 - 5440 while i am in co . regards , ravi . april hodgson 03 / 02 / 00 07 : 13 pm to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect @ enron cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect @ enron subject : re : project brainstorming for paulo i will be in my office friday and next tuesday . other than that i will be traveling so please call me on one of those days and we can discuss this further . i was in houston this week and will be back in houston 3 / 14 - 3 / 16 . let me know what works for you . regards stinson gibner @ ect 03 / 02 / 00 10 : 03 am to : april hodgson / enron communications @ enron communications cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : project brainstorming for paulo april : paulo is the mit ph . d . student who talked with you by phone a couple of weeks ago . he is interested in trying to better define what type of project he might do over the summer with ebs . recall that he is interested in the psychological / customer behavior issues related to web commerce as compared to traditional commerce . perhaps the easiest way to proceed would be for you , me , ravi , and vince to get together to discuss possibilities . we could then include paulo by phone to get his initial reactions / suggestions . after an initial assessment , we could then plan on another visit for paulo . please let me know what your schedule would allow . thanks , - - stinson - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 03 / 02 / 2000 08 : 55 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - paulo rocha e oliveira on 02 / 28 / 2000 12 : 19 : 18 pm to : cc : subject : re : next meeting stinson - thanks for your reply . i just got a call from someone at enron today about summer employment , so i think a meeting with april and your group would be very appropriate at this time . i am available to meet with april any day this coming month , except march 9 , march 10 , and march 17 - 30 . please let me know what works for you . thanks again , paulo 
2	Subject: copano changes for the 19 th - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 02 / 18 / 2000 11 : 39 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 02 / 18 / 2000 10 : 18 : 15 am to : " ami chokshi " cc : subject : copano changes for the 19 th ( see attached file : hpl - feb . xls ) - hpl - feb . xls - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 02 / 18 / 2000 11 : 39 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 02 / 18 / 2000 10 : 20 : 23 am to : " ami chokshi " cc : subject : duke @ lone star ( see attached file : egmnom - feb . xls ) - egmnom - feb . xls - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 02 / 18 / 2000 11 : 39 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 02 / 18 / 2000 10 : 36 : 27 am to : " ami chokshi " cc : subject : clear lake change ( see attached file : egmnom - feb . xls ) - egmnom - feb . xls 
2	Subject: wanna see me get fisted ? fist bang will show you everything you always wanted to see and could only dream about ! disclaimer : we are strongly against sending unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special mailings . you have opted in to one or more of our affiliate sites requesting to be notified of any special offers we may run from time to time . we also have attained the services of an independent 3 rd party to overlook list management and removal services . this is not unsolicited email . if you do not wish to receive further mailings , please click here to be removed from the list . please accept our apologies if you have been sent this email in error . we honor all removal requests .  
2	Subject: gtv weekly status update below please find the gtv project status update for this week . project timeline update is also included in the attached file . gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , dave nommensen , russ severson , francis lim , jeremy wong , bill fortney , chuck ames , geoff storey , karima husain , jay krish . accomplishments : ? incorporating physical deal positions in tds : o changes for the view aggregation have been completed ( please see the attached project timeline ) . o provided group of groups and filters for cash position tab . ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o single point of deal entry for term deals is in user test . ? gas daily deals : o changes to portcalc application to create gdi calc in erms have been in user testing and some further revisions are requested . ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o released to production . ? option grid ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) : o changes to portcalc application have been completed and in user test . o the option delta change forward month report has been completed and in user test . plans for the week ending 5 / 18 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase i items . o changes to introduce expandable total in cash position tab . o changes to portcalc for valuing physical future month positions . o some modification to gdi calc . ? continue it development of phase ii issues . issues / open items : none thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: spinnaker - supply verification 11958 su - october 2000 production fyi . bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 12 / 07 / 2000 09 : 49 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - christy sweeney 12 / 07 / 2000 09 : 38 am to : gary bryan / hou / ect @ ect cc : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , nick moshou / corp / enron @ enron , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : spinnaker - supply verification 11958 su - october 2000 production gary , when spinnaker got paid , the volumes inadvertently got averaged over the month . since spinnaker was paid gas daily pricing for the month , there is going to be a dollar discrepancy when the volumes are re - sent over on the actual day of flow . in my calculations ( using gas daily less $ . 21 as the price ) we are going to owe spinnaker an additional $ 220 , 398 . 57 . one issue that needs to be addressed is this : should the additional money go directly to spinnaker since they are allocating out october 2000 production payments to ranger and houston exploration ? attached is a spreadsheet showing where i came up with the extra money owed : thank you all ! ! christy 39050 ps this does not address the issue between the onshore and offshore meter , this is just addressing the redistribution of volumes for the month of october . 
2	Subject: check the best - selling brands at our lnk - shoppe this - site _ is proud to present to you leading brand name lnks and great value during this spring terrific - coupons . , select leading goods from apple , brother , canon , compaq , hp , lexmark , nec and others . greetings ! browse the store for best - selling lnnks ! it is your turn to catch these great value and benefits . so fresh , quick handling and reliable distribution - - - - - original message - - - - - from : marion @ dnl . com [ mailto : delbert @ jpiw . com ] sent : thursday , march 4 , 2005 1 : 87 pm to : jarod ; byron @ rss . com ; ; forest ; edwin subject : your inquiry and request will be responded by professional support quickly reliable assistance and timely client support , your choice ned it : a dead body had been found on the coast , and the peasa nts buriedit in the churchyard . from that time the sand began to fly about andthe hegreatest of them hacked him with its beak over the eye so that theblood ran down , and it was at first thought the eye sisters asked her what she h ad seen durin streams 2 that red of all . " then the paper wa 0 thechildren for sea broke in with violence . a wise  
2	Subject: samurai stock info little , before we continue - very important - it is expected that ( u a c p ) will have very large pr campaign in the next 10 days and some very positive news are expected . watch out for it . jump on board while this stock is below $ 1 - huge promo over the weekend expected expect it to soar on monday and tuesday next week , jump in today : voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live symbol : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 24 10 days target price : $ 1 . 25 3 months target price : $ 1 . 66   u a c p   currently trading at $ 0 . 24 and is headed to $ 1 . 25 the company released ground breaking news about its voip division ! ! although some would argue that voip is still maturing , corporate users are extremely interested in implementing the technology , creating exponential growth . within the last four years , voip minutes increased from less than 0 . 5 to 2 percent of outbound international calls , according to research from telegeography . additionally , predictions as to the size of the market itself vary , with allied business intelligence projecting the voip market to grow from $ 3 . 7 billion in 2000 to $ 12 . 3 billion in 2006 and synergy research projecting the voip equipment market to grow to $ 13 . 3 billion by 2005 . uauthorize corporation is an e - business holding company that builds or acquires multiple websites , software titles , and e - commerce solutions that leverage the internet to maximize the success of e - business operations . uauthorize is also a results - oriented marketer of technology products and services . through its comprehensive portfolio of products and services , uauthorize attracts a highly qualified audience of technology product and service buyers . the company ' s successful business model is based on multiple growth drivers , including growth in technology products and service , cross - selling additional products and new affiliate signings . profile : uauthorize corp symbol : ( u a c p ) current price : $ 0 . 24 rating : undervalued we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 1 . 25 we believe the speculative long term target price - $ 1 . 50 voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live we believe this is our best pick since march 2004 ! ! this is real company with real products and its stock is headed up information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . ple @ se re @ d the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of u a c p shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to b u y or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , b u y and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 12500 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our list , please go here ( - aolmember 23423 . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: sexually - explicit : someones going to lose an eye ! sexually - explicit : this e - mail contains images that are not suitable for children . you must be at least 18 to scroll down or view links ! i want to skip this ! we sent this e - mail to paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr you can update your e - mail address preferences at any time . sex 4 nothing . com 2207 concord pike wilmington , de 19803 - 2908 gainesville , fla . - - - wisdom comes with age if people learn to feel and reflect , but there is little incentive to do so in a hectic american culture that reveres spock - like logic , a new university of florida study finds . signatures books , a new publishing company in the pacific northwest , releases witness to a revolution by suzanne alexander . this book is a collection of eyewitness accounts of the war , with additional anecdotes and poetry . [ prweb mar 14 , 2004 ] click here to see more farm sex ! this message was sent as part of a membership of socthankachshaph . com if this was reached in error please click here to be removed this message was sent from socthankachshaph . com located at 2207 concord pike wilmington , de 19803 - 2908 take a walk for bostons floating hospital for children on sunday , june 13 . the six - mile walk will take place along boston harbor ' s historic and scenic coastline . anyone interested in supporting the floating hospital for children is encouraged to participate by . . . women / family unit status : full and part time , on call shift : nights / eve ; varied description - previous ob or peds experience preferred . pay range : $ 17 . 02 - 22 . 98  
2	Subject: re : another stanford acceptance thanks so much vince ! vince j kaminski @ ect 04 / 23 / 2001 11 : 09 am to : althea gordon / na / enron @ enron cc : greg . whalley @ enron . com , traci . warner @ enron . com , patricia . payton @ enron . com subject : re : another stanford acceptance althea great news . it ' s all your hard work . vince althea gordon @ enron 04 / 20 / 2001 01 : 43 pm to : vince . kaminski @ enron . com , brad . romine @ enron . com , brad . alford @ enron . com , martin . lin @ enron . com , stephen . swain @ enron . com , matt _ harris @ enron . net , elliot . mainzer @ enron . com , mauricio . mora @ enron . com , victor . browner @ enron . com cc : greg . whalley @ enron . com , traci . warner @ enron . com , patricia . payton @ enron . com subject : another stanford acceptance stanford team , we have received yet another acceptance - noah jacobs has accepted our offer as a summer associate . we are now 4 of 6 for our summer offers . i have sent paul kasper , our one full time offer a cultivation gift and will be checking in on him next week . also eric cope , a stanford student that vince kaminski ' s group had interviewed here in houston for a summer associate position has also accepted . all in all our stanford numbers are looking great ! many thanks to everyone and keep up the great work ! althea 
2	Subject: enn - new issue i guess we aren ' t really part of this group . see web page . thanks bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bob m hall / na / enron on 03 / 30 / 2001 09 : 37 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : enron net works news 03 / 29 / 2001 08 : 09 pm sent by : enron announcements to : enw - employees cc : subject : enn - new issue have you seen the latest edition of enron net works news ? read about the e - commerce control center and join us in welcoming our global technology track class two employees . all this and more at http : / / enn . enron . com note : in the event that you are unable to execute the above link , please copy the link to the address line of your installed browser . 
2	Subject:  h e l l od e a rh o m eo w n e r , w eh a v eb e e nn o t i f i e dt h a ty o u rm o r t g a g e r a t ei sf i x e da tav e r yh i g hi n t e r e s tr a t e . t h e r e f o r ey o ua r ec u r r e n to v e r p a y i n g , w h i c hs u m s - u pt ot h o u s a n d so f d o l l a r sa n n u a l l y . l u c k i l yf o ry o uw ec a n g u a r a n t e e t h el o w e s tr a t e si nt h eu . s . ( 3 . 5 2 % ) . s oh u r r yb e c a u s et h er a t ef o r e c a s ti s n o tl o o k i n gg o o d ! t h e r ei sn oo b l i g a t i o n s , a n di tf r e e l o c ko nt h e 3 . 5 2 % , e v e nw i t hb a dc r e d i t ! c l i c kh e r en o wf o rd e t a i l s r e - m o v eh e r e  
2	Subject: account suspension warning . please verify ownership dear ebay user , due to recent illegal activity reported on ebay , including possible unauthorized listings , we have to verify the integrity and ownership of each account . if you do not comply with our request , we see ourselves forced to have your ebay account permanently suspended and removed from our database . so please take 1 - 2 minutes out of your online experience and verify your identity by logging to your account and providing us with the requested data . remember , failure to update your records will result into account termination ! in order for you not to run into any future problems with the online services provided by ebay inc . , please verify your identity here : if you received this notice and you are not the authorized account holder , please be aware that it is in violation of ebay policy to represent oneself as another ebay user . such action may also be in violation of local , national , and / or international law . ebay is committed to assist law enforcement with any inquiries related to attempts to misappropriate personal information with the intent to commit fraud or theft . information will be provided at the request of law enforcement agencies to ensure that perpetrators are prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law . disclaimer : all personal and sensitive data wiil be first encrypted and then sent directly to our secure server and used only for id verification purposes . ebay reservers the right to call the phone number you provide ebay will not charge your credit card and will not use it under any circumstances without your authorization . ebay sent this e - mail to you because your notification preferences indicate that you want to receive information your ebay credit card statement . to change your communication preferences , click here . or , simply reply to this e - mail with unsubscribe in the subject line . please note that it may take up to 14 days to process your request . visit our privacy policy and user agreement if you have any questions . copyright 2005 ebay inc . all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . ebay and the ebay logo are trademarks of ebay inc .  
2	Subject: contact info i will be out next week . if there are any problems with or questions concerning the grains report , please let me know . i can be reached on my cell phone at 713 - 303 - 5973 and will periodically check voice mail . have a good holiday ! nelson 
2	Subject: delivery status notification ( failure ) this is an automatically generated delivery status notification . delivery to the following recipients failed . petri . ahava @ cad - q . fi 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 24 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; start date : 1 / 24 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012408 . txt 
2	Subject: california refund proceeding stayed indefinitely ferc issued an order this morning staying indefinitely the california refund proceeding . in its order ( attached ) , ferc notes that many requests for rehearing are pending and ferc intends to act on those requests soon . ferc states that if it were to grant rehearing , it could affect the refund calculations being determined in the hearing proceeding , so ferc is staying the hearing proceeding until further order from the commission . while we don ' t know what ferc will say on hearing , it is very likely that the rehearing order will be a significant departure from the july 25 order . we will let you know of any further developments . if you have any questions , please let me know ( 202 ) 466 - 9160 . sarah 
2	Subject: your online sales are low because you don _ t have enough visitors ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiil be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitipie search engines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , carolagambie _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: hotmail hot pick gtvcf . ob dlkbrp dokarwksgjbyunowin investor update 04 / 06 / 2004 , don ' t miss this one act fast ! this report brings to our readers ' attention a little - known u . s . company with a potentially explosive future in the gold sector . the timing to enter is perfect for this great company at a great price , our recommendations are very high for this company , it has a tremendous potential . this is a real company with real revenue , don ' t miss it ! 78 f 56 _ 2 ax 553 wcll 6 e 25369 wa 2 company : gtvcf . obxuxmhc day ' s range : 1 . 46 - 1 . 55 52 wk range : 0 . 05 - 2 . 50 last trade : 1 . 50 change : 0 . 07 ( 4 . 90 % ) prev close : 1 . 47 open : 1 . 55 the company has recently announced the acquisition of a gold property of approximately 130 , 000 acres in the amapa state , brazil . this is one of the most prolific greenstone belts in brazil and has attracted the attention of many multi - national mining companies . this acquisition could give globetech a prominent name in the exploration of this very hot area of exploration . globetech , unlike most mining companies , has a small number of shares outstanding and could see a substantial increase in the price of the stock as the investing public becomes aware of the company . there are presently only 9 . 5 million shares outstanding and only 3 - 4 million shares in the public float . there are two small cap stock services now following the company with buy recommendations and targets of $ 3 - 5 in the short term . on march 31 , 2004 wheaton river minerals ( wht : amex ) announced a merger with iamgold ( iag : amex ) in a multi - billion combination . this merger is very important to globetech ventures as it highlights the value of its newly acquired gold property in amapa state , brazil . the property is adjacent to wheaton river ' s most promising gold property and is three times the size of wheaton river ' s newewst gold play . with a market cap of just over $ 12 million , the is room for a large percentage move in the price of the shares in globetech ventures . the stock is undervalued and should move higher aided by higher gold prices . most gold analysts are calling for much higher gold prices . click here for full details on go to : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . this is not investment advice . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , rb discloses the receipt of $ 10 , 000 and no shares of gtvcf from a third party for the publication of this report . to unsubscribe xjlbxv @ access . ttn . com . tw quwdof , . phemwu , . , giggff  
2	Subject: " bidstogo " is places to go , things to do hello , privacy policy : to permanently opt out of our mailings simply send a blank email to optout @ bidstogo . biz . bidstogo invites you visit and explore http : / / www . bidstogo . biz / , the site dedicated to places to go and things to do . you can use bidstogo to advertise , sell or auction places to go and things to do - and right now it is free to make a basic listing . bidstogo is great for lodging hotels , bed breakfasts , resorts , timeshares , vacation rentals , etc . travel cruises , yacht charters , rail tours , auto rental , etc . vacation packs skiing , outfitters , hunting , fishing , golf , abroad , resorts , etc . game tickets football , baseball , basketball , hockey , etc . events and festivals festivals , events , tournaments , races , bowl games , parades , etc . theme parks disney world , busch gardens , kings dominion , sea world , etc . concerts musical concerts theater plays , operas , musicals , etc . training professional or personal training visit http : / / www . bidstogo . biz / . privacy policy : to permanently opt out of our mailings simply send a blank email to optout @ bidstogo . biz . contact customerservice for more information .  
2	Subject: > no pres - cript . no doctor lhundred % mbg c p b - e - l - o - w t - e - x - t in brower 2 v - i - s - i - t us dfr 443 . com / an or . . sdercd . com / an 2 rmv , use link www . dsbr 5 rf . com / a . html  
2	Subject: meds ? we have it all right here effort make heads turn by wearing one of this season ' s most coveted wholesale repliica bags , watches or whatever luxury ! start shopping today and find out why so many other women are choosing to carry our products year round . http : / / aaqa . starsleekgreat . com / li / addidas , bally , bvlgari , burberry , cartier , chanel , christian dior , dunhill , dupont , escada , fendi , ferragamo , gucci , hermes , iwc , jacob & co . , louis vuitton , mont blanc , movado , nike , omega , oris , prada , puma , rado , roger dubuis , rolex , sector , tag heuer , technomarine , tiffany , timberland , tudor it ' s gotta blast , get outta control * nothing can stop us now if you say , that it ' s okaywe gotta start right now frol eurolijsten drawot gdo 2 ellisman esahc " give me ten wheels for jesus ! " - elvis hitler 
2	Subject: business news : a marketing product to make all others obsolete 21107543 promote your product or service to millions today ! e - mail marketing - complete collection of e - mail software & unlimited addresses , only $ 199 . - bulk e - mail will make you money so fast , your head will spin ! fax marketing system - 4 million fax numbers & fax broadcasting software , only $ 249 . - people are 4 x more likely to read faxes than mail ! 1 million american business leads on cd - contains company name , address , phone , fax , sic , # of employees & revenue - unlimited downloads ! visit our web site : http : / / 81 . 9 . 8 . 7 / index . htm or call us at 618 - 288 - 6661 to be taken off of our list respond here mailto : lll 12345 al @ btamail . net . cn 
2	Subject: chart info here it is . 
2	Subject: your x - box game - console is pending shipping authorization : confirmation needed -  
2	Subject: monterrey louise i have been contacted by charles taylor from hr to whom i have forwarded a copy of my resume . if the opportunity arises i would still like to meet with you . please let me know if that is possible . thanks mariano - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mariano gomez / hou / ees on 08 / 21 / 2001 04 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron energy services from : mariano gomez 08 / 17 / 2001 07 : 58 am to : louise kitchen / enron @ enronxgate cc : subject : monterrey i was at the all employee meeting yesterday where you mentioned you had open positions in monterrey , mexico . i applied for the plant manager position on april 26 . since then , i have traded countless messages with daniel batista from human resources . his latest position ( june 27 ) was that a hiring decision could not be made as the plant was likely to be sold . based on your comments , i assume the plant was never sold . i am very interested in the position and would like to schedule a confidential meeting to discuss the position in further detail . i believe to be the right person for the job . i am including my resume for your review . if that position is not available i would like to explore others . i will enumerate some of the skills and experience that make me the person you need to hire for this job posting : native spanish speaker ( born in mexico city ) chemical engineer / mba international operating experience under " difficult conditions " proven builder of relationships in latin american business and political arenas ample process experience environmental and health and safety experience in industrial settings proven multidisciplinary and multicultural team builder and leader lives by enron ' s principles and code of ethics prepared to relocate internationally i spent the last two years in argentina working for azurix reporting directly to the coo . my official title was planning manager , however , as necessities surfaced , i took over a number of other roles including day to day operations , engineering , and public relations . please expect a call from me on monday to set up an appointment . thanks mariano gomez 
2	Subject: cialis soft tabs - super viagra hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / v - lineinc . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / v - lineinc . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: watch your favorite shows on a flat screen !  
2	Subject: epe marketing availability marketing personnel will again be taking call on weekends and holidays . the 5808 extension will be forwarded to epe ' s prescheduling personnel and unit commitment plans will be developed over the weekend . please call me at 915 - 543 - 4335 or pete serrano at 915 - 543 - 2045 if questions arise . please share this with other personnel as appropriate . 
2	Subject: confirm : $ 30714 dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 300 , 000 loan at a low fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , we ask you to visit our website and completethe post approval form . http : / / www . easy - instant - savings . com / i / lzevaw 5 kzxgvamvlenkvnmo 3 dhjommto emily owenkk logan financial group - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 4 : gret abernath miniature adan geographerhttp : / / www . easy - instant - savings . com / rem . php . . . not interested 
2	Subject: nomination 5 / 1 / 2000 our nomination for 5 / 1 / 2000 from hpl into eastrans is 45 , 000 mmbtu / d . we will nominate 37 , 200 into pg & e and 7 , 800 mmbtu / d from fuels cotton valley . 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of logos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerfui marketing toois will bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: planning weekly report attached is the ets planning weekly report for the week ending august 17 , 2001 . - morgan gottsponer 
2	Subject: re : info cod : se voc recebeu essa mensagem , significa que voc ou outra pessoa colocou seu nome em nosso banco de dados , se no tiver interesse em receber no futuro , clicar aqui .  
2	Subject: re : genco / roc perhaps i should rephrase . do you wish for any work to continue on the roc at this time , or shall we put it on the back burner for a couple of weeks ? if the roc is to be operational in early 2002 , any further efforts towards the project will begin to incur external costs . lloyd and fred are working on a management briefing for you . tammy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , november 08 , 2001 5 : 44 pm to : shepperd , tammy r . subject : re : genco / roc absolutely not . we never did this on any of the other stuff . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shepperd , tammy r . sent : thursday , november 08 , 2001 5 : 01 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : genco / roc louise , do you want lloyd and fred to obtain construction drawings ( cd ' s ) so that a project estimate can be generated on the roc ? the cd ' s will run between $ 25 - 45 , 000 . thanks , tammy 
2	Subject: persian kilims and rugs dear professional decorator / designer : we go to remote areas of iran ( persia ) to bring you old and antique nomadic kilims and rugs . we invite you to see parts of our collection by visiting our website ( www . pazirik . com ) . should you be interested in purchasing any of the viewed items , we would make all the necessary arrangements so that your purchase is free of risk . best regards , pazirik . com if you wish to be removed from our mailing list , click here to send us a blank email . your email will be automatically removed fromthe list .  
2	Subject: average bitch getting huge cock parodn me : ) real teen ejnoying huge cock porcspet is otefn btteer than psseossion . the future cemos one day at a time . the bset way to make your audience laugh is to start laughing yourlsfe . do - da - da - go - hv - i 52 r guzzle y ukudigadaalo , m a oue - ou pi ta 
2	Subject: congratulation ! ! ! your email won the prize . globe net lottery international bv . from : international promotion / prize award dept . ref : ogs / 2311786008 / 011 cu batch : 14 / 91110 / ipd / nll 2 ba winning notification / final notice we are pleased to inform you , this year 2005 promotion result , of the globe net lottery international bv . programs held on the 20 th of june . 2005 . your e - mail address attached to ticket number 20511465886 - 6294 with serial number 3772 - 99 drew lucky numbers 7 - 14 - 17 - 23 - 31 - 4459 which consequently won in the 2 nd category , you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of 500 , 000 . 00 dollars . ( five hundred thousand dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 100 , 000 company and 50 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every three year . we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our 2006 program of 50 million dollars international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our fiduciary remitance agent globe net lottery bv . contact phone number and email . gold smith finance , the netherlands . mr jones benson . tel : 0031 - 615 - 492 - 221 fax : 0031 - 847 - 301 - 645 . email : goldsmithfinance @ zwallet . com or remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 21 th of july . 2005 . after this date all unclaimes funds will be included in the next stake please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from our members of staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the age of 14 is automatically disqualified . sincerely yours , dr . maggi hinges ( winning co - ordinator ) check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: it ' s cheating , but it works ! can you guess how old she is ? the woman in this photograph looks like a happy teenager about to go to her high school prom , doesn ' t she ? she ' s an international , professional model whose photographs have appeared in hundreds of ads and articles whenever a client needs a photo of an attractive , teenage girl . but guess what ? this model is not a teenager ! no , she is old enough to have a 7 - year - old daughter . . and . . . the model ' s real age is in her 30 ' s . all she will say about her age to her close friends is , " i ' m dangerously close to 40 . " she also says , " if it weren ' t for this amazing new cosmetic cream called ' deception , ' i would lose hundreds of modeling assignments . . . because . . . there is no way i could pass myself off as a teenager . " learn more about this amazing new product . . . please refer all questions , opinions or additional feedback to : service dept 9420 reseda blvd # 133 northridge , ca 91324  
2	Subject: mail from mr . nelson miller greetings and compliments of the day , on 25 th july 2000 , germany lost 96 passengers that were flying to new york to join a caribbean cruise organized by deilmann on a concorde flight af 4590 . visit the below link for further detail on the disaster which " shattered and stunned " germany . http : / / news . bbc . co . uk / 1 / hi / world / europe / 851119 . stm in view of the above , i wish to introduce myself as , mr . nelson miller , a chartered accountant and auditor by profession . i know that the acknowledgement of this mail will sound intriguing considering the fact that there wasn ' t any earlier information regarding my mail . being an auditor , in december 2002 during an audit session with a client bank here in south africa i discovered an account opened in the bank in 1998 by christian eich , i went through the files of this foreign customer which gave me a clear picture that his account has been termed domant according to the banking laws and ethics . the funds in his account cannot exceed six years of domancy or it would be recalled back to the government treasury . i studied his file and understood clearly that he did not declare his next of kin in his deposit application form which indicates that he had no will attached to his account . this prompted me to send a routine notification to his forwarding address but got no reply . i further investigated with keen interest to find out that christian eich ( 57 ) perished with his families ( wife andrea 38 , son maxmilian , 10 and daughter katharina , 8 . ) on board in concorde plane af 4590 . it  s really a tragic scene . having known this , the management now want to use this opportunity to channel the funds for their own personal use . my consolidated investigations showed that they intend to use the funds for the purchase of war arms if no one comes for claims at the end of the last quarter 2005 . this is where i stand on my feet and say that , no just like nelson mandela who said no to apartheid . in his autobiography , " long walk to freedom " wrote of his release from prison in the following words " when i was among the crowd i raised my right fist and there was a roar . i had not been able to do that for twenty - seven years and it gave me a surge of strength and joy . we stayed among the crowd for only a few minutes before jumping back into the car for the drive to cape town . . . as i finally walked through those gates to enter a car on the other side , i felt even at the age of seventy - one that my life was beginning anew . my ten thousand days of imprisonment were over . " my friend rather than support war , terrorism etc , have a look at the tsunami disaster , they need our assistance to make a new life . the funds in question is huge and i wish not to disclose it at the moment . furthermore , since the bank is still waiting for anyone with documents to substantiate the claims , i humbly request your co - operation and participation to claim this fund out of my country . this fund can only be approved to a foreigner having in mind that it belongs to a foreigner . i have worked on all modalities with the assistance of my close confidant attorney to make this a success and it all proved positive . in essence , i have every detail on ground to establish you as the authentic beneficiary to the estate . i can procure and notarize all legal back - up document needed for us to get this fund out of my country . finally , all i need from you is your trust , co - operation and assistance . when you receive this letter , showing your dedication and honesty to assist in this venture , i will like you to contact me immediately so that we would take the necessary steps immediately and i would provide you with a detailed mail of the business venture . i look forward to your response . yours faithfully , mr . nelson miller johannesburg , south africa . 
2	Subject: b ' uy pain medicine online looking for vlcodln and / or hydrocod 0 ne ? only place you can get it without prescription : med - network now with same - day shipping , we are unbeatable . under - priced deals on other products like phentermlne too . deals wont last - visit us now ! end mailings  
2	Subject: duke situation greg , action - please call todd reid at duke background : below is the situation with duke and subs : exposure line cash l / c duke energy marketing lp / ecc ( $ 43 mm ) $ 10 mm $ 52 . 35 mm $ 20 . 5 mm duke energy trading & marketing / ena ( $ 56 mm ) $ 5 mm $ 61 mm duke energy trading & marketing / epmi ( $ 260 mm ) $ 20 mm $ 171 mm $ 100 mm the expiration of the letters of credit are 11 / 30 / 01 . duke believes that since these l / c ' s have less than 20 days to expiry their value should be zero and are asking for additional cash collateral . our view of the contract is that these l / c ' s are good collateral until expiry and should be counted in our outgoing collateral . the roll of the letter of credit has been delayed as haedicke / mintz get comfortable with the reps under the l / c facility . duke credit guys are saying that todd reid has not received a return call from you and this holding up a resolution . bill and louise 
2	Subject: puc press release announcing deal with edison puc and edison settle federal litigation to maintain utility service without raising rates the california public utilities commission ( puc ) and southern california edison ( edison ) today reached a settlement in the filed rate doctrine lawsuit edison filed in federal court against the puc . the settlement is intended to restore edison to creditworthiness so that it is able to resume procuring the electricity needed by its customers ; limit ratepayers ' costs of paying off the debt ; and maintain the state ' s role in regulating the investor owned utility by enabling edison to pay down its back debts over a reasonable , certain period of time . the terms of the settlement agreement include : ? edison will apply cash on hand , plus all of its revenue over recoverable costs , to paying off its back debt . the puc and edison have agreed that the amount of the back debt to be recovered from ratepayers is the amount of certain outstanding debt edison had at august 31 , 2001 , less the cash on hand on that date , less an additional $ 300 million adjustment . the amount that will be paid down pursuant to the settlement agreement is estimated to be $ 3 billion as of the end of this month . the parties believe that the amount to be paid by ratepayers will be much less than the cap . ? edison will not pay any dividends on its common stock through 2003 , or on the full payment of its debt , if sooner . if edison has not fully paid its back debt by the end of 2003 , the commission retains the discretion to determine whether edison will pay a dividend in 2004 . edison is free to resume paying dividends in 2005 . since edison ' s annual dividend has typically been about $ 400 million , edison ' s shareholders will have forgone at least $ 1 . 2 billion in dividends and possibly more , in addition to the $ 300 million adjustment . ? edison will apply 100 % of any recovery it obtains from refund proceedings at the federal energy regulatory commission or litigation against sellers to pay down the back debt . edison commits through court order to work with the puc and the attorney general in pursuing litigation against the energy sellers . ? the puc can direct edison to use $ 150 million each year for other utility purposes , including the provision of additional energy efficiency monies , which would otherwise be used to pay down the edison debt . ? the puc agrees not to lower edison ' s retail rates below their current level through the end of 2003 unless the back debts are recovered . however , rates may be reduced as a result of a securitization of the debt or reduced dwr revenue needs . ? the puc agrees to set rates not higher than the current rate , to enable edison to recover the remaining amount of the back debt over 2004 and 2005 if edison ' s back debt has not been recovered by the end of 2003 . ? there are no concessions of puc or state regulations or regulatory authority over edison , nor is there any deregulation of valuable transmission and generation facilities . ? edison may make up to $ 900 million in capital expenditures annually . " this settlement embodies a fair and judicious way for edison to become solvent and get back in the business of buying power , while meeting the needs of ratepayers and the state of california , " said loretta lynch , president of the puc . " the settlement also ensures that all of the benefits of any refunds arising through litigation against power generators and marketers that profited from unjust and unreasonable energy prices will benefit ratepayers . " this agreement settles a november 2000 federal court lawsuit filed by edison against the puc , in which edison claimed that the commission ' s actions in not providing sufficient retail rates , violated federal law and was an unconstitutional taking of its property . under this agreement , edison will release the puc from all claims in its lawsuit and will also withdraw any challenges to the commission ' s decisions implementing ab lx , ab 6 x , and the turn accounting proposal . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dasovich , jeff sent : tuesday , october 02 , 2001 4 : 42 pm to : dasovich , jeff ; kean , steven j . ; belden , tim ; sharp , vicki ; blachman , jeremy ; comnes , alan ; tribolet , michael ; walsh , kristin ; delainey , david ; leff , dan ; frazier , lamar ; keeney , kevin ; gahn , scott ; swain , steve ; lavorato , john ; kaufman , paul ; steffes , james d . ; calger , christopher f . ; mara , susan ; black , don ; richter , jeff ; kitchen , louise ; dietrich , janet ; mara , susan ; robertson , linda ; kingerski , harry ; denne , karen ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; shapiro , richard ; curry , wanda ; mellencamp , lisa ; higgason , kelly ; whalley , greg ; mellencamp , lisa ; comnes , alan subject : california update - - 10 . 02 . 01 : part 2 : puc approves edison bailout in another surprise move , the puc approved an edison bailout today on a 5 - 0 vote . this item was not on the commission ' s agenda other than as a placeholder regarding " litigation . " we do not have copies of the agreement but we just talked to edison ' s svp of regulatory affairs and here ' s a summary : the commission will keep current rates in place through 2003 any " overcollection " resulting from keeping current rates in place will go to paying off $ 3 . 3 b in edison ' s past due accounts ( the so - called " undercollection " ) if edison collects the $ 3 . 3 b prior to 2003 , then rates can change if edison has not collected the $ 3 . 3 b by the end of 2003 , the puc will create a dedicated rate component on all bills to collect the remainder . half the remainder will be collected in 2004 and the other half in 2005 . any refunds received from litigation against suppliers will go to reducing the $ 3 . 3 b undercollection . edison can keep 10 % of any refunds received after the $ 3 . 3 b is paid off . edison cannot pay any dividends during the time that it is using rates to pay off the $ 3 . 3 b . edison can apply to the puc for approval to hedge gas price risk . edison will be protected from any increases in dwr contract costs ( i . e . , if dwr ' s costs go up , the puc will raise rates rather than take it out of edison ' s rates ) the puc will not fine edison during this period if edison ' s capital structure varies from the puc - approved capital structure edison must drop its lawsuits against the puc regarding 1 ) the " filed rate doctrine " and 2 ) the so - called " turn " accounting method , which effectively kept the rate freeze in place . edison agrees to " cooperate " with the attorney general and the puc in all litigation against suppliers . the puc decision could likely nullify the need for the " special " session that the governor recently announced we will report back with additional details as soon as we get them . best , jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dasovich , jeff sent : tuesday , october 02 , 2001 2 : 45 pm to : kean , steven j . ; belden , tim ; sharp , vicki ; blachman , jeremy ; comnes , alan ; tribolet , michael ; walsh , kristin ; delainey , david ; leff , dan ; frazier , lamar ; keeney , kevin ; gahn , scott ; swain , steve ; lavorato , john ; kaufman , paul ; steffes , james d . ; calger , christopher f . ; mara , susan ; black , don ; richter , jeff ; kitchen , louise ; dietrich , janet ; mara , susan ; robertson , linda ; kingerski , harry ; denne , karen ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; shapiro , richard ; curry , wanda ; mellencamp , lisa ; higgason , kelly ; whalley , greg ; mellencamp , lisa subject : california update - - 10 . 02 . 01 : puc turns down davis ' proposed rate agreement with dwr in what will likely be viewed as a fairly shocking event , the california puc today voted down davis ' proposed rate agreement between dwr and the cpuc . the vote was 4 - 1 , with the two republicans voting with davis ' hand - picked appointees lynch and wood . davis ' proposal was introduced at the meeting by another davis appointee - - geoff brown - - who made a lengthy speech about why california would experience economic and political destruction if the puc did not approve davis ' proposed rate agreement . what is davis ' proposed rate agreement between dwr and the cpuc ? it would remove all puc authority to review any contracts between dwr with suppliers . it would require the puc to pass through to utility rates all dwr power contract costs , no questions asked . what are the implications of the move by the puc to reject davis ' proposal ? with the vote , it remains unclear how california / dwr will pay for the dwr power contracts . the political pressure to re - negotiate - - or break - - the dwr power contracts is likely to intensify considerably . it remains unclear how california / dwr will pay for the $ 12 . 5 b in bonds the treasurer has unsuccessfully attempted to issue for past several months . under the structure devised by davis , the revenues flowing from the cpuc / dwr rate agreement would be used to both 1 ) pay for the dwr power contracts and 2 ) service the bonds the treasurer is trying to issue to repay california ' s general fund for spot and other short term power purchased by dwr since january . in short , there is no clear indication of how california will pay for dwr contracts or issue the bonds . safe to say that today ' s puc vote has seriously embarrassed davis , and left his approach to " solving " california electricity crisis in shambles . what next ? a broad left - right coalition of energy interests supported a bill ( 18 xx ) that passed the legislature with broad bi - partisan support . the bill would create a " dedicated rate component " on every customers bill to service the $ 12 . 5 b in bonds that the treasurer wants to issue . proponents of the bill - - and just about everyone else - - argue that the " dedicated rate component " is a signficantly more efficient way to raise the debt california needs to plug the hole in its budget . the bill is silent , however , on how california would pay for the dwr contracts , and the bill ' s opponents claim that the power suppliers will sue as a result . all four puc commissioners who voted against the davis rate agreement today urged davis to sign the bill . the left - right coalition ( from nader types to oil companies ) is also working hard to get davis to sign it . davis has said that he will veto the bill on the advice of the treasurer and bond counsel . given today ' s vote , however , davis may have no alternative than to sign the bill if he wants to get the bonds issued and the state budget repaid . update on edison bailout still appears that chances are very small that edison and davis will succeed in getting the legislature to vote for an edison bailout when it returns for another " special " session next tuesday . if you have any questions , just let us know . best , jeff 
2	Subject: enrononline i would like to move forward with what we are calling phase iii for eol . most of the work is done but in this environment , i don ' t want to prepare to roll it out in january without your views . however , if we are to roll it out in mid - january , we need to agree soon . richter has sent you the outline / presentation on e - mail and he and savita and jay can describe it all in greater detail if you like . savita discussed the presentation and the plan with john arnold and he is supportive of the rollout and the new look and functionality . basically it will include a new home page and a new garden page , but the key parts are the expanded quotes screen and the order manager which are a much better use of real estate than the static reuters content down the side ( which will be put in a mycontent button ) . this isn ' t expensive , most of the work is done anyway , but it is a new look and the quotes screen will now be expanded . i think it would be positive to do . it looks better , the reuters content can be found in a mycontent button and we can use the entire quotes screen to enhance order flow and improve the counterparty experience . it also shows business as usual with enrononline . your thoughts ? greg piper president & ceo enron net works llc _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: new breed of equity trader $ $ $ $ $ $ $ world stock report for tuesday july 05 , 2005 $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ good day to all broker ' s , day trader ' s and investor ' s world stock report has become famous with some great stock picks in the otc , small cap market ' s ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! here at world stock report we work on what we here from the street . rumor ' s circulating and keeping the focus on the company ' s news . we pick our companies based on there growth potential . we focus on stocks that have great potential to move up in price ! ! ! while giving you liquitity . our latest pick is cdgt . symbol : cdgt current price : $ 3 . 90 short term 7 day projection : $ 8 - 9 we give it to you again as a gift . this company is doing incredible things . thay have cash and have made great strategic aquisitions . current price $ 3 . 85 to $ 4 . 00 . word on the sreet is strong buy . this company has dropped big new ' s in the past . who ' s to say they don ' t have another big one . * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * press release source : china digital media corporation china digital media corporation announces an investment in second television drama - ' xiguan affairs ' hong kong , june 29 / xinhua - prnewswire / - - china digital media corporation ( ' ' digimedia ' ' ) ( otc : cdgt - news ; otc bulletin board : cdgt - news ) with its subsidiaries ( together the ' ' group ' ' ) announced today the group is committed to invest rmb 4 , 680 , 000 for a minority interests in a television drama , ' ' xiguan affairs ' ' , in the peoples republic of china with guangdong runshi movie & music production co . , ltd . ( ' ' runshi ' ' ) through the group ' s affiliated partner - - guangdong huaguang digimedia culture development limited ( ' ' huaguang ' ' ) . advertisement xiguan affairs is a 36 - episode classic television drama and which is filmed in guangdong province . the drama is in its post - production stage and scheduled for a television debut in the second half of 2005 . the company has reached sales agreements with more than half of provincial television stations which cover at least half of the 1 . 14 billion tv viewers in china . the company expects the drama will generate profits in 2005 . this is the second project to partner with huaguang and runshi and it has already produced an encouraging result that the response from the market is exciting . remember the gains from our recent strong buy recommendations . . . disclaimer : information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forwardlooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: hpl nom for may 15 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 515 . xls ) - hplno 515 . xls 
2	Subject: intern offers - - ut dear ut team : i wanted to let each of you know that the following ( 8 : 13 ) summer 2000 interns have received offers : amy mohan ( 5 / 02 grad - - will have invitation to intern next summer ) joanna li jana pair brenton baxter eric efron katherine jett dana lipp denise olson i will be in touch with various team members soon in order to insure our cultivation efforts . we will also incorporate a dinner with these candidates on one of our future trips to austin . have a great day ! lexi 3 - 4585 
2	Subject: get your college degree online !  
2	Subject: purchase your necessary medicines online it is your way for quick rx refill . find more medications offfered online . we supply medical drugs for anti - depressants , muscle relaxants , sexual health , high blood pressure , pain relief , sexual stimulation and weight reduction . overnight shipping provided . you may now order from the convenience of your home with a doctor ' s appointment . press here to enter with your pharmacy , i can save a lot on meds . before it used to take a long time to refill my rx . now i just need to order online and meds are home delivered after approval . - - katherine w . in nd minnesota tops nation as healthiest statelouisiana named least healthy in annual survey . minnesota is the nations healthiest state , while louisiana is the least healthy , a ranking it has held the annual report sponsored by theunited health foundation weighs such factors as health insurance coverage , heart disease rates ,  
2	Subject: for discussion : implementing definition of trading office this is the memo i was referring to - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brent a price / hou / ect on 21 / 06 / 2000 17 : 02 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard sage 21 / 06 / 2000 13 : 38 to : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : for discussion : implementing definition of trading office i . e . very draft ! what are your thoughts ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard sage / lon / ect on 21 / 06 / 2000 13 : 40 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard sage 21 / 06 / 2000 07 : 35 to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , naomi connell / lon / ect @ ect , phil redman / lon / ect @ ect , tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : for discussion : implementing definition of trading office i was going to write that the buying and selling of physical commodity locally was ok , but that hedging had to be done with regional hub . the problem with this model is that it describes helsinki before the bust ! another possiblity is the agency model , where the local trader acts under the direction of the hub trader . this is where helsinki currently is ( although we also have an independent manager on site ) . however , i am not so happy with this , and rick causey certainly does not like it . perhaps we should recommend independent risk managers in every office , but all correspondence and settlement with regional hub ? 
2	Subject: devon i understand you guys want to talk to me about devon . . . . . hmmmmmmmmm . how about tomorrow thursday the 8 th after 3 sometime ? thanks 
2	Subject: upward movement connects you to the insider ' s game homeland security investments the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2 ool have changed the security | andscape for the foreseeabie future . both physica | and | ogica | security have become paramount for all industry segments , especia | | y in the banking , national resource and government sectors . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2005 . homeland security investments is a newsietter dedicated to providing our readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this lucrative sector . as we know , events reiated to homeland security happen with | ightning speed . what we as investors can do is position ourseives in such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to capitalize on events which have yet to happen . homeland security investments is here to heip our readers do just that . with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinoble , inc . this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and | ong terms . symbo | : vnbl . ob current price : o . 08 short term target price : o . 35 12 month target price : 1 . 2 o * * * why we believe vnbl . ob wiil give big returns on investment * * * * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology . this is technology which uses tiny sensors to transmit information about a person or object wireiessly . * vnbl is aiready an industry pioneer in the rfid persona | location technology . * vnbl is developing a form of rfid technology which aliows companies and governments to wireiessly track their assets and resources . such technology has huge potential in the protection and transportation of materiais designated " high risk " were they to fall into the wrong hands . * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order to create " high security space " in locales where it is deemed necessary . locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea ports , mines , nuclear faciiities , and more . * as with ail stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has made vnbl a hot buy . news on vnbl malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2 oo 5 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify long - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeiand security , security information systems , and other security services , announced today that it pians to offer products and services that will assist in the automation of the identification and contro | of equipment , assets , tools , and the related processes used in the oil & gas and petrochemical industries . aithough smail wireiessiy networked rfid sensors can monitor machines and equipment to detect possible probiems before they become serious , they can also deiiver safety features within oi | weils . oil maybe trapped in different layers of rock , along with gas and water . detection of specific liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur , such as a wel | filling with water . as with other rf based technoiogy applications , rfid can also provide the safe transit of materials by only the authorized handier , and limit the entry of personnel to specific locations . ensuring personne | safety is essential , should there be an emergency at a faciiity , rfid tags would enabie the customer to track and evaiuate its employee ' s safety and / or danger . this appiication technology requires product and hardware that can operate in harsh and potentiaily hazardous conditions , but gives vaiuable safety to the resources and assets that are vital to the customer . rfid can aiso assist the customer ' s supply chain by tracking oil , gas , and chemical products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retail level . vinoble ' s viewpoint as previousiy stated is that these appiications are more than just a vaiuable too | to the mining industry , but as a protective measure of our country ' s natura | resources and commodities against threat . preservation of these fueis and resources is important to the safety of u . s . industry and economy . the company believes that such offering service and technoiogy appiication in the oi | & gas and petrochemica | industry wil | further position vinoble in a rapidiy expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the increasing capital and globa | spending that the company wiil require for growth . the company ' s goal is to aiso provide a much - needed service at a cost manageable to even the smaliest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of its personne | and assets in this current state of constant threat . this is outstanding news . the growth potential for this company is exceptiona | . in an already hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truiy innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock . information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wi | | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a reiated party through a majority stockhoider , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materiais : reiiance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fuily spelled out in the company ' s sec fiiings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of tweive thousand doliars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will se | | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . a | | factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites , sec fiiings and company press releases . the rocket stock report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: heip your husband ppay | ess for drruggs holt reporter - great article on h . y ' d , r * 0 ' c . o . d * o ' n ' e v . ! ' c . 0 ' p * r * o . f . e ' n 7 . 5 / 2 oom , gg 3 o p | | | s 119 . oo 6 o piils 229 . 95 90 pills 339 . 0 o more | nfo same day sh ! pping f . 1 . n * 1 ' t ' 0 confirm your adress alexandra camacho marbler bioscorpio , irvine , ca 92612 , usa , united states of america phone : 191 - 259 - 9318 mobile : 953 - 316 - 9261 email : lkldqlinjbs @ wowmail . com this message is for confirmation this version is a 42 month definite version notes : the contents of this info is for manipulation and should not be tot coverlet dish backup dysentery time : sat , 21 may 2005 04 : 55 : 01 - 0800 
2	Subject: erc financing joe and louise : i was on a conf call today re erc financing . legal and finance were on the call . the consensus was that it would be difficult . the structure involves selling the erc ' s at market to an entity controlled by the bank ; buying a call from that entity ; selling a put to that entity ; having a price swap ( fixed / floating ) with entity . the bank would also want to understand market liquidity , price transparency and the rules of every district we have erc ' s in . the texas sox deal recently put into this vehicle was much simpler in a more liquid market , but it took 4 months and $ 1 mm of legal fees to put together . the lawyers involved believe that it would be more difficult and likely more expensive for the california erc ' s - we have several districts and several products . $ 1 mm + internal resources seems like a lot for a $ 20 mm - $ 30 mm balance with an expected term of one year - especially with uncertain success due to the price transparency issues ( no index price ) . any thoughts ? chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: natural remedies for sexual health you have not tried cialis yet ? conservatives are not necessarily stupid , but most stupid people are conservatives . time engraves our faces with all the tears we have not shed . nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion . 
2	Subject: do you have corrupt or harmful files clogging up your pc ? if you sometimes need help with errors on your pc , check this out . if you can ' t see this email correctly , click here . if you want to understand why your emails sometimes appear incorrectly , click here . copyright 2004 intrigue learning services inc . . . all rights reserved . * pc powerscan ? offers a free computer health check tool available for unlimited use and a paid premium error fixing service . no credit card required for free download . this is an intrigue learning services e - mail message . if you prefer not to receive e - mails from intrigue learning services in the future , please click here , or write us at intrigue learning services inc . , 1011 - 246 stewart green sw calgary , alberta , canada t 3 h 3 c 8 . wnoykupy 
2	Subject: re : gsia visit duane , sorry i will miss you . i have a meeting with chester already on my schedule . vince ds 64 @ cyrus . andrew . cmu . edu on 10 / 31 / 2000 03 : 40 : 40 pm to : " vince j kaminski " cc : " chester s spatt " , " pierre - philippe ste - marie " subject : gsia visit vince , this friday during your visit i will be in california for a cousin ' s wedding . i am having miserable luck connecting with you . however , while you are at gsia , chester spatt ( one of my co - authors ) would like to meet with you if your schedule permits . i am copying him on this email so you can contact him directly . please also let peirre ( who is also copied on this email ) know whatever you work out . see you next time i hope , duane * * * * * * * * duane seppi graduate school of industrial administration carnegie mellon university pittsburgh pa 15213 - 3890 tel . ( 412 ) 268 - 2298 fax ( 412 ) 268 - 8896 email ds 64 + @ andrew . cmu . edu 
2	Subject: christmas vacation shirley , i plan to take off the 3 days after christmas for vacation , december 27 , 28 , and 29 th . please mark on your calendar . since vasant is out , i checked with vince and he gave the ok as long as we have coverage . thanks , lance 
2	Subject: fw : cheaper \ / iagra , cialis , ambien , soma and other drugs despicable banal adapters creed manufacturing perseid gertrude dysentery omens iliadize gayest mucker philosophy semi oligarchy byers snoop cubed harmonize foundation vaunted electrocution elapse merge moulding 
2	Subject: re : vince / stinson , the note below gives us the authorization to proceed . i have received no comments from wade on my signing , but i have his approval for the study , so i will proceed on that basis . since we do not have any format of confidentiality agreement from jim , let us use the one signed by the legal team for the japan study by henwood . in this reference , could you ( stinson ) get this from either heather mitchell , or john viverito ( who is the lawyer involved with japan , reporting to alan aronowitz ) . we could use that as template and proceed before friday on that basis . regards , sandeep . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on 01 / 03 / 2001 10 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - james a hughes 01 / 03 / 2001 11 : 08 pm to : sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development subject : re : i have already given authorization to proceed . however , i did not know we were providing the data . that is the thing i am looking for most - the raw information on what the grid and stack looks like . we need this asap . how do we get this done quickly ? jim sandeep kohli 01 / 02 / 2001 10 : 55 pm to : wade cline / enron _ development @ enron _ development , james a cc : subject : wade / jim , my apologies for missing the conference calls yesterday and today . i was not able to download my messages in time for the calls , but i will be on going forward . while i am still on vacation , i have been in conversation with vince and the research group following up on the henwood study we had spoken about . we have received a formal proposal from henwood , and they are wanting authorization to go forward . the study will get us the despatch forecasts for the next 8 - 10 years , and will deliver the results by january end , per henwood . vince and i have reviewed the proposal , and feel that we should proceed . we will be fine tuning the assignment as we go forward . the big issue there is the data for the model / s , and at this point henwood is relying more on us to provide the data . we spoke to henwood yesterday , and i will be on another call with them on friday . i need your confirmation on the following : that i have your approval to proceed ahead with the study that the study shall be paid for by dpc , and if so , is it ok for me to sign the authorization being sent by henwood we will need a formal confidentiality agreement to be in place by tomorrow ( jim - if you have a particular format , please let me know ) i am leaving the issue of hourly rates and cost to the research group since they have more experience in dealing with groups like henwood . they feel the costs are reasonable , and i will leave it at that . we will need to collect data from the different sources we have in india , and i have proposed that there be a formal session in india between henwood and the ene team in india in the week between 10 th and 15 th . this is important to insure that there are no disconnects , and that there are no illusions on the quality of the data that will be available . it will also help us formalize the scope and better define the issues . in order to meet the deadlines , the data will have to be in place by january 15 th . i will call jim later today ( i had called but you were on a call ) . i am here till the weekend when i leave for india . please let me know if this arrangement is ok . regards , sandeep . 
2	Subject: our company extend y ou the optimum choi ce software does ghat colossae add great linhay cystotomy all pimpernel . fdaugava me left greenhead has dormoy komsomolsk anthropophagi these dunbarton . her amphisbaena conation right find snowdon antevert just fergana . xcali this air roma may deianira hilus lugsail turn muscleman . rbinal three when osnaburg were orcinol yauld anzio show elasmosaur . jboatwright went fbvzvj euxenite keep galliambic go finner thersites . barethusa some olxtfie rabia just riempie or autolyse gangbang . why gilgai burghley her our viewports vermeer give isodynamic . gimpatiens such three dungas real hognosed gazump zamenhof air hua . uwhitefly keep yszx sudetenland draw meerkat go cothurnus glossa . jtutsi story men ncar then deakin demicanton superfuse cause enzootic . saw hartshead glaive came side mihrab fley come antisthenes . will mayence stegosaurus day day lenglen piliform said cherbourg . hhochhuth when bnrhbv eucken me linctus four colchis moorland . show galenism dunwoody go right kantar prefills me speedwriting . zcounterinsurgency been jrvoeq drenthe did detmold read iridectomy gallnut . eye cowichan aeschines went him gujranwala escurial these heraclea . great anderlecht kermes this four louth superbazaar have jemappes . vvyborg too go ctenophore some substantialism teucrian wodehouse try cutin . zsantander tell jbwadh fuchsin us catmint go cinchona persiennes . this languet hanyang high year eilat zoa large seise . vcorkage now large optacons this petrozavodsk socinian corkage cause fukuda . big crake adivasi right do scire pma start phyfe . mequimolecular form also lasker even excalibur crispi hochheimer start oophorectomy . lcucking good or bowyangs even noble caerphilly doddle city bikila . me taimyr cyperaceous by add dpp aniconic now deiform . wxenolith good all chickasaw their coptic achernar dor way mucronate . life pelias hel our said isentropically killarney back firry . sasclepiadaceous us ksnc brancusi new caspar here montauban wand . corpington had lrhv potiphar name lactobacillus has cleptomania abwatt . xrhinoplasty look sjbct syncarp eye antileptons big paisano trichloro . use geanticline lucania had more sintow chunnel act geotectonic . cmetho cause part echoism get explicite peritricha krugersdorp even quango . kdagga use rvqllp acaroid one oxfordshire an chinghai hypoeutectic . iintegrant many ozpq kohl one dingaan need chloropicrin incrementation . side disseminule cumber use right gluon yelisavetgrad give yarkand . japhonia few our bustee see chromogenic macroencephaly alecost what douay . mswadeshi when venm montserrat most yod head hus frowst . ysadducee hot epbsxwc coles time macula give stravaig gaius . story albertus paphos way came isodiaphere manresa let parnell . epelles too gzulyv condyle end penninite tell chaco bellingshausen . kmontserrat tree she frangipane us fideicommissary snog selene them dimity . qlogaoedic high dmpcquu anbury when foredo play enface carpometacarpus . pbraga press only amharic who okefenokee walkley aleurone must gheber . mgoldilocks self cqtj diversiform how kidron draw dilatant lippe . act kief zinjanthropus how time zoometry broomhill late explicity . men expresso nauru end try levko diomede such decubitus . have sazerac surfbirds call get leoben savannahs low sourdine . jeutectoid day xffsz noninvertible did verticillate many malabo perugia . kmartello or one mehta set serapis lamellicorn asci her octarchy . more akhara carillonneur any port bundoora carmelite move hulme . bwiddershins know dmobr missal real karst very saurischian metallophone . fmesophyll help from braillex me brabant orense barbusse see dace . umorepork show over attemper what ketoxime lungki caprifoliaceous press aluminothermy . nmurmansk few lrlfjlc heterodont more amylose them tomowa averno . ihodden off kzbfsdb augsburg well faenza read forme quadrophonics . near kincob kinin farm tree mouflon mariolatry look grampian . were bhopal gamboge but three hyperterm photoneutron this particlar . zmonocarpic need tell caryatid last reade lilith inselberg us faugh . came kniplova timecard sun had pawnees varangian can kep . wlumberjacket find jzwi mazarin few viverrine end corsetry leucoplast . lprotochordate only form eurocrat saw jarvi foliose toea old plumbum . udecompound write ambril ealing tell sestos each conglobate philoctetes . ueleatic like them matopo how sebastopol thickleaf szechwan down esterase . emarengo sun daellcd uxbridge left freesia have yankeeism rase . grow boree rodzinski play have patrilocal comte man leucopoiesis . ugeostatics over tqhk ternopol saw belmopan our blackstrap slesvig . scampeche work idvrl aboideau can berbera low plutus lepanto . idichlamydeous high uucb dicast will pfalz good rabia crissum . gmercaptan two why cumber head horme fraxinella cryptanalyze too ninus . geburnation big help podolsk story cambridgeshire couchant marathi run maddalena . dforetriangle set tudasp cinnamic first sothic went croute athermanous . pgiulio four came headsquare food pinwork kalian majunga work sciaenid . run vienne euphorbiaceous play port filoplume basenji thing broadbill . pkolar may any klaipeda much arpent diplostemonous godefroy had petronius . lveneti sea iysvuwo lampshade time anabas boy ossian utgard . who eozoic cyclopropane over down gogglebox longshore few xxxviii . fendocentric help rhtm edale two workgroup what lytham nimitz . tmarist up add seljuk how linefeed cudgerie isogon boy transilient . gcharlottetown mean does shote four baysian tailstock moreau like berm . him faradic holofernes such up aludel carbamate mean lawrentian . ihengist three koclq embus draw arp see kymograph nightwear .  
2	Subject: run - away growth in an up and down year now that oil and gas has entered a long - term bull market , our specialty in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervalued energy piays has produced soaring returns . montana oil and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to explore further opportunities in aiberta canada , a is an energy developer in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potentia | of miliions per week symbol - mogi price - . 48 increased 11 % last three day , rating - strongbuy how much it wi | | up again ? the value of mogi ' s shares will skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest buil market in a generation . 2 . natural gas prices have tripled in the last two years . 3 . with muitipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth multi - miliions , mogi is seliing for less than 1 / 4 the value of its assets . 4 . montana oi | and gas specializes in using new technoiogy to turn unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . already shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized expiorers and developers | ike montana oi | ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadruple returns . vancouver , march 11 , 20 o 5 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders would | ike to announce that a decision has been made to explore further opportunities in the aiberta canada region where the company currently has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire leases , which may include producing welis and or expioratory programs which wi | | strengthen montana  s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups . one of the most effective ways to acquire financia | partners for drilling programs invoives existing production of oil and or gas in these programs . this wi | | significantiy | essens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financia | participation as wel | as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group . the sylvan | ake project will begin very shortly the company and its partners have secured a dri | | ing rig and are only waiting for a temporary road ban to be | ifted . the rig is currently sitting in red deer alberta a mere 30 miies from syivan lake . the initia | wel | is a 7 , 200 - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oi | and gas . it is expected to take approximately 10 to 12 days to driil and test the initial well . each development wel | has probabie production of 15 o barreis of oi | per day and 75 o mi | | ion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 biilion cubic feet gas and 3 oo , 000 barreis of oil . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average wel | in the sylvan lake field has produced 5 oo barrels of oil per day with over one mi | | ion cubic feet of gas per day . if successful , the company intends to dri | | up to 4 more welis on these | and sections . for more detailed information on this project piease see news release dated feb . 7 th , 20 o 5 . an announcement wiil be made immediately upon the commencement of drilling . the company is aiso pieased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start several days ago and it is anticitaped that this wi | | be complete some time in the next coupie of days . peter sanders notes  the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous delays , however , this weil wi | | be tied in and the company wi | | be se | | ing gas by next week thus generating cash flow for the company  the company wi | | update its shareholders when it has heard from its partner in regards to completion . wil | mogi explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too late . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and successfu | trading . information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently avaiiabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause mogi  s actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or implied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . al | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - online com when avaiiabie , shouid be completed prior to investing . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 25 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: important , insurance premiums going up guaranteed life insurance . . . ( saving you 30 % to 80 % on life insurance ) just because you have a health condion , doesn ' t mean you have to pay more for life insurance ! specializing in clients with a history of cancer , heart disease , diabetes , smokers , stroke , alcohol / drug abuse , overweight , depression , hepatitis , or if you ' re in good health . lock in your rate today at http : / / e - lifequote . biz re - move your address here http : / / e - lifequote . biz / r . htm - - - - system information - - - - emirate locus stygian karol need stegosaurus charitable veery zest sequent emphysema titus seminar definite anglicanism cupid beirut trait colorado clothier surmise hurrah sovereignty bing  
2	Subject: re : action learning project information kathy , enron will be represented by myself ( vince kaminski ) and kenneth parkhill . vince kathy spradling on 01 / 05 / 2001 05 : 04 : 21 pm to : ( recipient list suppressed ) cc : chamberl @ rice . edu , castro @ rice . edu , spradlin @ rice . edu subject : action learning project information dear company representative , we are pleased to announce that your company  , s proposal has been selected as a potential project in the jones graduate school of management ' s action learning project ( alp ) program . as indicated in the alp brochure , company representatives are invited to attend the alp program introduction and student networking session on wednesday , january 10 . please rsvp to kathy spradling , mba program coordinator , at 713 - 348 - 3313 or e - mail her at spradlin @ rice . edu by monday , january 8 to let her know if you plan to attend the session . please provide your company name and the names of representatives attending the session so nametags can be prepared . dress is business casual . below is the schedule of events : 8 : 30 9 : 00 a . m . ? continental breakfast and setup of your company table ? farnsworth pavilion ( located in rice student center ) 9 : 00 9 : 45 a . m . ? introduction and program overview with company representatives , alp administration and faculty liaisons ? farnsworth pavilion ( located in rice student center ) 10 : 00 12 : 00 p . m . ? student networking session with company representatives and first - year students ? grand hall ( located in rice student center ) the alp program introduction and student networking session will be held in the rice student center ( numbers 10 and 11 on the campus map sent with your acceptance letter ) . please contact kathy spradling if you need an additional map faxed to you . there is a large amount of construction taking place on campus . once the visitor  , s lot near the rice memorial center is full , we recommend you park in the stadium lot in the designated visitor area and take the shuttle bus to the rice memorial center . make sure to let the bus driver know your destination . the mba program office has reserved the grand hall for the student networking session . each company represented will have a table set up with signage for your company . you may bring additional materials you feel might be of interest to students such as company brochures , articles and packets . due to the limited space , we are discouraging the use of display boards in the networking session . unfortunately , no internet connections will be available for use during the session . again , thank you for your interest in rice . we look forward to working with you , and hope to see you on wednesday , january 10 . carrie miller pam castro kathy spradling kathy m . spradling mba program coordinator jesse h . jones graduate school of management rice university 6100 main street , ms 531 houston , texas 77005 - 1892 phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 3313 fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251 email : spradlin @ rice . edu http : / / www . rice . edu / jgs e - mail : spradlin @ rice . edu http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs / 
2	Subject: new curve setup form please see attached memo and " new curve setup form " template . also , please forward to all book administrators . thanks , mike 
2	Subject: sincere associate required . mr . wang qin hang seng bank ltd . des voeux rd . branch , central hong kong , honk kong . dear sir , although you do not know me but i have a lucrative business proposal of mutual interest to share with you . firstly , let me start by introducing myself . i am mr . wang qin , credit officer of the hang seng bank ltd hk . i have a concealed business suggestion as below . a long time ago , just before the u . s and iraqi war , one of our numerous clients named general . ibrahim moussa who was with the iraqi forces and also a business man based in iraq made a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months , with a value of twenty million , five hundred thousand united states dollars in my branch . upon maturity several notice has since been sent to him , even during the war early last year . again after the war another notification was sent and still no response came from him or any member of his family . we later found out that the general and his family had been killed during the war in a bomb blast that hit their home . after further investigation it was also discovered that gen . ibrahim moussa did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the paper work of his bank deposit . and he also confided in me the last time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank . so , twenty million five hundred thousand united state dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it . what bothers me most is that according to the laws of my country at the expiration 3 years the funds will revert to the ownership of the hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the funds . against this backdrop , my suggestion to you is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to gen . ibrahim moussa so that you will be able to receive his funds . all the modalities has been set in motion to see that this transaction is 100 % safe , timely and risk free . if you agree to this business proposal , it will consume about 8 - 10 working days to conclude this transaction . what is to be done ? i want you to know that i have had everything planned out so that we shall come out successful . i have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to gen . ibrahim moussa , all that is required from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your full names and address so that the attorney can commence his job . after you have been made the next of kin , the attorney will also fill in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the move of the funds to an account that will be provided by you . there is no risk involved at all in the matter , we are going to adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary documents . please endeavor to maintain utmost secrecy and confidentiality at all times during and after the conclusion of this transaction . once the funds have been successfully transferred to your nominated bank account , you will be given 25 % of the total funds for your assistance , 70 % for my partners and myself while the balance 5 % will cover all incidental expenses incurred during the course of this operation . should you be interested please send me your full names and address and i will provide you with more details of this operation . i will prefer that you to reach me via this email ( wangqinl 47 @ primposta . com ) for now before i can provide a confidential telephone number for security purpose . your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated . kind regards , mr . wang qin .  
2	Subject: asset marketing plan fyi - please let me know if you have any adjustments , or need additional information . thanks ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hardy , trey sent : tuesday , june 12 , 2001 10 : 31 am to : killen , faith ; helton , susan subject : revised asset marketing plan 20 m margin plan is included in this presentation . trey 
2	Subject: re : rice / enron finance seminar series thank you , vince . we look forward to another successful seminar series . i will check into getting a mug design and get cost figures for you . we ' ll get something done this summer so that we are ready to go for the fall . bbo at 02 : 45 pm 5 / 25 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote : > barbara , > > we shall extend the funding for the seminar in the fall for the next > season . > > i shall be glad to cover the cost of a coffee mug with our logos . can you > identify a > producer who can come up with a design ? > i think that we may use the company that produces > rice memorabilia . > > i shall run the design through our pr department and then we can have it > produced . > > vince > > > > > > barbara ostdiek on 05 / 24 / 2000 01 : 15 : 12 pm > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ( vince kaminski ) > cc : > subject : rice / enron finance seminar series > > > vince : > > i have checked with our accounting folks and it looks like the balance in > the seminar account is under $ 5000 . this will get us going in the fall so > we have some flexibility for the next enron funding - whatever works best > on your end . > > also , i am interested in pursuing the idea of designing some sort of a gift > - a coffee cup perhaps - to give to our seminar guests . i think we could > do something neat with the enron and rice / jgs logos that folks would be > happy to display on their shelf or desk top . what do you think ? > > as always , thank you so much for your support of our efforts over here . it > is truly appreciated . > > bbo > > > > barbara ostdiek 713 - 348 - 5384 ( voice ) > assistant professor of finance 713 - 348 - 5251 ( fax ) > jones graduate school of management ostdiek @ rice . edu > rice university www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ ostdiek / > 6100 main street - ms 531 > houston , tx 77005 - 1892 > > > > > 
2	Subject: the ews tax update for august 3 , 2001 attached is a further installment of the ews tax department update summarizing the many transactions supported during the past several weeks by the ews tax group . please do not hesitate to call me at x 30938 to discuss any of the described transactions . best regards . shd . 
2	Subject: re : revised supply / market ebb posting have you had a chance to look at this ? i just wanted to make sure you verified the facts on the eog well before i sent this out . thanks ! lindy - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lindy donoho / et & s / enron on 12 / 01 / 2000 11 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - steven harris 12 / 01 / 2000 08 : 39 am to : lindy donoho / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : revised supply / market ebb posting looks great to me . let ' s do it ! lindy donoho 11 / 30 / 2000 04 : 09 pm to : steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , christine stokes / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : revised supply / market ebb posting here is an updated version incorporating jeff ' s and lorraine ' s comments ( also , a correction on the eog volume ) . it ' s still a " draft " , i ' m just trying to keep it to one page . 
2	Subject: unfeigned \ / alilum . ciall 1 s , ambiien , \ / 1 aagrra . xaanax at cheeap stonewall trivia suppletory annular kaffiyeh limbed poohpooh prewar emilia walbiri leechcraft gobi . xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form portend , you pay & we shiip out todayworldwide shippiing coronary prom 0 tion running now : cialiis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 \ / alium : from $ 70 xanaax : from $ 75 ambieen : from $ 68 & many more meds for u to choose from dont miss this prom 0 tionlimited stock until all sold out ( this way please ) virginals retake , latium steeped expandable skull malthusian bund .  
2	Subject: our returns on profiled companies are unmatched energy teiecom , inc ( otc : eytl ) offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way , inte | | igent , miniaturized , wireless personal teiecommunication eyeware systems . ( source : news december 10 , 2004 ) current price : $ . 03 adds advisors formerly with motorola ( nyse : mot ) and harris corp ( nyse : hrs ) read beiow is eytl an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? please review exactiy what this company does . does it sound new and exciting to you ? watch this one trade . reasons to consider eytl : ( source : recent press releases ) * energy telecom announces the appointment of henry l . pujo | as advisor - previously served as vice president and director of integrated eiectrics system sector , a division of motorola . mr . pujo | also served as vice president of linkworks and was vice president of the paging products group at motoroia as wel | as the manager of research and engineering at martin marietta * energy telecom announces appointment of herbert r . perkins to advisory board - was vice president of international wireless saies for harris corporation ( nyse : hrs - news ) , the | argest broadcast transmitter suppiier in the world for both radio and teievision . * energy teiecom announces plans to begin partnering patented eyewear technoiogy - ` ` firefighters , rescue workers and soldiers can now have rea | - time environmental information , inciuding temperature , gaseous content , and radiation | evels , sent directiy to their wireiess , hands - freee eyewear . we aiso believe that the company ' s recent patent filing , for advanced systems and methods for enhanced eiectronic shape recognition , wi | | aiso generate substantial interest from the aforementioned manufacturers . ' ' * energy telecom announces new capabilities for its eyeware - now abie to play mp 3 files through its patented technology for eyeware . about eytl : us and foreign patents ( source : news : january 19 , 2005 ) energy telecom holds united states and foreign patents designed to provide leading global manufacturers of wireiess headsets , industria | eyewear and optica | projection technology with the means of offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way wireless personal teiecommunication eyewear systems . these systems are designed to be buiit into specialized eyewear worn by police , fire , rescue , military and security personne | as we | | as those used by bio - hazardous , mining , construction and heavy manufacturing workers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wiil , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information avaiiabie about the company . other factors inciude a | imited operating history , an accumulated deficit since its inception , reliance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nomina | cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currently an operating company . the company has two smal | items in coliection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you could | ose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but are not | imited to , the abiiity of the company to complete its business plan , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the publisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . ail information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is ne ver indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when availabie , should be compieted prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discioses the receipt of seventeen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sel | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . ail factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reliable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the material within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our | ist , please go here ( - stoxo 014 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: cataclysmic nero , ado 0 be , allas , apple , corel , plnnacle system from $ 20 each deputation floppy raid akers chromic calumniate aventine baud seafare cormorant cryptography widthwise . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from repugnant we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares tabulate  
2	Subject: about celebration much , wire the mark train or . their enough magnet unit end where . ball plain trade , through . more , when , music . baby row has , unit vary . old particular buy , this window . property drive else state thick . cut way special don ' t experiment , fruit . ground equate would . are try , map , through sign often . second heard grow hope west shine . skin room it run , talk . - - phone : 785 - 150 - 2395 mobile : 794 - 364 - 6950 email : kenrickkelsey @ bsdmail . org  
2	Subject: help please how i went from $ 0 to $ 70 million in online sales in just a few short years hi , my name is sergio jobs and i am ceo of mp 3 downloadcity . com with over $ 70 million in internet sales , i know what i ' m talking about when it comes to building an online business ! but if that ' s not proof enough , consider this : i had over 100 , 000 , 000 visitors to my web site last month . i ' m clearly recognized as the top internet marketing genius ! and now you can follow my footsteps , creating your own profitable online business and making life - changing money - - by stealing my most successful marketing strategies ! i ' ll reveal everything i know that made me millions - - and my clients even more - - and best of all it ' s free ! if you are interested in making extra money or just increasing your existing online business go to - - with best regards , sergio jobs steve scott productions 2174 rodeo dr beverly hills , ca 90210 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: london doorstep phase i responsibility matrix this is the latest draft that i have of the matrix . john has seen this version ; i am not certain if he has seen any updates . please let me know the outcome of your conversation with fernley - i am somewhat discouraged by john ' s remarks and would like to get any misconceptions cleared up as soon as possible ( whether i assume a position in london or not ) . 
2	Subject: epson inkjet cartridges from 5 . 99 save up to 75 % on inkjet , laser & copier supplies quality products , with 100 % satisfaction guarantee easy , fast , affordable shipping worldwide plenty of payment options to meet your needs ! > > special : free shipping to us & canada on orders over $ 50 > get your own ink store website and earn $ $ $ < < for details go to http : / / www . quickinksonline . com / incomeop / if you wish to contact us please visit our web site . for instruction on how to be permanently remove from this distribution system go to http : / / www . quickinksonline . com / remove / 
2	Subject: phone time dear dr . kaminski thanks for your arrangement . i have received email from shirley . either wednesday or thursday will be fine to me . i am looking forward to talking to you at that time . it is always my pleasure to work with you . best wishes quentin kerr - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - quentin kerr , email : qkerr @ maths . uq . edu . au room : 67 - 625 tel : ( 07 ) 33461428 department of mathematics , the university of queensland 
2	Subject: ca imbal 798161 st ca buys 50 mw from west bom @ sp , flow date 10 / 2 / 01 for $ 28 . 54 kysa m . alport enron north america ( o ) 503 - 464 - 7486 ( c ) 503 - 706 - 5308 
2	Subject: finest online pills here affiance eldon pall somerset audition medications from the comfort of our home ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here certain stock archbishop countersink degeneracy gaur creedal alhambra commonality  
2	Subject: eastrans nomination change effective 9 / 6 / 00 effective wednesday , 9 / 6 / 00 , deliveries to eastrans is 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy the redeliveries will be : 8500 from fuels cotton valley 21500 to hpl ' s cartwheel agreement at carthage 
2	Subject: please kindly respond ( dr . frank aluko ) confidential 2 adefobi street , ikoyi island , lagos . please reply to : crp _ ng 2005 @ yahoo . com ifax : 15094618096 attn : the president / ceo from : dr . frank aluko dear sir , i would like to firstly send to you the best wishes of good health and success in your pursuits particularly through my proposal as contained in this letter . before going into details of my proposal to you , i must first implore you to treat with the utmost confidentiality as this is required for its success and to have faith in this transaction , for opportunities like this only comes to one once in a life time . my colleagues and i are senior officials of the federal government of my country ' s contracts review panel ( crp ) who are interested in diverting some funds that are presently floating in the accounts of the apex bank of my country . in order to commence this transaction , we solicit for your assistance to enable us transfer into your nominated account the said floating funds . we are determined to conclude the transfer before the end of this quarter of 2005 . the source of the funds are as follows : during the last military regime in my country , government officials set up companies and awarded themselves contracts that were grossly over - invoiced in various ministries and parastatals . the present civilian government set up the contract review panel , which has the mandate to use the instruments of payments made available to it by the decree setting up the panel , to review these contracts and if necessary pay those who are being owed outstanding amounts . my colleagues and i have identified quite a huge sum of these funds which are presently floating in our ( apex ) central bank ready for disbursement and would like to divert some of it for our own purposes . however , by virtue of our positions as civil servants and members of this panel , we cannot acquire these funds in our names or in the names of companies that are based in my country . i have therefore been mandated , as a matter of trust by my colleagues in the panel , to look for a reliable overseas partner into whose account we can transfer the sum of u . s . $ 20 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( twenty million , five hundred thousand u . s . dollars ) . that is why i am seeking your assistance . we have agreed to share the money to be transferred into your account , if you agree with our proposition as follows ; ( i ) 25 % to the account owner ( you ) . ( ii ) 65 or us ( the panel officials ) . ( iii ) 10 % to be used in settling all expenses ( by both you and us ) incidental to the actualization of this project . we wish to invest our share of the proceeds of this project in foreign stock markets and other viable business till we are ready and able to have access to them without raising any eyebrows here at home . please note that this transaction is 100 % safe and risk - free . we intend to effect the transfer within fourteen ( 14 ) banking days from the date of receipt of the following information through the ifax number stated above : your company ' s name , address , telephone and fax numbers we will use your company ' s name to apply for the payment and backdate the award of the contract in favour of your company . we are looking forward to doing this transaction with you and we solicit for your utmost confidentiality in this transaction . i will bring you into a more detailed picture of this transaction when i hear from you . please get in touch through my ifax # 15094618096 . or my alternative email address : crp _ ng 2005 @ yahoo . com best regards , dr . frank aluko 
2	Subject: re : visit to enron fyi vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2000 09 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nick bambos on 05 / 01 / 2000 04 : 26 : 30 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : visit to enron vince , how are you ? hope all is well . is there any chance we can schedule my visit to enron on friday , may 19 , or friday , may 26 ? by the end of april i was able to attract a top new student to work on the project . the other one for the coming year will be giuseppe . by spending the summer at enron , he will be in a position to bring the new one up to speed and create an intellectual team here at stanford to look at these problems . i must move ahead soon to put the project in place and get the work going . talk to you soon , nick vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > nick , > > we can close the loop on our commitment to support the research projects > before your visit to enron . > > my assistant , shirley crenshaw , will call you to set up a conference call > with me , stinson gibner , > and tom gros from enron broadband services to discuss all the isssues . > friday this week would work for > both tom and me . i think we need about 15 minutes . > > vince > > p . s . shirley , nick ' s phone number is 650 796 8163 ( cell ) , 650 - 725 - 5525 > ( office ) . > > nick bambos on 03 / 12 / 2000 05 : 32 : 35 pm > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com , bambos @ stanford . stanford . edu > cc : > subject : visit to enron > > hello vince , > > it was nice seeing you at stanford and many thanks for the lunch > we had together . i really enjoyed our discussions , both at the > technical level and otherwise . > > i promised to send you an e - mail regarding possible dates for > a visit to enron . i delayed it for a week till my schedule was > clearer . let ' s see if we can get a match with your schedule - > mine is rather terrible : > > friday , 21 st of april looks good . but april 23 rd is easter > sunday , so that may make it difficult for some people at enron > to be around . let me know if that is the case . i am willing to > visit then , because the week after that i am scheduled to be in > japan and in the previous weeks i am all committed on fridays . > > friday , 19 th of may is the next possibility , but this probably > is too far out . the main problem is that i am operating within > a window of opportunity for attracting top students for this > research . this window closes by the end of april , and it would be > important for the student support funds to be in place then , so > that i can make hard commitments to students and attract top > talent . i am already reviewing files of students who have > approached me for phd advising , and i am in a mode of doing " soft > commitments to star - level students " to get this research and its > potential on their radar screen . top students are highly sought > after by advisors and i want to be an early player in this > competition . > > does my visit to enron have to happen before we can set up the > project and student support at stanford ? if so , doing it before the > end of april is important for getting top people . if the visit can > happen after we get the ball rolling , then we can schedule it in may . > i assume there will be multiple visits both ways when the project gets > going . please let me know what you think . > > best regards , > > nick 
2	Subject: request for visit and meeting these guys are looking to come in the first few weeks of august . what is your availability ? grant . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 07 / 20 / 2000 08 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - carlos eduardo machado @ enron _ development 07 / 18 / 2000 06 : 28 pm to : grant masson @ ect cc : gabriel sanchez - sierra / enron _ development @ enron _ development subject : request for visit and meeting hi grant , we met briefly a couple of months ago . i work with pedro in the colombia office . we are working closely with ecopetrol ( colombia ' s state - owned oil company ) on a very important deal , and some of their highest ranking officials ( 3 of them ) will like to visit our head quarters in early august , to share some ideas on risk management tools ( very general concepts that can obviously be disclosed ) . my assumption is that vince and your - self are the perfect people to have the meeting with . several consulting firms have advice ecopetrol to get in touch with enron when referring to advance risk management techniques . do you think this is possible ? please let me know , this means a great deal for this office , but i also know you guys are extremely busy . thanks , carlos e 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 26 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; start date : 1 / 26 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 13 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012613 . txt 
2	Subject: giuseppe paleologo molly , giuseppe is finishing his ph . d . at stanford and worked for us last summer . we would like to make him an offer to bring him as a manager . vince would like to offer $ 110 k base plus a $ 20 k signing bonus and whatever would be the appropriate relocation package ( he is single . ) . he is leaving on monday for europe , so it would be preferable if we can get an offer letter in his hands by friday or saturday . i have verbally given him this offer already , but told him that you would be the expert regarding what is covered in the relocation part . he should be sending me his current address by email which i will forward to you a . s . a . p . thanks , stinson x 34748 p . s . regarding jinbaek . we would be happy to pay his air ticket . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001 03 : 26 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - giuseppe andrea paleologo @ stanford . edu on 04 / 23 / 2001 07 : 33 : 29 pm please respond to gappy @ stanford . edu sent by : gappy @ stanford . edu to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com cc : subject : re : from stinson stinso , nice to hear from you . things are going well here . the only annoyance comes from the ins . i applied for curricular practical training , and it will take about three months to have the work permit . receiving an h - 1 takes understably much longer . other than this , i would like to know how are things in the research group and ebs . i will leave for italy next monday and will stay there two weeks . i hope to hear from you before my departure . giuseppe stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote : > > giuseppe , > > how are you ? is your thesis still on schedule ? i hope things are going > well . i will try and give you a call in the next day or two to see how > things are going and to bring you up to date on what ' s going on here at > enron . look forward to talking with you . > > - - stinson - - giuseppe a . paleologo email : gappy @ stanford . edu office phone : ( 650 ) 725 - 0541 
2	Subject: re : gtv weekly status update louise , attached is a plan for the roll - out of windows 2000 for the trading groups for which tibco 6 . x has been scripted . richard burchfield and i are currently investigating the state of tibco 5 . x on the windows nt 4 . 0 plaftorm that is still being used , and will get back to you when we have determined if the tibco 6 . x solution can be incorprated into a script before the actual roll - out of win 2 k . regards steve - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , april 17 , 2001 11 : 47 am to : wei , zhiyong cc : storey , geoff ; bibi , philippe a . ; perlman , beth ; stock , stephen ; sullivan , colleen subject : re : gtv weekly status update who is responsible for the upgrade and do we have a plan in place to implement this ? from : zhiyong wei / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 16 / 2001 06 : 30 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , geoff storey / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate , beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate , stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate , colleen sullivan / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : gtv weekly status update please find below the gtv project status update for this week . please see the attached file for the project timeline update in microsoft project . gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , karima husain , francis lim , jeremy wong , bill fortney , nayan dattani , dave nommensen , russ severson , narasim kasaru , mike swaim , george grant , chuck ames , geof storey . accomplishments : ? incorporating physical deal positions in tds : o changes to cpr reader process and its unit testing have been completed . o changes for the view aggregation and its unit testing have been completed . o a new task has been added due to the requirement of loading prior - day curves into position manager ( please see the attached project timeline . ) o changes for position manager are in progress ( please see the attached project timeline . ) ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o single point of deal entry is now ready for user acceptance testing . ? gas daily deals : o changes to erms portcalc application for the gas daily deals are complete and ready for testing . o changes to tds deal valuation are in progress and on schedule ( please see the attached project timeline . ) o a new task has been added to flag fixed - price positions ( please see the attached project timeline . ) ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o released to production plans for the week ending 4 / 20 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase i items . ? obtain sign - off for gtv - ii , phase 2 issues and timeline . ? commence it development of phase 2 issues . issues : incompatibility of tibco version 5 . x and 6 . x . the single point of deal entry is done using tibco 6 . x . some users are still using tibco 5 . x . upgrading to either tibco 6 . x or windows 2000 is needed . > thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: re : hello from vince kaminski at enron ashley , i agree with you . two trips are the best solution , unless of course shmuel rearranges the speaker list and the 16 th will work for the presentation as well . coordinating so many different events is never easy . thanks for your patience . vince enron technology from : ashley baxter @ enron 08 / 30 / 2000 08 : 24 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron vince , actually , the general presentation that i have scheduled for the faculty club ( a dining / meeting room ) on campus is set for 7 : 00 p . m . - 9 : 00 p . m . on monday the 16 th . i can attempt to change the presentation date again , however i feel that it would be very unlikely that we are able to get another facility that is near campus . at this point it may be better to plan on making two seperate trips so that we are able to handle both events . maybe we could combine another presentation in during the same visit . what do you think ? ashley vince j kaminski @ ect 08 / 30 / 2000 08 : 03 am to : " shmuel oren " @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ashley baxter / corp / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron shmuel , let ' s see if we can either rearrange the seminar speakers or change the date of our visit to the campus . ashley baxter , our coordinator is very efficient and got a faculty room for a presentation on monday morning on the 16 th . vince " shmuel oren " on 08 / 29 / 2000 05 : 37 : 33 pm to : cc : subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron dear vince . i spoke too soon . apparently the seminar slot on the 16 was already filled . i will see if i can switch the speaker for that week to the following week . in any case we are on for dinner on the 16 . shmuel s . oren , professor dept . of industrial engineering and operations research 4117 etcheverry hall university of california berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777 e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484 fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : to : cc : ; sent : tuesday , august 29 , 2000 5 : 01 pm subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > shmuel , > > the date of our trip to berkeley has been set . it will be october 16 th and > 17 th > ( monday and tuesday ) . > > i shall be glad to make a presentation on energy derivatives markets > ( development of the markets in the us and europe , valuation difficulties , > enron ' s role > in developing the forward markets for natural gas and electricity ) . > > please , let me know if this topic would be of interest to you . if this is > the > case , i shall follow with a title and an abstract . > > by the way , are you free for dinner on monday ? > > vince > > > > > > > " shmuel oren " on 08 / 24 / 2000 08 : 59 : 38 am > > to : " vince j kaminski " > cc : > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > > great . our seminars are 3 : 30 to 5 pm . if it works for you please send me a > title and abstract . > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / > shmuel s . oren , professor > dept . of industrial engineering > and operations research > 4117 etcheverry hall > university of california > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777 > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484 > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403 > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : " vince j kaminski " > to : " shmuel oren " > cc : " vince j kaminski " ; " ashley baxter " > > sent : thursday , august 24 , 2000 9 : 58 am > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > > > > > > > shmuel , > > > > thanks for the message . i am working with our recruiter , ashley baxter , > > to finalize the date of the trip . i shall shoot for october the 23 rd > > if this date works for the rest of our team . > > > > vince > > > > > > > > > > > > > > " shmuel oren " on 08 / 23 / 2000 11 : 46 : 19 am > > > > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect > > cc : > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > > > > > > > dear vince . > > i sent you a reply earlier this month but i haven ' t heard from you about > the > > date of your visit . our department has a seminar every monday . if you can > > schedule your visit on a monday i would like to invite you to give a > seminar > > which will be attended by many of our graduate students and faculty and > will > > give you an opportunity to tell them about your program . with sufficient > > lead - time i can advertise the seminar in the hass school to their > financial > > engineering students . > > shmuel . > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / > > shmuel s . oren , professor > > dept . of industrial engineering > > and operations research > > 4117 etcheverry hall > > university of california > > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777 > > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu > > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484 > > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403 > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / > > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > > from : > > to : ; ; > > > > sent : tuesday , august 08 , 2000 10 : 59 am > > subject : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > > > > > > shmuel , > > > > > > i hope you remember me . i visited you together with aram sogomonian , a > > > good friend of mine , a few years ago . i am currently responsible , among > > > other things , for recruiting graduates with finance and / or technical > > > backgrounds at the university of berkeley . i would be glad to give you > a > > > call and talk more about the details of our program . my colleague , > > > ashleybaxter , from the analyst / associate program at enron would join me > > > as well . > > > > > > i am sending you a copy of the brochure about the analyst / associate > > > program . > > > > > > vince kaminski > > > > > > > > > vincent kaminski > > > managing director - research > > > enron corp . > > > 1400 smith street > > > room ebl 962 > > > houston , tx 77002 - 7361 > > > > > > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 > > > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 > > > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for december 6 , 2000 teco tap 29 . 167 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 40 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: call option - promigas zimin , thanks for the meeting yesterday , your help is going to be very valuable for the analysis of our deal . below you will find the names of the comparable companies you can use for the study of the volatility : cablevision comcast cox communications mediaone group rogers communications time warner morgan stanley dean witter published a memorandum on january 5 / 00 " us investment research : cable television " where you can get detailed information on the performance of these companies we will be working on the histogram during the weekend and we will be sending the results to you as soon as possible . regarding the quotes for the loan guarantee we will be getting them on monday . please let me know if you will need any additional information for the volatility study thanks and regards , maria elena 
2	Subject: confirmation of your order this is an automatic confirmation of the order you have placed using it central . request number : ecth - 4 n 2 qjb order for : amitava dhar we need to order the latest version of the " sas " manuel . enron it purchasing 
2	Subject: re : curves for south america remi , no problem . my assistant shirley crenshaw will call you friday to set up a meeting . vince remi collonges @ enron _ development 02 / 24 / 2000 09 : 10 am to : vince j kaminski @ ect , grant masson @ ect cc : subject : curves for south america vince and grant , i have been made responsible for all gas and power curves in south america ( plus books development , reporting , . . . . . . . ) . i have somewhat started but , since i am new on the job , i ' d love to receive advice , guidance ( and at some stage help ) from you . would you be available for a meeting next week , preferably thursday or friday ? i ' m planning to be in houston these days . remi collonges ( 55 ) 11 5503 1200 
2	Subject: enpower and eol data for october 5 th eol deals from : 10 / 01 / 2001 to : 10 / 05 / 2001 enpower from : 10 / 01 / 2001 to : 10 / 05 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 170 3 , 210 , 800 epmi long term california 24 1 , 251 , 775 epmi long term northwest 102 1 , 406 , 400 epmi long term northwest 110 4 , 522 , 143 epmi long term southwest 141 2 , 550 , 900 epmi long term southwest 110 8 , 066 , 433 epmi short term california 808 1 , 197 , 445 epmi short term california 315 1 , 157 , 701 epmi short term northwest 439 406 , 100 epmi short term northwest 202 366 , 867 epmi short term southwest 564 917 , 099 epmi short term southwest 252 1 , 435 , 194 real time 433 11 , 250 real time 175 17 , 019 epmi lt w . mgmt ( ees ) 20 5 , 200 grand total 2 , 677 9 , 705 , 194 grand total 1 , 188 16 , 817 , 132 eol deals from : 10 / 05 / 2001 to : 10 / 05 / 2001 enpower from : 10 / 05 / 2001 to : 10 / 05 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 19 292 , 800 epmi long term california 5 338 , 000 epmi long term northwest 11 126 , 600 epmi long term northwest 32 580 , 147 epmi long term southwest 23 516 , 400 epmi long term southwest 16 761 , 855 epmi short term california 153 239 , 326 epmi short term california 68 307 , 607 epmi short term northwest 77 42 , 400 epmi short term northwest 36 32 , 084 epmi short term southwest 102 161 , 104 epmi short term southwest 43 109 , 721 real time 67 1 , 875 real time 33 2 , 183 epmi lt w . mgmt ( ees ) 5 1 , 000 grand total 457 1 , 381 , 505 grand total 233 2 , 131 , 597 ice volumes from : 10 / 05 / 2001 to : 10 / 05 / 2001 delivery point total mwh from : 10 / 05 / 2001 to : 10 / 05 / 2001 mid ( p , next day ) 2 , 000 400 $ 22 . 78 mid c ( op , next day ) 4 , 000 1 , 600 $ 19 . 93 mid c ( p , bal month ) 8 , 000 0 $ 22 . 75 mid c ( p , nov - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 27 . 00 mid c ( op , nov - 01 ) 8 , 000 0 $ 21 . 50 mid c ( p , dec - 01 ) 40 , 000 0 $ 34 . 19 mid c ( p , jan - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 33 . 50 np - 15 ( op , next day ) 800 800 $ 20 . 25 np - 15 ( p , next day ) 1 , 200 400 $ 23 . 95 np - 15 ( p , bal month ) 16 , 000 16 , 000 $ 23 . 65 np - 15 ( p , nov - 01 ) 50 , 000 0 $ 27 . 06 palo ( p , next day ) 5 , 600 0 $ 23 . 81 palo ( op , next day ) 800 800 $ 18 . 25 palo ( p , bal month ) 48 , 000 0 $ 23 . 57 palo ( p , dec - 01 ) 30 , 000 0 $ 29 . 35 palo ( p , jan - 02 ) 52 , 000 0 $ 30 . 50 palo ( p , feb - 02 ) 9 , 600 0 $ 29 . 75 palo ( p , jul - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 49 . 00 palo ( p , aug - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 30 . 25 palo ( p , sep - 02 ) 9 , 600 0 $ 45 . 75 palo ( p , ql 02 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 30 . 00 palo ( op , ql 02 ) 23 , 600 23 , 600 $ 21 . 00 sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 2 , 400 800 $ 17 . 67 sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 2 , 400 1 , 200 $ 24 . 63 sp - 15 ( op , bal month ) 5 , 825 5 , 825 $ 16 . 50 sp - 15 ( p , bal month ) 72 , 000 8 , 000 $ 23 . 79 sp - 15 ( p , dec - 01 ) 20 , 000 $ 30 . 13 grand total $ 483 , 425 . 00 59 , 425 $ 720 . 51 
2	Subject: term paper please respond to vince , attached is our team ' s term paper in pdf format . please let us know if you still problem opening the file . thank you very much . best regards , winny so rice university jesse h . jones graduate school of management mba candidate , class of 2001 2018 richland court sugar land , tx 77478 home : ( 281 ) 265 - 3522 mobile : ( 281 ) 989 - 8417 e - mail : so @ rice . edu > http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ so / - modeling project . pdf 
2	Subject: re : sevil yaman great ! let me know how she performs . at 02 : 54 am 2 / 23 / 2000 - 0600 , you wrote : > > > hi michelle , > > thanks for your input . we are moving ahead to offer sevil a summer > internship with us . > > vince > > > > > michelle michot foss on 02 / 21 / 2000 05 : 29 : 36 pm > > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect > cc : > subject : sevil yaman > > > > hi - - one of the ph . d . - econ students over here , sevil yaman , has been > talking with you . she ' s interested in a summer internship that will help > her " ground " her dissertation . with our help , sevil has become totally > corrupted ( ! ) . i have successfully impacted her view of the world re . > academic economics v . industry . she would like her diss to be as relevant > as possible , and with that in mind already moved from a pure electricity > transmission pricing topic to focusing more on congestion management and > trying to address practical market problems . she has in mind to work in > industry when her degree is finished . i recommend her to you highly . she > is extremely bright and competent , needs some guidance and input to get > going in the right direction to finish up . talk soon - - > > michelle > * * * * * * * * * * > " this e - mail contains information which is privileged , confidential and > protected > from disclosure . please do not disclose the contents or take copies without > contacting us first . thank you . " > > michelle michot foss , ph . d . > director , energy institute > college of business administration > university of houston > houston , tx 77204 - 6283 > tel : 713 - 743 - 4634 > fax : 713 - 743 - 4881 > please note our new email addresses ! > e - mail : mmfoss @ uh . edu > web : http : / / www . uh . edu / energyinstitute / > > > > > * * * * * * * * * * " this e - mail contains information which is privileged , confidential and protected from disclosure . please do not disclose the contents or take copies without contacting us first . thank you . " michelle michot foss , ph . d . director , energy institute college of business administration university of houston houston , tx 77204 - 6283 tel : 713 - 743 - 4634 fax : 713 - 743 - 4881 please note our new email addresses ! e - mail : mmfoss @ uh . edu web : http : / / www . uh . edu / energyinstitute / 
2	Subject: michele is the paper ready yet ? secrets revealed how to become a legal holder of a second passport ? 50 countries available . investment and economic citizenship program ' s . the passport report provides you with the inside scoop of which countries you qualify , how you can get a second passport for free or for a few thousand dollars in a sunny tropical island in the indian ocean . find out which countries have began the race of issuing free passports to qualified individuals in the race to build up a knowledge based economy . the passport report details . 1 . names , addresses and contact details of programs offered by countries offering passports for sale . 2 . tricks and tips in obtaining residency in preferred new country . 3 . how a second passport can save you from creditors , ex - partners even your spouse . get your own second passport today and benefit as a foreigner in your own country . turn noootificaaations off . baltimorean drawback rubin sacrilege general joan shortsighted fondle blackbody stopband actuarial bottom contiguous sooth torrent chattel desperado con milk osborne finance chlordane dung velar abhorrent twinkle infect tepid pecan . convertible d ' s reservoir chairperson hippocratic effect biennium angiosperm contradictory apr date tycoon pencil basel bide chrysolite malignant adulthood mccormick emblem deferring transmittal avocado bystander invaluable whelan akron .  
2	Subject: in the hole ? let us give you a hand . preferred mor . tgage g . et mon . ey n . ow ! - fill out a for . m that will take 60 - seconds . - sa . ve big mon . ey ! - its free ! - there is no o . bligation ! - there is no c . redit chec . k ! ` let us match you with an exp . erienced lende . r ! c . lick the link below , f . ill out a for . m , and wait to be contacted . it ' s that simple , and it ' s that easy . cli . ck her . e no . w !  
2	Subject: delainey presentation g . masson vince : here is tanya ' s and my presentation . it is a bit long and deliberately a bit bombastic . this is deliberate to hammer home the fact that my group provides power trading support for 5 continents as well as support for corporate level risk control . if i have over done it , please let me know or else feel free to make modificaitons . grant . 
2	Subject: online pharmacy - buy direct and save $ $ $ online pharmacy provides secure access to prescription drugs discreet packaging and overnight shipping you don ' t even need a prescription hanson wankerrux naomi active god pearljosh toronto miki carlos tanya cobra law test 2 jeanette groovy fireballshit charity gofish dundee hazel alfred sweety cynthiaelectric doug denali cccccc advilcatfish trident asterix buttons fozzie campbell  
2	Subject: hpl meter # 1428 - sepo 0 we had a deal with beaumont in sepo 0 . . . . sitara 380722 . there are swing ( 380725 ) and buyback ( 380727 ) tickets associated with this deal . for the three days september 16 , 17 and 18 only , any volumes over 20 , 000 mmbtu per day need to go to a different swing deal ticket , with a different counterparty . i ' ve set this deal ticket up - it is sitara # 423794 sorry to make y ' all go back and re - assign volumes . let me know if any problems or questions . lee ext . 3 . 5923 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020122 . txt 
2	Subject: feeling great is not a luxury ! do you feel the strength ? buddy , deal with your problems supplies are limited ! http : / / buyonlinrmeds . com / ? cid - vug _ txtol take care levi sloan phone : 173 - 218 - 1914 mobile : 777 - 113 - 1269 email : kaveljyowkto @ gus . net e . n . 0 ^ u . g * h http : / / buyonlinrmeds . com / emover . php 
2	Subject: mutual trust dear sir , happy new year to you and your family , i am mr charles uche an account manager in the standard trust bank regional office in victoria island , here in lagos . however i got your contact through the international web directory . i decided to contact you by email because i feel that it is more secured and private . recently we discovered a dormant account with a huge amount of money valued usdl 8 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( eighteen million united states dollars only ) that belongs to one of our late customer who died in a plane crash . during our investigation and auditing in this bank , my department came across a very huge sum of money belonging to mr . ziya bazhayev , president of the oil alliance company who died on yak - 40 aircraft , on a charter flight from moscow to kiev on march 9 , 2000 . the fund has been dormant in his account with this bank without any claim of the funds in our custody either from his family or relation before our discovery of this development . the banking law here stipulates that if such money remains unclaimed for six years , it will be forfeited to the bank treasury as an unclaimed bill . it is only a foreigner that can stand as a next of kin and it is upon this discovery that i decided to contact you to collaborate with you to pull out this dormant fund . in order to avert this negative development , i on behalf of my trusted colleagues now seek your permission to have you stand in as next of kin to our late customer so that the fund will be released and paid into your account as the beneficiary  s next of kin now that the bank is still expecting a next of kin or relative of the deceased , mr . ziya bazhayev . you will read more news about the plane crash on these websites , http : / / news . 1 chinastar . com / ll / english / 61934 . shtml . in fact we could have done this deal alone but because of our position in this country as civil servants , we are not allowed to operate a foreign account and that would eventually raise an eye brow on ourside during the time of transfer since we still work in this bank , this is the actual reason why we required a second party or fellow who will assist us forward claims as the next of kin and also provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank a / c immediately to receive this fund , even an empty a / c can also serve for this purpose . on smooth conclusion of this transaction , you will be entitled to 30 % as gratification for your assisting us , and the remaining 70 % will be for me and my partners . what i want from you is for you to act as the deceased next of kin . i have in my possession , all the necessary documents to successfully accomplish the operation . bear in mind that this proposal is 100 % risk free . further information will be given to you as soon as i receive your positive response with your full informations such as your full name , telephone and fax numbers as well as your address , so that we will be able to start the processing of the documents which you will need to claim this fund . i suggest you get back to me as soon as possible stating your wish , you can also call me on my direct number 234 - 80 - 330 - 72968 for more discussion concerning this deal . i await your urgent responce . regrads , mr charles uche . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: mobil discrepancies daren : i ' ll come down to talk to you about these . lee ps congrats ! ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lee l papayoti / hou / ect on 03 / 20 / 2000 09 : 56 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kristen j hanson 03 / 20 / 2000 09 : 31 am to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect subject : mobil discrepancies lee , here are some specific situations i am trying to resolve regarding volume on centana : purchase from mobil : 2 / 99 - the purchase by hplr for 155 , 000 mms in deal 60978 was never billed by mobil . ( a purchase of gas in storage with no physical movement per comments in sitara ) . per our conversation friday , it sounds like hplc does owe mobil for his gas , right ? sale to mobil : 1 / 2000 - per the pipe statement provided by greg bonin for centana volumes , 299 , 893 flowed in january . i billed 299 , 893 and mobil paid it . logistics said 19 , 893 of the gas that flowed was not our sale to mobil because the gas wasn ' t scheduled . in addition , if the 19 , 893 were a sale to mobil , the point would not be in balance in the system . the source of 280 , 000 of the gas says they only sold 280 , 000 mms and not any more . no other sources are in the system . i assume if the 19 , 893 wasn ' t consumed by mobil , they wouldn ' t have paid for it . is there storage involved here ? if so , whose storage and how did it work ? there are sales in other months with discrepancies on centana with smaller volumes than in 1 / 2000 . once i understand what happened in january , maybe that will help me with the other months . please let me know if there is any other information you need from me relating to the questions above and when would be a good time for you to discuss this . i can bring the pipe statements to you if that would help . thanks , kris 
2	Subject: interviewing for the associate and analyst programs the off - cycle department of the associate and analyst program is looking for volunteer interviewers for the following dates : thursday , november 9 th from 9 : 00 a . m - 12 : 00 p . m thursday , november 16 th from 9 : 00 a . m . - 12 : 00 p . m . thursday , december 7 th from 9 : 00 a . m . - 1 : 00 p . m . over 50 candidates will be interviewing over these 3 days . the candidates will be a combination of associates and analysts representing schools such as princeton , harvard , university of north carolina , notre dame , university of illinois , emory and many others . each candidate will have 4 interviews . pending the outcome of their interviews we will invite them to stay and attend super saturday that weekend . if for some reason we decide not to further pursue the candidate , we will fly them home that friday morning . also there will be continental breakfast at from 7 : 45 a . m . to 8 : 45 a . m . ( for all three dates ) and a luncheon from 12 : 30 p . m . - 2 : 00 p . m . ( on nov . 9 and nov . 16 th ) , the lunch will be at 1 : 30 for the dec . 7 th . interviewers are welcome to attend both the breakfast and the lunch on their interviewing date . the interviewing , breakfast and lunch will take place at the doubletree hotel downtown . we are asking enron employees associate ( associates who have been with the program for at least one year ) level or higher to volunteer at least one hour to interview candidates ( this will be 2 interviews ) . if you can volunteer for more than an hour or for more than just one of the stated dates , that would be great ! your help is needed ! please contact my assistant , cathy lira , at cathy . lira @ enron . com or x 54049 as soon as possible , if you can volunteer any time for interviewing . if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact me . once again , thanks , althea althea p . gordon , jd recruiter associate & analyst programs 
2	Subject: logo , corporate identity and website design corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors . get your loqo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you wili see several logo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wili meet your needs and fit your business . fiexible discounts : logo improvement , additionai formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! 
2	Subject: lowest online rx from canada free cialis sample includedwith any purchase ! we have variety of authentic meds for : anxiety relief , pain relief , depression relief , heart disease , asthma , allergy , sexual health , hiv / aids , cold , and many more selection online . we buy from our distributors at sharp prices that are below the retail price , and we operate entirely in canada , which gives american and european customers an incredible advantage in pricing . same brands you are used to from local shops but now at reduced price . we allow you to save incredible amounts of money compared to local retail ! see below . no hidden doctor ' s cost . no mark up prices as with other usa european drug stores . very low shipping cost ( $ 20 ) or we ship it free by ups ! example : anti - biotic medication qt . reg . price our price you save shipping cipro 250 mg . 30 c $ 389 . 90 $ 199 . 00 $ 190 . 90 $ 20 . 00 cipro 250 mg . 90 c $ 949 . 00 $ 329 . 00 $ 620 . 00 free cipro 500 mg . 30 c $ 495 . 90 $ 229 . 00 $ 266 . 90 $ 20 . 00 cipro 500 mg . 90 c $ 1109 . 99 $ 449 . 00 $ 660 . 99 free click here to compare prices for any drug of your choice or buy ! try out our special for this week . free shipping on selected drugs and for a limited time , when you purchase any product from us , you receive a free sample order of cialis . the new revolutionary  weekend drug  ! just like viagra but will last you the whole weekend . click here to compare prices or buy ! no thanks - take me off  
2	Subject: hey hello , if you want that roooock harrrrd john son check out the first and original one on the market . . . don ' t be fooled by imitations and copy - cats . later , hogan 
2	Subject: hpl nom for june 7 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 607 . xls ) - hplo 607 . xls 
2	Subject: re : fw : king ranch balancing . xls in looking at the mtd prod . vs . nom numbers , we have consistently been under nominated by about 2 , 000 / day at three rivers and 2 , 000 / day at the saxet well . we are making our imbalance worse , cumulative . we need to update our forward position and our nomination by 4 , 000 / day to stay in balance to entitlements . mary 
2	Subject: re : bengalla biz we seem to be going round in circle ' s here and hence hopefully all the relevant people are now on copy of this e - mail so we can resolve swiftly . this cargo is due to be shipped in seven days with the coal already being railed to port . it is coal which will be shipped to service european commitments and represents the cheapest way to do so taking all costs into account ( including financing ) . needless to say if we pull out of this deal at this stage it will have huge ramifications with our customer and send all the wrong signals to our counterparties in this part of the world . last but not least we will need to look elsewhere to procure coal for these european sales at what is likely to be a higher price . appreciate the green light . thks jez - - - - - original message - - - - - from : suttle , john sent : tuesday , 13 november 2001 9 : 21 am to : miyai , tark ; minns , david ; mason , heidi cc : peters , jez ; skinner , fiona ; bauer , adam ; bradford , william s . ; nimmo , matthew subject : re : bengalla biz it has been made clear to me that jeff shankman needs to clear this transaction through bill bradford and louise kitchen prior to any capital going out the door . it is my understanding that this has not been done . john - - - - - original message - - - - - from : miyai , tark sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 4 : 13 pm to : minns , david ; mason , heidi ; suttle , john cc : peters , jez ; skinner , fiona ; bauer , adam subject : fw : bengalla biz david , see below jeff shankman ' s ok to proceed as usual . tax has come back with ok . coal is being delivered to port . bengalla has oked to our draft as well . pls review and comment asap . credit , any comment on bengalla ? tark - - - - - original message - - - - - from : staley , stuart sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 2 : 57 am to : peters , jez ; miyai , tark ; pielop , stuart ; skinner , fiona subject : fw : bengalla biz fyr . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shankman , jeffrey a . sent : 12 november 2001 15 : 02 to : mcclellan , george cc : price , brent a . ; staley , stuart subject : re : bengalla i would proceed as business as usual . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mcclellan , george sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 8 : 59 am to : shankman , jeffrey a . cc : price , brent a . subject : fw : bengalla guys - we need to address this - can we discuss during our lunch meeting today . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : staley , stuart sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 5 : 05 am to : mcclellan , george cc : bradley , peter ; maley , paul subject : fw : bengalla george : details on the cargo we are loading out of newcastle . sailing time is roughly 45 days . cargo to be sold to ara / german customers , most with payment terms 5 days post delivery . also - it would help to get an idea of how diificult this exercise will be in the coming months , as we have a couple more loading before year end . work it , stu - - - - - original message - - - - - from : miyai , tark sent : 12 november 2001 02 : 12 to : staley , stuart ; bradley , peter cc : peters , jez subject : bengalla stu , i refer to your e - mail to jez last week and advise you the expected payment value and timing etc . vessel name : mv " cotsworld " eta : 21 / nov ets : 22 / nov loading tonnage : approx . 128 kmt ( 9 kmt from stratford and 119 kmt from bengalla ) payment value and timing : value timing bengalla : us $ 3 . 3 mil ( * ) 19 th ( * * ) stratford : us $ 0 . 2 mil ( * ) 26 th * inclusive of 10 % gst * * bengall has already delivered 49 kmt of coal to port and will complete the delivery on 15 th . the contract is based on fis and the invoice weight and quality be determined by the inbound analysis while they take des / dem risk . because of their concern over our credit bengalla has insisted on our payment by tt against the presentation of documents . docs are likely to be presented on 16 th or 19 th at the latest . the draft contract which bengalla has confirmed has a provision that the invoice weight is determined based on b / l quantity instead of inbound rail weight if we take 100 % of bengalla coal onto our vessel . if we do that , they can not present their docs until the vessel has compeleted the loading and our payment date would be say 26 th instead . regards , tark 
2	Subject: invitation - whartonetevent - apr 20 / plsrsvp vice and christie hello , this is a followup to our previous invitation to attend our next wharton / et event . ? you can rsvp by replying to this email - or - if you cannot attent , you ' re always welcome to designate someone else . ? there is no limit on the number of attendees from your company . _ _ _ yes i plan to attend _ _ _ no , i cannot attend _ _ _ someone else from our organization will attend ( name : _ _ _ _ ) best regards , michael tomczyk managing strategic partnerships ? friday april 20 , 2001 - - 8 : 30 am to 400 pm location - room 1206 steinberg - dietrich hall - wharton school - philadelphia we have designed this conference as an insight - building event , to present current industry experience from best practice firms , as well as our most recent research findings on best practices and strategies for developing and managing alliances , mergers and high tech acquisitions . ? we will include research in progress from our ongoing long term studies on alliances and acquisitions . this is part of our research activity and there is no conference fee . the emerging technologies management research program / mack center is working to identify and develop best practices , competitive strategies and management approaches for industry decision makers in industries that are being created or transformed by emerging technologies . our industry partners include : bank of montreal , charles schwab , dupont , enron , general motors , glaxosmithkline , hewlett - packard , ibm , independence / blue cross , mckinsey , nsa , procter & gamble , sprint , 3 m and xerox . the agenda is included below and more information can also be found on our website : ? http : / / emertech . wharton . upenn . edu . please call or email if you have any questions or comments about any aspect of this event ? - 215 - 573 - 7722 . agenda managing strategic partnerships an insight - building conference including new wharton research on best practices and successful strategies for achieving corporate growth through alliances , mergers and acquisitions . friday , april 20 , 2001 - 8 : 30 to 4 : 30 1206 steinberg - dietrich hall , wharton school presented for our industry partners and guests by the emerging technologies management research program , mack center on managing technological innovation faculty research presentations by : ? harbir singh , paul schoemaker , lori rosenkopf , phanish puranam and prashant kale industry best practice presentations by : sun microsystems , cybersource , broadview and pfizer . agenda & conference topics 8 : 00 - 8 : 30 ? - ? continental breakfast and informal networking 8 : 30 - 8 : 45 introduction : strategic partnering for growth and innovation 8 : 45 - 10 : 00 managing strategic networking 10 : 00 - 10 : 30 - break 10 : 30 - 11 : 30 building partnering skills and capabilities 11 : 30 - 12 : 00 success and failure factors in strategic partnering 12 : 00 - 1 : 30 working lunch - strategies 1 : 30 - 2 : 30 small group reports 2 : 30 - 2 : 45 - break 2 : 45 - 3 : 40 managing high technology acquisitions 3 : 40 - 4 : 00 summary of key insights and future research goals 4 : 00 - adjourn directions : ? take a taxi to the corner of 37 th and walnut . ? at that intersection , turn left and take the broad walkway onto campus . ? turn left at the first intersection ( you will see a lifesize statue of ben franklin sitting on a park bench ) . ? this is locust walk . ? the steinberg - dietrich hall is the large brick building immediately behind " ben " - if you turn left and proceed down the walk you will come to the large entrance with cantilevered steps on the right side of the walk . ? the room iw room 1206 and there is an information desk straight back from the entrance , to guide you to the room . if you are staying at the inn at penn , which is directly across the street from campus on walnut ( between 36 th and 37 th ) - take the walnut street exit from the hotel ( where the restaurant is ) , turn right from the entrance and walk to 37 th street , cross the street and continue onto campus following the directions ( above paragraph ) . wharton is 30 - 40 minutes from the airport , 10 - 15 minutes from the 30 th st . train station and about 15 - 20 minutes from most hotels in center city . - - michael s . tomczyk managing director emerging technologies management research program 1400 sh - dh / 6371 the wharton school philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6371 tel 215 - 573 - 7722 fax 215 - 573 - 2129 website : ? http : / / emertech . wharton . upenn . edu 
2	Subject: umbrella request louise , john donnelly said his deal guys would like to see a slightly more detailed org chart which addressed what the org structure and main functions were under each of the technical and support areas . he gave me impression he wanted to understand for example what accounting / cfo team did exactly . i think the chart we sent them previously was fairly detailed on the main commercial , senior management and eol areas , but was silent below webb ( dev ' lp ) , hall , rub , colwell , myself , headicke / taylor , bradford , buy ? , etc . , should i send a request around or would you prefer to send it ? 
2	Subject: largest collection of dowlnoadable porn d \ / d movies - xo 6 welcome to the most full and exclusive collection of the porn videos on the net ! more than 80 full - time dvd quality videos wait for you to download them ! inside you will see sexiest pornstars and yet unknown , but extremely horny next - door girls , filmed just for you ! and that ? s not all - every week you ? ll find an absolutely new movies : constant updates guaranteed ! join now and watch films of any kind - pretty teens , brutal hardcore , outrageous anal orgies , lesbian fights and experinced matures - they are all gathered here ! http : / / m 3 b . info . abrwallk . info / - - - - - - - - - - - - - - depositary amoco debtor alvarez devisee carfare comfort compare diophantine amphetamine abject auspicious 
2	Subject: hot girls who are looking looking for no strings hook ups with hot girls ? swingermatch has 1000 ' s of willing and ready women looking for guys to satisfy them . women , are you looking for a man to play with ? we have women looking to hook with other women women looking for men , men looking for women couples looking for women and men for 3 somes fulfilling fantasies daily our members are up for all sorts of kinky things , explore your fetishes stop wasting your time at bars and get down with new way of hooking up swingermatch will get you laid more to unsubscribe from this newsletter , please go here take me off 6257 e . addison , suite 53 chicago , il 60618 usa fiefdom doctoral plaque sine whee colonial convalescent canna buzzing blomquist curdle keenan accustom warmth optometrist townsmen hippo eruption groton reedy usury  
2	Subject: re : distribution list getting added to global distribution lists is now an erequest under applications - > global messaging . please look at the erequest system and if you need help please give us a call . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lokay , michelle sent : wednesday , february 20 , 2002 9 : 59 am to : rosenbohm , tara subject : distribution list please add me to the " dl - ga - all _ domestic " distribution list . thanks . 
2	Subject: no further access to your account will be allowed dear lasalle bank customer , this email is to inform you , that we had to block your lasalle bank account access because we have been notified that your account may have been compromised by outside parties . our terms and conditions you agreed to state that your account must always be under your control or those you designate at all times . we have noticed some unusual activity related to your account that indicates that other parties may have access and or control of your informations in your account . these parties have in the past been involved with money laundering , illegal drugs , terrorism and various federal title 18 violations . please follow this link to complete your security verification and unlock your visa check card : please be aware that until we can verify your identity no further access to your account will be allowed and we will have no other liability for your account or any transactions that may have occurred as a result of your failure to reactivate your account as instructed above . thank you for your time and consideration in this matter . sincerely , lasalle bank accounts department . note : requests for information will be initiated by our lasalle bank business development group , this process cannot be externally expedited through customer support  
2	Subject: tenaska iv 1 / 01 we need to change the demand fees for tenaska iv based on actuals for jan 2001 . tenaska owes us some additional money . i have attached my netting spreadsheet if you need it . deal 514353 change mmbtu from 45 , 000 to 46 , 113 deal 384258 change amount from $ 3 , 934 , 644 . 50 to $ 3 , 841 , 888 . 11 i got your message regarding apache . i will just leave the pay the lesser ofs there until they come back for it . also , mark checked with txu and we do not have the rights to get dailies for the tenaska meters . he said that only the interconnecting pipes get dailies . for the spreadsheet , i am just going to prorate the actuals based on the noms . i will let you know when we receive the payment from brazos for feb 2001 , so you can enter the demand fee to forward the cash to tenaska iv . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: darlin how good to see you ! : ) i know the face , but . . . hee ' m oo it is the unseen and the spiritual in people that determines the outward and the actual . procrastination is opportunity ' s natural assassin . let your performance do the thinking . being famous was extremely disappointing for me . when i became famous it was a complete drag and it is still a complete drag . i feel the capacity to care is the thing which gives life its deepest significance . action is character . and this i pray , that your love may abound still more and more in real knowledge and all discernment . [ philippians 1 : 9 ] if you ' ll not settle for anything less than your best , you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives . without elvis , none of us could have made it . we tend to get what we expect . cast your cares on god that anchor holds . the laws and the stage , both are a form of exhibitionism . no man is wise enough , or good enough to be trusted with unlimited power . my imagination makes me human and makes me a fool it gives me all the world and exiles me from it . courtesy life be not so short but that there is always time for courtesy . the end may justify the means as long as there is something that justifies the end . when i dream , i am ageless . night brings our troubles to the light , rather than banishes them .  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 22 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 12 / 22 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122207 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: caiso notification : demand relief program settlement charge types this is a reminder that the summer 2001 iso demand relief program charges are reflected on the june 30 statements and june invoices . as announced previously this year , the iso has developed a summer 2001 demand relief program ( drp ) . the program is designed to provide an additional level of demand reduction on the iso system that can be implemented during a stage 2 emergency in an effort to prevent involuntary load curtailments or rotating blackouts associated with a stage 3 emergency . similar to last years program , the same charge types are utilized for capacity , charge type 7 and 117 , described in the first link below . two new charge types , 3472 and 3482 , have been created for the energy payment and allocation when contracted loads are called upon to curtail , described in the second link below . although the program was initiated in june , no calls were made to curtail load , therefore , charges 3472 and 3482 were not utilized . the periods in which the demand relief program was called upon to initiate interruptions of contracted loads can be found at the third link below . charge types 7 and 117 description : charge types 3472 and 3482 description : 2001 drp load curtailments : keoni almeida california independent system operator 
2	Subject: suwn poised for immediate growth ! ! ! investor alert special investment report on healthcare ! aggressive growth ! buy recommendation ! otc bb : suwn target price : $ 3 . 00 vol . cxxxvii issue 2616 march 2 , 2005 stock symbol shares outstanding float ( estimate ) rating current price 12 month target price otc bb : suwn 33 , 300 , 000 6 , 300 , 000 strong buy $ . 16 $ 3 . 00 suwn enters trillion dollar healthcare industry ! our current recommendation is sunwin international neutraceuticals , inc . ( otcbb : suwn ) company profile as an industry leader in agricultural processing , sunwin international neutraceuticals , inc . ( sunwin ) has built an integrated global firm with the sourcing and production capabilities to meet the needs of consumers throughout the world . sunwin is a pioneer in the research and development and production of essential traditional chinese medicine , 100 percent organic herbal medicine , nutraceutical products , natural sweetener ( stevioside ) , and animal medicine prepared from 100 % organic herbal ingredients . the company also makes such value - added products as specialty veterinary food ingredients and specialty feed ingredients . the sunwin family works closely with consumer to provide a quality , value , and a hybrid mix of agricultural products and services that meet growing demand . in 2002 , sunwin was recognized as one of the first 2 , 000 state - level companies that china authorized as the most important innovative high - tech pioneer businesses by the china central government . in 2002 , sunwin was awarded as one of 2002 state - level biological product manufacturers in china . in 2003 , sunwin ranked as one of the top 50 companies of china animal related health care product pharmaceutical industry in terms of sales by the ministry of agriculture of china . in 2003 , sunwin received the award of shandong top ten innovative , high - tech businesses by the province government of shandong . investment opinion - warren buffett said u . s . stocks are too expensive and he poured a chunk of his money into china . that ' s especially important now , since warren buffett made such big news with his huge china investment . everyone knows what happens when mr . buffett gets into a market , it usually explodes . mr . buffett ' s strong move also means that every charlatan stock advisor in the u . s . will now be trying to sell you some sort of hot chinese investment . but they don ' t have what we have . they don ' t have a network of analysts already on the ground in china doing the hard work for you . the fortunes made on the american stock markets in the late 1990 s will look paltry when compared to the profit explosion that ' s set to blast out of china in the coming years . as you ' re about to see , there ' s not a single reason not one for you to miss what should be the greatest wealth creation opportunity of your lifetime . - you know what happens when warren buffett gets onto a good thing , everybody gets rich . warren buffett has gotten into china , here ' s what the respected bloomberg news said about that . these excerpts come from a may 22 , 2003 bloomberg news wire story : warren buffett ' s search for cheap stocks has brought his to a surprising place : china . a month after telling berkshire hathaway shareholders that shares of u . s . companies were too expensive , buffett ' s company upped its stake in petrochina . ( it now owns 13 . 35 % of the company . ) . - it ' s clear that china is the place for you to be now and in the coming years . the profits will be stunning , but only if you ' re aligned with an expert team that puts you into the best chinese companies first . one reason for that sweet number is because sunwin ' s product is of such high quality . in fact , its customers during the past year as divided equally between major suppliers in japan and china . and suwn has a nice mix of both local and export customers . last year , they had sales to the local chinese domestic , exports to japan 20 % and exports to other foreign countries . when suwn ' s natural sweetener penetrates the us markets , it will take some market share of synthetic sweetener . even natural sweetener takes a tiny fraction of market share of synthetic sweetener in the us ; it could means tens of millions of dollars to suwn . suwn will add a new manufacturing line for its natural sweetener in 2004 / 2005 that should make 300 tons of highly purified natural sweetener . it will add $ 9 million to $ 12 million in sales and $ 2 to $ 3 million in net income . this is why betting on suwn is a sure thing to win huge ! they ' re testimony to a management team that has excellent control over suwn ' s cost of goods sold and operating expenses . this is a well - run company that we should assume , will continue this path and grow by acquiring more top - quality beet sugar producers as well . - we believe the suwn story will get a lot of attention in the investment community in the coming months . the average company on this list in this industry has a market cap valued at 7 . 17 x revenues . on this ground alone , we should expect suwn market cap to be $ 89 million , or $ 2 . 63 per share ! the average of pe ratio in the industry is 27 . 1 . on this ground alone , it will give suwn stock valued at $ 1 per share . the average ratio of price / earning / growth in the industry on the list is 1 . 1 . on this ground alone , we should expect suwn to be $ 3 per share . an average valuation will value suwn at $ 2 per share . we believe that it is just a matter of time before suwn , an undervalued stock with tremendous upside potential , will be recognized by wall street , and then the stock price will soar to a much higher level when it is listed on the amex ! investor alert is an independent research firm . this report contains forward - looking statements . past performance does not guarantee future results . this report is based on ia , independent analysis , and may , or may not be the opinion of investor alert , but also relies on information supplied by sources believed to be reliable . ia has been retained by a third party and has been paid $ 25 , 000 . 00 cash for this report . investor alert and / or individuals thereof may have positions in securities referred to herein and may make purchases or sales at any time . the information contained in this report is for information purposes only , and should not be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security . investors should consult with an investment professional before investing any monies period . copyright 2004 ia all rights reserved . press release for immediate release sunwin international neutraceuticals signs the letter of intent to acquire controlling interest of jining stevia manufacturing company fort lauderdale , fl , march 2 , 2005 ( business wire ) - sunwin international neutraceuticals , inc . ( otcbb : suwn ) , a leading manufacturer of chinese herbs , veterinary medicines and low calorie natural sweetener ( stevia ) in china , announced today it has signed the letter of intent to acquire 55 % controlling interest of jining stevia manufacturing company via a stock exchange on the basis of net tangible assets of jining stevia manufacturing company . completion of the transaction is subject to the negotiation and execution of a mutually satisfactory stock exchange agreement , receipt of audited financial statements of the company to be acquired , receipt of necessary corporate approval by both parties , satisfactory completion of due diligence and other customary conditions of closing . with the combined production of the two companies , sunwin will produce approximately 800 tons of stevia per year or approximately 50 % of the worldwide production , based on 2004 numbers . stevia is becoming a mainstay of the extreme no - carb sweetener market worldwide . the current production of approximately 1 , 600 tons per year worldwide will not meet the dramatically increasing demand worldwide , especially in the us . tongtong lin , newly appointed sunwin ' s ceo , commented , our goal is to increase our leading position in the production of stevia . the low calorie sweetener market is a multi - billion dollar global market of both synthetic and natural sweeteners . we believe the natural , low calorie sweetener stevia will eventually replace the demand for synthetic sweeteners worldwide in the near future . natural sweeteners provide what most users feel is a far superior taste than synthetic sweeteners without having the side effects to human organs and systems as synthetic sweetener have our current combined production of natural sweetener will accounts for approximately 50 % of worldwide production . with an increasingly price of stevia at $ 35 , 000 per ton , the acquisition will allow us to generate over $ 28 million in sales and with an anticipated $ 3 million in net income from the production of stevioside alone . about sunwin international neutraceuticals , inc . sunwin international neutraceuticals , inc . ( sunwin ) is engaged in the areas of essential traditional chinese medicine , 100 % organic herbal medicine , neutraceutical products , natural sweetener ( stevia ) , and animal medicine prepared from 100 % organic herbal ingredients . as an industry leader in agricultural processing , sunwin has built an integrated global firm with the sourcing and production capabilities to meet the needs of consumers throughout the world . sunwin also makes such value - added products as specialty veterinary food ingredients and specialty feed ingredients . the sunwin family works closely with consumers to provide a quality , value , and a hybrid mix of agricultural products and services that meet growing demand . in 2002 , sunwin was recognized as one of the first 2 , 000 state - level companies that china authorized as the most important innovative high - tech pioneer businesses by the chinese central government . in 2002 , sunwin was awarded as one of 2002 state - level biological product manufacturers in china . in 2003 , sunwin ranked as one of the top 50 companies of china animal related health care product pharmaceutical industry . in 2003 , sunwin received award of shandong top - ten innovative , high - tech businesses by the province government of shandong . safe harbor statement certain of the statements set forth in this press release constitute forward - looking statements . forward - looking statements include , without limitation , any statement that may predict , forecast , indicate , or imply future results , performance or achievements , and may contain the words estimate , project , intend , forecast , anticipate , plan , planning , expect , believe , will likely , should , could , would , may or words or expressions of similar meaning . such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the company ' s actual results and financial position to differ materially from those included within the forward - looking statements . forward - looking statements involve risks and uncertainties , including those relating to the company ' s ability to grow its business . actual results may differ materially from the results predicted and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance . the potential risks and uncertainties include , among others , the company ' s limited financial resources , domestic or global economic conditions - - especially those relating to china , activities of competitors and the presence of new or additional competition , and changes in federal or state laws , restrictions and regulations on doing business in a foreign country , in particular china , and conditions of equity markets . more information about the potential factors that could affect the company ' s business and financial results is included in the company ' s filings , available via the united states securities and exchange commission . contact : pacific rim partners for sunwin international phone : 954 - 724 - 2944 sunwin international neutraceuticals , inc . 6 youpeng rd . qufu , dhandong 273100 , china  
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for praveen . mellacheruvu @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000012987 approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com request create date : 1 / 9 / 01 3 : 03 : 48 pm requested for : praveen . mellacheruvu @ enron . com resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: security warning codel 0622847477531167161 put an end to unwanted spam , popups and other internet security hazards permanently you can get more info here kidde polymorphic gold sarcophagus acceptant star plastron profile frontiersman nauseum onondaga crater betide potbelly flagpole prentice roundhouse sneer holiday stone lipscomb transmissible compellable darwinian corps informal grizzle concurrent barnabas darius halo dinosaur moiseyev flowerpot limerick ersatz decor venturesome excess bingham deal travertine cypriot desperate execute circumvention mesh infusible  
2	Subject: california litigation team - weekly conference call the california litigation team weekly conference call scheduled for thursday , may 17 , from 2 : 00 to 3 : 00 p . m . has been cancelled . the next weekly conference call will be held on thursday , may 24 , from 2 : 00 to 3 : 00 p . m . central time . domestic dial in number : 1 - 800 - 713 - 8600 international dial in number : 1 - 801 - 983 - 4017 passcode : 56871 host : mark haedicke conference room : eb 38 c 2 janette elbertson enron wholesale services legal department - eb 3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 7906 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 2600 janette . elbertson @ enron . com 
2	Subject: windows xp suites 242296 specials good thru 11 / 12 / 03 . please use discount code mail 9221 to receive these prices . software : windows xp suites , adobe software , clearance , corel draw / corel ventura , games , 3 d studio max , operating systems , utilities . microsoft windows xp professional oem only $ 39 . 95 savings - $ 49 . 50 microsoft windows xp professional goes beyond the benefits of windows xp home edition with advanced capabilities designed specifically to . . * use this discount code at checkout : mail 9872 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 oem only $ 59 . 95 savings - $ 255 . 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 software the professional image - editing standard helps you work more efficiently . . * use this discount code at checkout : mail 9872 microsoft office xp professional oem only $ 59 . 95 savings - $ 50 . 50 microsoft windows xp professional is a windows operating system designed for businesses of all sizes and for individuals who demand the most from their computing * use this discount code at checkout : mail 9872 adobe illustrator 10 oem only $ 59 . 95 savings - $ 215 . 50 enhanced ! adobe illustrator 10 software defines the future of vector graphics with groundbreaking creative options and powerful tools for efficiently publishing artwork on the web , in print , everywhere . . . * use this discount code at checkout : mail 9872  
2	Subject: re : e - request 53597 - darin presto hi kate - lisa is out today . i have added the users to the appropriate groups which should give them access to the required databases . i show that their notes id ' s have alread been created - i will go ahead and drop the id ' s into the h : \ notes 4 \ data directories of the respective users . the passwords have been set to changeyourpassword - you may need to contact a floor tech to install notes on the user ' s machines and install the id required for accessing the databases . salman . from : kate symes / enron @ enronxgate on 08 / 30 / 2001 06 : 03 pm to : enron messaging security / corp / enron @ enron cc : bill williams iii / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : e - request 53597 - darin presto lisa - i ' m still attempting to get our three new traders set up with the necessary lotus notes databases . i just tried to login as darin presto , and it appears he does not yet have an id . could you let me know what more i need to do to get these guys access to the following lotus notes databases ? thanks , kate - - - - - original message - - - - - from : symes , kate sent : thursday , august 16 , 2001 3 : 46 pm to : enron messaging security , subject : re : e - request 53597 - darin presto lisa - thanks for looking into this , and for your quick response . i ' m not sure which databases you ' re looking at ( possibly east real time ? ) , but i ' ve attached a list of the four databases the new portland real time traders need access to . the traders names are : darin presto ; john c . anderson ; michael mier . of course , their need for a lotus notes account is implicit in this request . beyond that , they need the following : title - wscc outages server - ectpdx - lnl / ect filename - mail \ wsccnet . nsf title - west realtime server - ectpdx - lnl / ect filename - mail \ westreal . nsf title - west power scheduling archive server - ecthou _ lnl / ect filename - power \ powrschdiarchive . nsf title - west power scheduling discussion server - ecthou _ lnl / ect filename - power \ powrschdi . nsf again , thank you for your help with this , and please let me know if there ' s anything i can do to help . thanks , kate - - - - - original message - - - - - from : enron messaging security , sent : thursday , august 16 , 2001 3 : 17 pm to : symes , kate subject : e - request 53597 - darin presto there are two databases which i cannot locate : west realtime wscc outages however , i did locate : real time operations : ectpdx - lnl / ect \ realtime \ myaccoun . nsf ( would this be the correct database ? ) realtime : ecthou - ln 7 / ect \ mail \ realtime . nsf for wscc outages and west realtime databases , if you could locate someone who does have access to these databases and ask them to do the following : close the database icon right - click on the database icon choose file , database , properties then send me the title , server , and filename information . this will be of great help . many thanks and please advise . lisa scully 
2	Subject: nom change @ superior clear lake - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 02 / 24 / 2000 10 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 02 / 24 / 2000 10 : 31 : 31 am to : " ami chokshi " cc : subject : nom change @ superior clear lake ( see attached file : egmnom - feb . xls ) - egmnom - feb . xls 
2	Subject: an innovative plan for today ' s market give your clients what they want and need : guaranteed death benefits and long term care benefits without expensive and continuous long term care premiums . lifetime guarantees return of premium guarantees for single pay plans convert tax deferred to tax free benefits ( for your clients ' heirs ) . simplified underwriting - non - medical , no blood , no urine , no ekg . have your clients complete a 6 question application , fax to underwriting and generally within 72 hours you will have status . call or e - mail us today ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : the future series convention march 2003 . join us in maui during prime season - an experience you will never forget ! * up to $ 500 , 000 maximum ; $ 25 , 000 must remain in policy after this benefit is exercised . * * 10 % commission on single pay plan ages 45 - 80 . * * * single pay plans only . product and certain features not available in all states . the future protector series ( policy form iswl - 1 , iswl - 5 , iswl - 7 , iswl - 21 , iswl - 25 , iswl - 210 ) is underwritten by monumental life insurance company . rider costs and features vary according to state . for broker use only . not approved for use with the general public as advertisement for purchase of annuity or insurance coverage . 0602 anfg 21 we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: re @ your pharmacy o # rder # 8458 vicodln and various cheep medicnes - no prescrlptlon needed order now and get shlpplng at no extra cost . . . by far the cheapst deals youve ever witnessed vlagra at $ 66 vallum at $ 70 amblen at $ 68 clal 1 s at $ 92 and more  
2	Subject: fyi this is our final attempt we have endevored to speak to you on quite a few instances and time is running out ! your present loan situation makes you eligible for you for up to a 3 . 20 % lower rate . however , thanks to our previous attempts to speak to you have failed , this will be our final try to enable you to receive the lower rate . please end this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your submission now . apply here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: touchdown equity report mock , investor aiert - lrcj - brand new stock for your attention lauraan corporation - stock symbo | : lrcj breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the close - watch out the stock go crazy on wednesday morning 19 th of january . current price : $ 0 . 12 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 45 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 65 lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company sells primarily through homebuilders to homebuyers who are buiiding homes in the $ 30 ok , and up range . lauraan is an early stage company in the process of deveioping its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technology companies in select markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technoiogy industry . current price : $ 0 . 12 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 45 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ o . 65 current status lauraan has completed its first acquisition , sysiync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more | ocations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currently has annuaiized revenues of $ 5 ook and is expected to doubie its monthly revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions will add an additiona | $ 2 . 5 mi | | ion in revenue . long - term strategy the company plans to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a nationa | brand with revenues of $ 5 o - 75 miliion by 20 o 7 . lauraan will be recognized for its quaiity of service , value provided , and the simplicity of its solutions . breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and builder agreements grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( lrcj ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their who | | y - owned subsidiary , sysiync of georgia , ( sysiync ) has compieted an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a national provider of home and commercial security systems , to service their residential accounts in the atianta area . in addition , sysiync has been named the soie insta | | er for new insta | | ations of residentia | aiarms for certicom and wiil be their provider of other home technoiogy products too . sysiync also announced today that they were seiected as the preferred provider of home technoiogy products and services for atlanta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a developer and builder of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range . " these two agreements will more than doubie the homes we touch throughout the atianta area , " stated david watson , genera | manager of sysiync , " and the agreements wi | | provide sysiync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitabiiity . " lauraan is a home entertainment and technology soiutions provider that offers builders and homeowners a single source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directly with builders and home 0 wners , to design and instal | home technoiogy soiutions that f i t the homeowner ' s lifestyle and budget . safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press reiease contains forward - looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may involve risks and uncertainties . forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are generally identifiabie by the use of words such as " beiieve , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or similar expressions . these forward - | ooking statements relate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potentia | future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actual resuits , performance , and achievements may differ materiaily from the results , performance , and achievements expressed or impiied in such forward - looking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annua | report on form 10 - ksb on fiie with the sec . read this | ega | notes before you do anything eise : information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . ail information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news reiease by yourself and judge by yourseif about the detaiis in it . in compiiance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the holding of lrcj shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause resuits to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this email sha | | constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or seil any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was paid $ 1956 o from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wiil " , " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our l i s t , please go here ( - aolmember 3 oeruw . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: class confirmation - stacey neuweiler stacey neuweiler is enrolled in communicating effectively class days and times : 03 / 02 / 2001 01 : 00 : 00 pm - 05 : 00 : 00 pm participant fee : $ 300 . 00 thank you for your support in providing quality and cost effective development opportunites at enron . your company and rc will be charged $ 300 . 00 if you have any questions , please call the development center team at 713 - 853 - 0357 . thank you . 
2	Subject: new financial operations contacts for energy operations i just wanted to give all of you an update to my previous message on the replacement for brian heinrich in financial operations . jennifer blay was going to be his replacement ; however , jennifer has accepted a position in energy operations working for jeff sorenson . the newest addition to the financial operations staff is holly heath who joins us from bank united . she is located at eb - 2419 a and can be reached at ext . 3 - 5843 . in addition , sarah brown will transfer as manager of the consolidated reporting team from the gas and transmission assets team in the business analysis and reporting organization . sarah is located at eb - 2419 b and can be reached at ext . 3 - 3417 . brian will be helping to transition holly into her new responsibilities . as such , you will be receiving e - mails from brian during the next week or so . after that , holly will begin to request information directly from you . please join me in welcoming both holly and sarah into their new roles . thanks for your patience during the next few weeks . if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to call me . lisa cousino x 3 - 6343 
2	Subject: new product ! cialis soft tabs . hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / go - medz . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / go - medz . com / rr . php  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? dear  20 sir ?  dear friend , greetings in sincerity , i am former mrs . fatima setia , now mrs . chritiana ahmed , a widow to late sheik mohammed setia from sri lan ka , i am 74 years old , i am now a new christian convert , this happened few days after the tsunami disaster across the south east asian region on 26 th to 30 th december , which my family was also a victim . from all indications my condition is really deteriorating and it ' s quite obvious that i won ' t live more than two months according to my doctors . this is because the injury i substained and my high b . p level has gotten to a very bad stage . my husband was buried alive in the devilish landslide right here in our home . we couldn ' t produce any child . my late husband was very wealthy and after his death , no body remains to inherit all his business and wealth . the doctor has advised me that i may not live for more than two months , so i now decided to divide part of this wealth , to contribute to the victims of the landslide particularly in sri lanka , indonesia , philippines , and thailand . this prompted me to look for a neutral and god fearing person to handle this as my condition will not permit me to do so . i avoided much familiarity for personal reasons . i selected you aft er visiting the website and i prayed over it , i am willing to donate the sum of $ 24 . 342 , 000 . 00 million euros to you for this assignment provided you guarrantte me judicious use of the fund for this purpose . please i want you to note that , this fund is lying in a security company in europe and upon my instruction , you will file in an application for the transfer of the money in your name . lastly , i honestly pray that this money when transferred will be used for the said purpose , because i have come to find out that wealth acquisition without christ is vanity upon vanity . you use 10 % of the fund for contigency . remains bless . please do contact my laywer his email address : george _ colstas @ ureach . com : name george colstas , i await your urgent reply . yours in charity mrs . christiana use o melhor sistema de busca da internet radar uol - http : / / www . radaruol . com . br 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual flow for 4 / 01 / 01 we agree with 35 . 000 for april 1 , 2001 " eileen ponton " on 04 / 04 / 2001 09 : 37 : 36 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 4 / 01 / 01 i will agree with the nom of 35 , 000 for the lst . we are experiencing difficulties in downloading actual flow volumes from el paso thus my gas control has advised to use a flow rate of 35 , 000 for the lst at this point in time . when we receive a more accurate measurement volume i will forward to you . . . . . . . 
2	Subject: from : calibale family from : calibale family ( unhcr ) camp porto - novo benin republic email : traore @ zoznam . sk email : traorecali @ go 4 . it dear sir your contact was reviewed after a careful search on the net and devoted prayer session to our divine redeemer who can only strenghting your resolve to help us out . we are the immediate family of late col ibrahim calibale , the rebel commander in ivory coast that was killed in bouake county on 7 / 02 / 2004 . i with my mother and two sisters escaped into porto - novo benin republic after the incident when it became clear that the central government abidjan wanted us eliminated by all means . presently we staying with united nations high commission for refugee ( unhcr ) here for security reasons . just last week we received some vital information and copies of documents from his lawyer back home proving that our father had some deposit in a security company in spain . now we have opened up communication with the spanish company and they have confirmed been in position of some united states dollars eleven million three hundred thousand ( usd $ 11 . 300 , 000 ) only in his favor and have agreed to releasing same upon our request but not until provide valid proof as his next of kin . now for the fact that none of us here possessed any valid traveling documents because of the circumstances of our exit from home , we are afraid that we will run into trouble if we request for the repatriation of the deposit to this place , hence we are kindly requesting your assistance to help us receive the deposit in your country . we are ready to offer you some reasonable portions of the deposit if you can oblige us your help . further information will be advance to you once you indicate your interest . please send your reply through email account : traore @ zoznam . sk yours faithful traore tel : 229 882147 
2	Subject: enron / hpl nom for october 28 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 028 . xls ) - hplnl 028 . xls 
2	Subject: hi paliourg all pills here . get it all . business gayhgxkd who ' ll if the witnesses be not at hand , then shall the judge set a limit , at the expiration of six months . if his witnesses have not appeared within the six months , he is an evil - doer , and shall bear the fine of the pending case . all quality medications available through our service are manufactured only by reputable facilities that are tightly inspected , approved and regulated by the following organizations : fda ( usa ) , mca ( uk ) , tga ( au ) , mcc ( sa ) , nip ( hun ) , pic ( ger ) and who . phentermine 37 . 5 mg tablets [ 90 pills $ 169 . 00 ] ambien 10 mg tablets [ 30 pills $ 169 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 289 . 00 ] phentermine 37 . 5 mg tablets [ 60 pills $ 129 . 00 ] tramadol 50 mg tablets [ 30 pills $ 89 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 129 . 00 ] no prior rx is required . enjoy deep discount meds here . . for phone orders please call us at 1 - 415 - 462 - 2965 or 1 - 646 - 837 - 0772 ( monday - saturday , 09 : 30 am to 10 : 00 pm est ) ten times thy self were happier than thou art , that in the very refuse of thy deeds , and every humour hath his adjunct pleasure , those that can see thou lov ' st , and i am blind . for to no other pass my verses tend ,  
2	Subject: clear benefits of creative design lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelming ; but a good catchy logo , stylish stationery and outstanding webslte wili make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a logo your company wiii automaticaliy become a worid ieader : it isquite clear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : recruiting at carnegie - mellon john , i haven ' t received the invitation yet to the sep 13 th meeting . i shall contact you thursday regarding the cmu presentation . vince john b gordon @ enron 08 / 23 / 2000 05 : 01 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : recruiting at carnegie - mellon vince : i understand that you are the lead recruiter for cmu . as you know , i am the only alum from that school in enron ' s associate program . i assume i will be joining you for our corporate presentation on 9 / 13 at 7 : 30 am . please let me know what i can do to help prepare for this event . enron and gsia are a great fit , so i want this recruiting effort to go well . are you also giving a talk / lecture to the computational finance students ? if so , what time ? maybe we can schedule a lunch with duane seppi . i look forward to hearing from you . john gordon 
2	Subject: tenaska iv pricing i think we need to remove some of the demand charges that have been set up for williams and apache . on williams deal 384237 , the demand charge needs to be removed from sept . 2000 . the demand charge should not have started until october 2000 . because we did not know at the time what was happening with this deal , the demand fee was inadvertently paid to williams for sept . and we need to recoup our money . on apache deal 384247 , james thinks we need to remove the demand charge completely . he says it is not a part of the deal and apache is not billing us for it . we also need to talk about the pricing on both of these deals . williams and apache are billing us less than what we have in sitara . to be able to keep this desk at zero , jim pond does not want me to use pay the lesser of for the purchases , so we need to address the price differences . you said you had some contract briefs that supported our prices . please fax a copy to me at 713 - 646 - 8420 and i will compare them to what james has . just a heads up . . . we are beginning to work on november 2000 , so we will need a demand fee entered ( hopefully next week ) . i will email you the spreadsheet after we have received all of the cash and are ready to pay tenaska iv . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: re : chapter 3 revisions grant , sorry for the silence . it ' s definately not a commentary on your work - i ' ve been travelling back and forward between sydney and london like a yo - yo and trying to tidy up things on our end . i ' ve been working on incoporating your material and will spend all of tomorrow on this ( hopefully ! ) so that i can ask for the last few amendments before the w / end . many thanks and best regards . chris . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : grant masson to : chris strickland sent : tuesday , june 27 , 2000 8 : 54 am subject : re : chapter 3 revisions > > > > chris : > > i can ' t decide if i should take your silence over the past several weeks to mean > that you are getting stuck into finishing up the book or you are just so > thoroughly disgusted with our work that you would like to wash your hands of us . > > i ' ve been stuck on trying to get the last figure mentioned in the chapter into a > format that i like . the problem is the volatility found in the regressions is > on the order of several hundred percent , and so when i plot the historical data > next to a simulated curve over the course of the year , the simulated curve tends > to drift up or down stupidly both in the jump diffusion and garch + jump diffusion > model . any suggestions would be accepted with pleasure . i wonder if i should > skip the figure . it seems a pity to do so however , because otherwise the last > section comes off as a bit of an afterthought , and i would like to present a > practical example . again any guidance would be appreciated . > > anyway , i am sending you a somewhat improved draft now ( minus only the last > figure ) , rather than sit on the whole thing while i stew on this bit , i hope > this will be useful to you . because i am leaving for holidays at the end of the > week , i can guarantee you that you will have a final draft before then . > > regards , > grant . > ( see attached file : cs 260600 . doc ) > 
2	Subject: fw : priority customer list this is not going to work . do you want me to control the priority list like we used to do at enron ? please let me know . bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : forster , david sent : friday , february 01 , 2002 2 : 53 pm to : bradford , william s . ; brackett , debbie r . ; ' pat . odonnell @ ubsw . com ' ; ' louis . eber @ ubsw . com ' ; ' william . glass @ ubsw . com ' ; ' colette . dow @ ubsw . com ' cc : kitchen , louise subject : priority customer list attached is the customer priority list . this is intended to be the " pre - approved " list for companies to be ready on launch day and includes us and canadian entities in gas and power . i have most recently been told that individual legal names are not wanted in this list - only group names . if individual legal names are needed , let me know - i can provide the list that way as well . note that there are about 25 more names on this list than the list previously supplied to credit . it appears a number of canadian companies some non - online companies were not included in the original list . this most recent list includes these names and provides an order of priority for them . i will be sending another list later , which will identify the type of master agreement priority for each ( isda , physical gas , physical power ) dave 
2	Subject: tadalafil soft tabs - great results ! hi ! we have a new product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . you can get it at : http : / / ejrhxw 322 . com / soft / no thanks : http : / / ejrhxw 322 . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: spice up your cellphone with a wallpaper from dirtyhippo . dress up your phone . visit here . dxndeueqjdzo 
2	Subject: re : hplc / ocean energy inc . 09 / 99 purchase thanks daren , i just found the answer this afternoon . we paid seagull . ocean energy bought seagull , and pam boxx included this deal with her net to seagull . we just need to move the suspense amount . thanks . daren j farmer 10 / 03 / 2000 05 : 04 pm to : cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : hplc / ocean energy inc . 09 / 99 purchase i have no idea why payment would be suspended . i don ' t remember having any problems with ocean energy . sorry . d cynthia hakemack 10 / 02 / 2000 05 : 19 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hplc / ocean energy inc . 09 / 99 purchase daren , there are five hplc purchase deals for 09 / 99 from ocean energy inc . they were craig falbaum ' s deals . a person who is no longer in my group suspended payment for these deals . gary suggested that i contact you and see if you have any insight as to why the deals might have been suspended , or know anything that might help . thanks . 
2	Subject: commodity logic request fyi - transaction # 2 ! sheri - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheri thomas / hou / ect on 02 / 19 / 2001 01 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - customerservice @ commoditylogic . com on 02 / 15 / 2001 10 : 23 : 11 am to : customerservice @ commoditylogic . com , tgros @ enron . com , douglas . fuehne @ enron . com , debbie . r . brackett @ enron . com , russell . diamond @ enron . com , wbradfo @ enron . com , fred . lagrasta @ enron . com , mary . birmingham @ enron . com , nera . swisher @ enron . com , reginald . hart @ enron . com , bryce . baxter @ enron . com , pam . b . boxx @ enron . com , greg . whiting @ enron . com , jim . pond @ enron . com , elise . clark @ enron . com , amy . spoede @ enron . com , melissa . k . ratnala @ enron . com , audrey . cook @ enron . com , dale . neuner @ enron . com , sheri . thomas @ enron . com , kristen . j . hanson @ enron . com , joanie . h . ngo @ enron . com , cynthia . hakemack @ enron . com , andrea . crump @ enron . com cc : subject : commodity logic request mark soulliere has made an offer to commoditylogic to receive payment for an amount that was originally scheduled to be paid on february 26 , 2001 . below are the details of the offer : user : mark soulliere counterparty : tenaska marketing ventures counterparty id : 208 payment amount : $ 17 , 393 , 410 . 73 offered payment date : february 23 , 2001 deal tracking number : 40 this payment represents $ 17 , 405 , 141 . 32 of the total receivable account with enron . the client should be notified by e - mail within 1 business day as to whether the offer has been accepted or rejected . thank you . 
2	Subject: fw : mapping websites . . . louise - here are the links to some of the maps put together by keith and his group . please call if you have any questions . . . julie : - ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fraley , keith sent : thursday , october 04 , 2001 12 : 05 pm to : gomez , julie a . subject : fw : mapping websites . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fraley , keith sent : monday , october 01 , 2001 10 : 59 am to : ollerenshaw , carey ; matthews , chris cc : hoyt , peter subject : mapping websites . . . gentleman , the following list details some of the websites that we have developed to aid our traders and originators with mapping support . all the maps have basic gis functionality and have the exact same interfaces . the ability to zoom in and zoom out , identify , query , find . in the event that you have any questions what - so - ever feel free to call me , keith fraley ( 713 . 853 . 0529 ) " proposed generation webmap " this site was developed to support our in - house research of proposed gas - fired generation in north america . it has been met with great delight and is used heavily by our gas and power originators . basic fields in the proposed database include ( company name , pipeline , size , merchant capacity , comments , city , county , state , on - line year , month . . . ) . http : / / nahou - wwmapolp / website / proposed " pseudo real - time available pipeline capacity map " this site was developed as a prototype , we basically took a pipe in the pacific northwest ' pgt ' and have linked to it available pipeline capacity for points along the pipeline . we have further plans to provide this for all the delivery / receipt point in the us . it has been a big hit and the traders are looking forward to having access to the entire system . fields in the database include ( pipe name , point name , total capacity , utilized capacity , available capacity ) the points are displayed by size according to the amount of available capacity that point holds . this one may take a minute to pull up . http : / / nahou - wwmapolp / website / pgt real - time container available map " this site was developed to support our freight capacity traders in " enron global markets " it reads freight capacity off of an external website and then displays that information on our website . again , the point ' s size is determined by the amount of capacity available at the point . if you identify the point you will see that the records are actually broken down by capacity type , the sum of these equals the total capacity of the points . http : / / nahou - wwmapolp / website / rezl " diesel price map " this site was developed for the egs fundamentals group that study volatility of diesel prices in the u . s . the point colors represent the price / gallon of diesel at different locations in the u . s . the webmap is designed to read very similar to a weather map , with the cool colors representing lower prices and so - on and so - forth . the site also includes a delta price ( + or - number in blue ) this delta number is the change is diesel prices since the most recent monday . this allows the traders to analyze relative volatility of prices . i have also included a . pdf file that basically represents the same information . http : / / nahou - wwmapolp / website / diesel again , these are just some of the sites that we currently have up and running , we are currently developing a prototype for you to look at that has uk based energy related data , look for it in a couple of days . we have several other sites that we can show you at a later date if you are interested in them . cheers and we look forward to hearing from you . . . keith fraley 713 . 853 . 0529 
2	Subject: gino , who do u want to win ? the secret on how porn stars grew big dicks ! the answer is here . turn off notifications here . wv international exports ltd st . nathaniel # 4780 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: cheap online pills here chromate obsessive consensus rocco sloe blvd rout servitor ferromagnetic puppeteer get any prescription drug you want ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here colonel harass kwashiorkor dilution hoy toilsome cape clip streptococcus copyright  
2	Subject: re : noms / actual vols for 15 th & 16 th we agree " eileen ponton " on 05 / 17 / 2001 05 : 43 : 09 pm to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / energy / txu @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com , szajac @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual vols for 15 th & 16 th date nom mcf mmbtu 5 / 15 0 417 428 5 / 16 38 , 750 38 , 232 39 , 264 
2	Subject: message subject goodbye  
2	Subject: re : 2002 headcount changes louise : thanks for taking some time with jim yesterday - he needed someone else to vent with . as you saw , the anger level is high on the floor . with regard to the plan - i ' m now waiting for the other shoe to drop ( the plan number ) . regards , brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , october 23 , 2001 9 : 38 am to : redmond , brian subject : re : 2002 headcount changes ok - - - - - original message - - - - - from : redmond , brian sent : tuesday , october 23 , 2001 9 : 32 am to : kitchen , louise subject : re : 2002 headcount changes louise : here is how i would like to lay out tx responsibilities for a total of 8 people ( all - in ) : tx gas marketing - ( mid marketing , structured transactions , market area hubcos ) : gary bryan , mark knippa , jd buss ( assoc ) tx gas supply - ( mid marketing , structured transactions , supply area hubcos ) : [ jill zivley , morris larubbio ] tx gas network development - ( hubcos / transportation / regulatory / outsourcing ) : - brian redmond , tx gas fundamentals / support - ( analyst , admin assistant ) lets talk if this does not work for you . brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , october 23 , 2001 9 : 19 am to : redmond , brian subject : re : 2002 headcount changes i was referring to all cost centers excluding hpl . regulatory does not need to be covered by you . here ' s my cut on texas - do we need more ? you director manager associate analyst asisstant - - - - - original message - - - - - from : redmond , brian sent : monday , october 22 , 2001 4 : 31 pm to : east , laynie cc : kitchen , louise subject : fw : 2002 headcount changes laynie : per my swapped voice mails with louise last week , i have reduced the group to 6 commercial people ( not including my cost center ) . please let me know if this is what you need . regards , brian > - - - - - original message - - - - - from : east , laynie sent : monday , october 22 , 2001 3 : 57 pm to : redmond , brian subject : 2002 headcount changes brian , louise has reviewed the headcount plan submitted for 2002 and asked that we reduce the texas origination count from 12 to 6 . the attached file shows the positions that were initially submitted . if you will let me know what to eliminate , i will make the necessary changes . > thanks , laynie x 3 - 3131 
2	Subject: fw : horny posrtitute dvd quality movies ! and a very good morning to you ! : ) yokwe  
2	Subject: fw : csfb independent power weekly - issue # 38 ; response to barronsarti cle included - - - - - original message - - - - - from : stein , neil [ mailto : neil . stein @ csfb . com ] sent : monday , august 06 , 2001 7 : 14 am to : undisclosed - recipients subject : csfb independent power weekly - issue # 38 ; response to barronsarti cle included good morning , attached , please find the latest issue of our independent power weekly . > also note that on september 10 and 11 , csfb will host a power generation supply chain conference at the plaza hotel in new york city . this event is designed to provide investors with a wholistic perspective on all aspects of the sector - from coal and natural gas companies , to equipment and construction service providers , to the power producers themselves . please contact us if you would like additional information . 1 . ipps rise 0 . 4 % last week our ipp composite rose 0 . 4 % , slightly underperforming both the nasdaq ( + 1 . 8 % ) and the s 2 . the article ' s thesis does not consider the potential for retirement of existing capacity , and 3 . the regional characteristics of the power generation market resist such broad sweeping generalizations . 3 . credit spreads continue to improve importantly , while our ipp equity composite has traded off more than 10 % over the last few weeks , ipp credit spreads continue to tighten . for example , while calpine shares have traded off 11 % since july 6 , the spreads on cpn ' s 10 year 8 . 5 % notes due 2011 have actually tightened by more than 50 basis points . last week alone , cpn spreads tightened by 12 basis points , while the stock traded off 3 % . to cite another example , while mirant shares have traded off 8 % over the same period , the spreads on mir ' s 7 . 9 % notes due 2009 have tightened by 55 basis points . 4 . q 2 earnings review last week second quarter earnings results were reported by black hills , cleco , dpl , entergy , mirant and orion power . upside surprises were reported by dpl , etr , mir and orn . versus expectations , mirant ' s results were the strongest , coming in 21 % above our estimate . cleco was the only company that posted an earnings disappointment , reporting q 2 results that were 22 % below our estimate . 5 . power market update last week power prices were up considerably as evidenced by the 27 % increase in the mirant national power index . with the exception of the western market , power prices got a boost from hot temperatures that blanketed most of the country . the texas market experienced unusual volatility owing to recent wholesale market design changes and the initiation of a retail competition pilot program . regards , neil stein 212 / 325 - 4217 this message is for the named person ' s use only . it may contain confidential , proprietary or legally privileged information . no confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission . if you receive this message in error , please immediately delete it and all copies of it from your system , destroy any hard copies of it and notify the sender . you must not , directly or indirectly , use , disclose , distribute , print , or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended recipient . credit suisse group and each of its subsidiaries each reserve the right to monitor all e - mail communications through its networks . any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender , except where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorised to state them to be the views of any such entity . unless otherwise stated , any pricing information given in this message is indicative only , is subject to change and does not constitute an offer to deal at any price quoted . any reference to the terms of executed transactions should be treated as preliminary only and subject to our formal written confirmation . 
2	Subject: more jcc the historical context . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 12 / 20 / 2000 05 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin kindall 11 / 28 / 2000 09 : 29 am to : russell dyk / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : jcc writeup - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 11 / 28 / 2000 09 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kevin kindall 09 / 28 / 2000 04 : 44 pm to : james pyke / ap / enron @ enron cc : subject : jcc writeup here are the results that i sent to marc de la rouche . the answers to both questions below is " yes . " as mentioned earlier , i ' ll send the complete analysis along with explanations tomorrow . incidentally , here is a list of contacts regarding lng and jcc . its a bit dated , but may prove useful . clay harris lng houston ( 713 ) 853 - 1631 brad hitch lng houston ( 713 ) 345 - 5140 marc de la roche global fuels houston ( 713 ) 853 - 3949 victor santos global fuels singapore ( 65 ) 838 - 9041 li yin lim global fuels singapore ( 65 ) 838 - 9029 vv rao lng singapore ( 65 ) 838 - 9043 - kevin kindall - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin kindall / corp / enron on 09 / 28 / 2000 04 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : marc de la roche @ ect 06 / 06 / 2000 02 : 50 pm to : kevin kindall / corp / enron @ enron cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : jcc that this email constitutes your groups ( vince kaminski ' s ) sign - off on using this hedge ratio to hedge jcc and jcc - based products ? thanks in advance , marc de la roche kevin kindall @ enron 06 / 06 / 2000 02 : 18 pm to : marc de la roche / hou / ect @ ect cc : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : jcc & brent good afternoon . i have performed a review of the jcc data that you sent some time ago . the study was done using several different excel workbooks , and are available upon request . relevant charts are embedded in the powerpoint attachment . questions / comments welcome . - kevin kindall 
2	Subject: technical analysis more fallout - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001 03 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lee ferrell / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 26 pm to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : technical analysis mike , our department has been using your technical analysis to support commercial decisions . you stated that these services would be discontinued . we opted to use your technical analysis in lieu of outside services . please continue to provide technical analysis data with regard to natural gas ( candlestick and elliot wave ) . lee ferrell director , risk management and reporting ets 
2	Subject: re : fw : parent - subsidary model hi again , thanks for the financial data on enron ' s european counterparties . it is my understanding that you started out with a list of 500 such counterparties . however , your spreadsheet only contains information for 72 of these european counterparties . will you please tell me the logic behind the elimination of the 400 + other counterparties ? thanks so much , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : parsons , ben sent : tuesday , april 17 , 2001 2 : 56 am to : mack , iris cc : valnek , tomas ; dhar , amitava ; mumford , mike subject : re : fw : parent - subsidary model hi iris the inputs and outputs generated by riskcalc can be seen in the attached file : > we only looked at the 5 - yr pd . inputs are in columns a - u . these are the inputs generated by amadeus . you can run these inputs through the riskcalc model over the web ( http : / / www . moodysqra . com / privfirm ) using the login : dupred , password : detective . this is our trial licence which lasts for about 2 more weeks ( mike mumford will have more details about the current licence ) tomas valnek was getting the data from the amadeus database , so i ' ll leave it to him to determine if houston access is possible . in the meantime you can use the dataset attached for testing purposes . ben from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 12 / 04 / 2001 17 : 58 cdt to : ben parsons / lon / ect @ ect cc : amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron subject : fw : parent - subsidary model hi ben , how are you ? today we had a meeting with craig chaney and jeff kinneman to discuss the private firm model . they requested that i spend some time carefully analyzing the moody ' s riskcalc model . i noticed that you also have been looking at riskcalc - as indicated in your paper entitled " pricing parent companies and their subsidiaries : model description and data requirements " other than the example discussed in your paper , did generate any other test statistics , scores , etc . also , you stated that you used amadeus database . we are in the process of trying to obtain data from various data vendors - but that may take a while . in the mean time , may we have access to the amadeus database or some sample dataset ? thanks so much , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : valnek , tomas sent : tuesday , april 10 , 2001 9 : 10 am to : fiala , markus ; seyfried , bryan ; salmon , scott ; kirkpatrick , eric ; mumford , mike ; fontaine , jean - sebastien ; brooks , simon ; price , nigel ; diprose , robert ; rezaeian , reza ; gordon , mike ; lee , derek ; hershkovitz , ilan ; golden , sally ; stephan , nicholas ; albanis , george ; shanbhogue , vasant ; mack , iris cc : parsons , ben subject : parent - subsidary model attached is a description of the parent - subsidiary model that ben and i have been working on over the last few weeks . comments welcome ! tv > 
2	Subject: small - cap stoxs can mean gains for you * * * * watch this one july 15 - 21 as we know many of you like momentum * * * * * * * * * breaking news alert issue - - - big news strong buy alert issued at market close china world trade corp . symbol : cwtd current price : $ 2 . 47 7 day target : $ 7 . 00 look for huge news this company back on the move . rumor has the shorts are going to be broken and stock will run . cwtd website address is www . chinawtc . com all company info is there . this stock has had good movement and support the last 15 months it is a strong company growing in leaps and bounds . company has been profiled on cnn asia , forbes . com , bloomberg . com , ceo cast . com , businessweek . com , p . r . newswire , pennystock weekly . com , yahoo finance has reports for sale . how much more credibility do you need . amex exchange listing waits in the wings . this is big ! ! ! ! ! ! company filed for amex 10 months ago and is finally ready to go up based on the 10 k . symbol cwtd join in and squezze the shorts : cwtd take a look at our last strong buy recomendaton we gave you cdgt july 12 th at $ 3 . 10 and now its $ 3 . 55 get in cwtd while it ' s hot disclaimer : information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of thesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forwardlooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors include general economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire and develop specific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumer and business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company has little or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before you invest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundred thousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causing you to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this informationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: ever wanted real diet pills ? ? pain pills ? ? ?  ? you will not find better prices anywhere ! ! ! did you know that you can conveniently and comfortably connect with our doctors and pharmacists through the internet ? choose your medication point , click , order and your done ! your medication is on it ' s way . order by 2 pm est and get your meds tomorrow ! start saving . order your medications here . thanks , i would like to end this .  
2	Subject: we are now open felix we will always have the latest styles before anyone else and our value will never be matched . addidas , bally , bvlgari , burberry , cartier , chanel , christian dior , dunhill , dupont , escada , fendi , ferragamo , gucci , hermes , iwc , jacob & co . , louis vuitton , mont blanc , movado , nike , omega , oris , prada , puma , rado , roger dubuis , rolex , sector , tag heuer , technomarine , tiffany , timberland , tudor can ' t you feel itthat is how we want itfloorfiller dodump emmersed entomophthorales zzo 2 firstbeginstack film - maker 8 o ' clock on the morning you leftthe day was dark i sat in my room 
2	Subject: re : forward prices simulations in the credit reserve model bill and mark , the figure below shows you what happens when we simulate forward prices using current methodology of our credit reserve model . the time scale on this figure goes from 0 to 30 years . i started with $ 5 . 2 gas prices at time 0 and used the ng forward volatility curve which has 50 % volatilities in the front and 13 . 5 % vols for long - term contracts . you can see from the figure , that , for example , at 30 years horizon the price will be more than $ 13 . 4 with probability 5 % but less than $ 22 . 1 with probability 99 % . the corresponding lower bounds are $ 1 . 17 and $ 0 . 71 . tanya from : william s bradford / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 26 / 2001 11 : 22 am to : mark ruane / enron @ enronxgate , naveen andrews / enron @ enronxgate , tanya rohauer / enron @ enronxgate , debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , rabi de / na / enron @ enron , wenyao jia / enron @ enronxgate cc : subject : re : gbm vs reversion both seem to provide fairly unrealistic values . $ 50 gas over the term seems improbable , however , a $ 6 gas peak does not represent capture all potential price movement at 99 % confience interval . what were your assumptions on price curves , volatilty curves , and trend reversion ? bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ruane , mark sent : monday , march 26 , 2001 11 : 11 am to : bradford , william s . ; andrews , naveen ; rohauer , tanya ; brackett , debbie ; tamarchenko , tanya ; de , rabi ; jia , winston subject : gbm vs reversion a quick example of the impact of using gbm based simulation : based on a five year swap , the expected losses are 18 % higher as a result of gbm . attached chart shows the relative long - term gas prices under both processes . > mark 
2	Subject: re : hello hi vince , thank you for your offer to bring jacob back for another interview . yes , if it is not too much trouble , i would like to talk with him . i was sorry i had to be out of town last week when he was in the office . thanks , just let me know when you would like me to be available . kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 1 : 21 pm to : watson , kimberly cc : krishnarao , pinnamaneni ; kaminski , vince subject : re : hello kim , this is a letter from one of the job applicants who works for pros . it seems that the system they develop for williams is more a scheduling system . would you like to ask him to come back for another interview , to get more information out of him ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001 01 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jacob y . kang " on 04 / 11 / 2001 11 : 18 : 44 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : hello dear vince : it was so nice meeting and talking with you too . i did not take any pen back , i lost my pen too somewhere in enron . as i mentioned to you , after i got my ph . d in 1999 , i have been working two years as lead scientist and science manager in energy division at pros revenue management inc . in houston . i developed and implemented the mathematical models for trading optimization system and firm transportation optimization system . the trading optimization system becomes the most popular product in the industry this year . duke energy just signed the contract to buy this product yesterday . conoco and williams also signed the contracts for it . according to pros sales department , the potential marketer to buy this product exceeds 15 companies in one or two years . enron is the ideal place for me to continue my research and system developing efforts to combine revenue management with risk management . i am confident that i can make significant contributions to enron in this area . i would like to thank you again for giving me this opportunity to come to enron for this interview . i am looking forward to having the opportunity to work in enron . sincerely yours jacob - - - vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > jacob , > > it was nice meeting you . did take by any chance > my pen ? if not , i apologize . > > vince > do you yahoo ! ? get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail . http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com /  
2	Subject: congratulations dear vince - i am soooo gland to see you get the promotion you so deserve . i have always thought you should have received such honors many years ago . i ' m glad to see enron finally did you right . good luck and congratulations , julie : - ) 
2	Subject: ch 3 ap xanaks pil 1 s remove 
2	Subject: thats how p / orn starts do it increase your cum volume , and orgasm length main benifits : - the longest most intense orgasms of your life - erctions like steel - lncreased libido / desire - stronger ejaculaton ( watch where your aiming ) - multiple orgasms - up to 5 oo % more volume ( cover her in it if you want ) - studies show it tastes sweeter discreet same day shipping - try lt , you ' ll love it ! ( and she ' ll thank you for it ) http : / / gallanted . com / spur / ? sash optout : http : / / gallanted . com / rm . php ? sash 
2	Subject: fw : mockups for our meeting . mike g . and i will be there shortly . kal - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bess , erica sent : wednesday , january 16 , 2002 5 : 40 pm to : forster , david ; shah , kal subject : fw : mockups ubsenergy 9 is the homepage w / red bar and white text . ubsenergysecure 2 is secure area with grey navigation bar . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dinh , christine sent : wednesday , january 16 , 2002 5 : 31 pm to : bess , erica cc : guadarrama , michael subject : mockups erica - attached are the mockups you ' ve requested . - christine 
2	Subject: your compliance is needed name : mrs . suzana nuhan vaye % barr . james broderick ( attorney ) tel : 44 - 7040120730 fax : 44 - 871 - 9941059 email : brrjmsbrodericko 09 @ kaixo . com email : brrjmsbroderick @ web - mail . com . ar attn : md / ceo kindly accept my apology for sending my mail to you . i am a true god fearing person , and i want you to trust me and help me out in this my condition . i believe you are a highly respected personality , considering the fact that i sourced your profile from a human resource profile database on your country in the internet . though , i do not know to what extent you are familiar with events and fragile political situation in liberia but it has formed consistent headlines in the cnn , bbc news bulletins . my name is mrs . suzana nuhan vaye from liberia , a country in west africa . my late husband is issac nuhan vaye , deputy minister of public works in liberia . my husband was falsely accused of plotting to remove the then president of liberia charles taylor ) from office . without trial , charles taylor killed him . you can verify this from some of the international newspapers posted in the web sites below : before my husband was killed , he moved out the sum of $ 21 . 5 million through a diplomatic means , and deposited it with a security company abroad . and this money was meant for importation of agricultural machinery . all that is needed is for my lawyer to instruct the company to transfer the funds to your account , i will remunerate you with 20 % at the end , but most of all is that i solicit your trust and honesty in this transaction . i have been confined only to our country home and all my calls are monitored , so i will advise you to contact my private attorney barr . james broderick base in united kingdom on his contact stated below for onward proceedings : - name : barr . james broderick ( attorney ) tel : 44 - 7040120730 fax : 44 - 871 - 9941059 email : brrjmsbrodericko 09 @ kaixo . com email : brrjmsbroderick @ web - mail . com . ar kindly include your full name , private telephone and fax numbers where you can always be reached , your residentialor company address to enable him send detailinformation / documents that will enable you receive the fund without any problem either now or in future as allmodalities as been perfected . please your urgent response is needed . best regards . mrs . suzana nuhan vaye ( widow ) 
2	Subject: your encouragement would be appreciated the gas and power trading organizations have had a tremendous year . sometimes we as traders forget some of the crucial parts of the organization that significantly contributed to that success . i believe the weather group comprised of mike robert ' s , jose marquez , stephen bennett and dave ryan from power are one of those groups . these individuals have done a tremendous job of predicting summer weather along with the route hurricanes would take . the greatest achievement has been the november and december winter forecast . they held fast to their cold forecast even when outside services were moderating . on a score card with all other services they definitely deserve an " a + " . when you are down on the 32 nd floor it would be nice if you would stop and congratulate them on a tremendous job and their contribution to our success . thanks , jim schwieger 
2	Subject: fw : [ disorder ] 64 % - off vicodin . gunfire subprograms slip stop blue die . list is there . produce state ride long just . general , force quiet . piece begin , bed , strange . well they place , stone let . add , eight step , noun . two vowel , describe , team . under walk , late close . as best red round . over , much thing about want land . poor life , party . place war finish differ space four . - - phone : 810 - 641 - 5985 mobile : 858 - 875 - 3782 email : gytha . zola @ t - dialin . net  
2	Subject: finest online medication here bilge francisco cauliflower get all your prescriptions in one location ! everything you want ! fast and cheap ! you name it ! we have them all ! stop receiving promotional material now capillary brunt tugging fiddle thrice brittany committable  
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the postfix program at host storm . easydns . com . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that your message could not be be delivered to one or more recipients . it ' s attached below . for further assistance , please send mail to if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the attached returned message . the postfix program ( expanded from ) : host mail . oakmoon . net [ 68 . 105 . 246 . 70 ] said : 550 this message scored 13 . 5 spam points . congratulations ! ( in reply to end of data command ) 
2	Subject: welcome members to be removed from our future promotions please click here when i take my head and spin it all it takes my panties to the wall take me now like a lion in the jungle with lots of passion in your hands stike it baby strike it its the way of the strong to get in the center of the weak and explode read my mind like a adult with a toy look into my eyes with fire burning tall hard and pounding in the air of the night to bring more of the same in the next to come mark d .  
2	Subject: halo ! yo ! . ! all those items are offered with a great discount : tussionex - $ 76 claritin - $ 40 clarinex - $ 95 colchicine - $ 13 melanex - $ 53 plavix - $ 156 meridia - $ 75 avandia - $ 190 penicillin - $ 32 aldactone - $ 91 plavix - $ 156 prilosec - $ 235 diclofenac - $ 39 vioxx - $ 70 biaxin - $ 183 find more than 150 other kinds of medicine . see it yourself : http : / / compactify . ratesofcancerand . com 
2	Subject: finally remembered ! sally , that tiki person is out according to mom . . . . fabian and mary ann block 103 waterlily circle georgetown , tx 78628 barney and joann boyette 2631 inwood view san antonio , tx 78248 buddy and nelwyn hare 11827 wink rd . houston 77024 mary souter 13811 cedar canyon san antonio 78231 who am i forgetting ? i think someone in victoria ? 
2	Subject: re : inenonct cwogirls fucekd in mouth by wild dicks you have the advantage of me ! : ) lehitpirmelengewhat ' s so good about it ? : ) mata mensooree tai hey honey ! : ) n ]  
2	Subject: mid - year 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the mid - year 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) that have been identified for you . your feedback plays an important role in the performance management process , and your participation is very critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . please provide feedback on the employee ( s ) listed below by accessing the performance management system ( pep ) and completing an online feedback form as described in the " performance management quick reference guide " . you may begin your feedback input immediately . please have all feedback forms completed by the date noted below . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please call the pep help desk at the following numbers : in the u . s . : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4 in europe : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4 in canada : 1 - 403 - 974 - 6724 ( canada employees only ) or e - mail your questions to : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following list of employees is a cumulative list of all feedback requests , by operating company , that have an " open " feedback status . an employee ' s name will no longer appear once you have completed the feedback form and select the " submit " button in pep . review group : enron feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - beck , sally david w delainey may 25 , 2000 chun , inja y . beth s perlman may 19 , 2000 cousino , lisa b . stephen p schwarz may 30 , 2000 earnest , scott avtansini nath may 26 , 2000 hope , george j shelly l jones may 23 , 2000 lauer , richard p donna lowry may 22 , 2000 melodick , kimberly a cindy l skinner may 15 , 2000 murphy , theodore r richard b buy jun 06 , 2000 pleus , scott f tod a lindholm may 31 , 2000 roberts , celeste c charlene r jackson may 22 , 2000 solmonson , mary c sally beck may 18 , 2000 sweeney , kevin g avtansini nath may 30 , 2000 villarreal , norma e cindy l skinner may 15 , 2000 
2	Subject: fw : eol confirmation - northern natural gas co . this message is to confirm your eol transaction with northern natural gas company . you have successfully acquired the package ( s ) listed below . if you have questions or concerns regarding the transaction ( s ) , please call craig buehler at ( 713 ) 853 - 6964 prior to placing your nominations for these volumes . product no . : 34976 time stamp : 3 / 26 / 01 8 : 55 : 20 am product name : us plcapnng frm demar - e . dub dly dynegy marketing and trade volume : 10 , 000 dth / d rate : $ 0 . 0800 / dth 1 - part rate ( combined res + com ) 100 % load factor + applicable fuel and unaccounted for nng req # : 40346 nng k # : 107641 effective date : 3 / 27 / 01 only points : rp - 37654 nng field / market demarc point 10 , 000 dth / d dp - 234 nigas e . dubq 10 , 000 dth / d alternate point ( s ) : all market area ( mid 17 ) receipt points . if ventura or any other northern border pipeline receipt points are utilized , the rate herein is not applicable to volumes which were originally received into northern ' s system at northern ' s ft . buford compressor station for ultimate redelivery to northern ' s system . note : in order to place a nomination with this agreement , you must log off the nng system and then log back on . this action will update the agreement ' s information on your pc and allow you to place nominations under the agreement number shown above . contact info : craig buehler phone ( 713 ) 853 - 6964 fax ( 713 ) 646 - 8085 email craig . buehler @ enron . com 
2	Subject: save yourself peggy want to make her love you more ? over 1 million satisfied customers here . for email removal , go here . whoosh alcestis nauseate trunk breadth atavistic drum awkward bystander riotous crewcut bedtime literary chorine coppery silvery curium sung equestrian andromache inheritance mumford staff incestuous synthesis pentecost defeat truancy hearsay comparator . crs international exports inc south tank st . # 9633 belize city , belize acquitting bedspring newsstand chinchilla brazier screen allegro riflemen shady milch cleanup telephony breakthrough cutoff fault brillouin disciple dna dulse indolent .  
2	Subject: na meedz hello , welcome to pha unpenetrable rmonline sh hornrimmed op - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical yugoslavian shops diffusive v paralinguistics g a pineal l suggestibility ll secondclass la subulate ra arrowy cl metric is crackling va skirmisher um andmanyother . - save gondola over 50 % - worldwide shlppln myopic g - total conf recast identiaiity - over 5 miiiion customers in 130 countrie aggregate s have nurserygoverness a nice day ! 
2	Subject: training sally , i think that shona is taking the right approach with eugenio . i ' m attending the follow up meetings with shona and eugenio . we are hopeful that this will work out . we have not turned the corner yet on communication issues . hgm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by hector mcloughlin / corp / enron on 02 / 02 / 2001 11 : 10 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : shona wilson 02 / 02 / 2001 10 : 38 am to : eugenio perez / hou / ect @ ect cc : hector mcloughlin / corp / enron @ enron , tom wilbeck / na / enron @ enron subject : training i spoke with tom about finding the correct training for you . he also feels that attending all of the classes you are currently signed up for in ernie is not the right approach . he wants to meet with you to discuss this . currently , we believe the best approach to be : attending successful working relationships - he will ensure you get into this class attending communicating effectively for leaders - you are already signed up do 1 on 1 coaching - he is currently looking for someone who would fit attending a 360 class - these are few and far between . he is looking for one . tom and hector are trying to figure what classes present soft skills in a format that you will be familiar with - essentially a class that puts a quantitative spin on soft skills ( these are obviously a bit harder to find ) . thanks shona 
2	Subject: precision micro - cap report witherspoon , breaking news at the close friday january 14 , 2 oo 5 energy teiecom , inc ( otc : eytl ) offering the worid ' s first hands - freee two - way , inte | | igent , miniaturized , wireiess personal teiecommunication eyeware systems . ( source : news decemberl 0 , 2004 ) current price : $ . 06 is this an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go higher ? pie @ se re @ d the following announcement in its entirety and consider the possibiiities . . . watch this one trade tuesday ! press reiease source : energy teiecom , inc . energy teiecom announces pians to begin partnering patented eyewear technology friday january 14 , 4 : o 5 pm et miami beach , fla . , jan . 14 , 20 o 5 ( primezone ) - - energy telecom , inc . ( other otc : eytl . pk - news ) announced today it plans to begin marketing its patented eyewear technoiogy . ` ` with the compietion of our biuetooth prototypes , we are ready to aggressively approach the leading manufacturers of industria | protection products and consumer eyewear and partner up with them so that we can more rapidiy get our products to market , ' ' stated mr . tom rickards , ceo of energy telecom . ` ` we believe that our patented technology wi | | offer a major step in offering life - critical information to future wearers of our wireless persona | teiecom products , ' ' mr . rickards continued . ` ` firefighters , rescue workers and soldiers can now have rea | - time environmenta | information , including temperature , gaseous content , and radiation | eveis , sent directiy to their wireless , hands - freee eyewear . we also beiieve that the company ' s recent patent fiiing , for advanced systems and methods for enhanced eiectronic shape recognition , wiil aiso generate substantial interest from the aforementioned manufacturers . ' ' about eytl energy teiecom hoids united states and foreign patents designed to provide leading gioba | manufacturers of wireless headsets , industria | eyewear and optical projection technology with the means of offering the world ' s first hands - freee two - way , intelligent , miniaturized , wireless persona | teiecommunication eyewear systems . these systems are designed to be built into speciaiized eyewear worn by poiice , fire , rescue , miiitary and security personnel as well as those used by bio - hazardous , mining , construction and heavy manufacturing workers . information within this emai | contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information available about the company . other factors include a | imited operating history , an accumuiated deficit since its inception , reiiance on | oans from officers and directors to pay expenses , a nominal cash position , and no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not currentiy an operating company . the company has two smail items in co | | ection against it . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be abie to continue as a going concern in which case you couid lose your entire investment . other risks and uncertainties inciude , but are not | imited to , the abiiity of the company to complete its business plan , market conditions , the genera | acceptance of the company ' s products and technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of this newsietter does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this newsietter is not a re gister ed in vest ment @ dvisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specialiy seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to acheive the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings when available , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of eight thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they wiil se | | at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . a | | factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher of this newsietter beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily piaced in our | i s t , please go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: re : new unecroensd anime wakey wakey ! new harcrdoe tonos solth , like rust , consumes faster than labor wears , while the used key is always brigth . chawil awib ' u , y  
2	Subject: june transport usage tickets i updated the june transport usage tickets today through hpl , and will be finishing these tickets tomorrow . rates have been updated to reflect current matrix rates and all baseload rates that i know of at this time . i have not yet received third party transport rates , so if you know of any , please let me know . also , i have zeroed out some volumes on some tickets for june , so your schedulers will have to update volumes as they know them . rule of thumb was that if i had to add a month , i refreshed the rate but left volume at zero . if the months were already on the ticket , then i refreshed the rate and left the volume as is . i would advise that your schedulers check volumes on all pipes to ensure they ' re reflected in position manager correctly . please let me know if you have any questions . all pipes will be updated by tomorrow morning . heidi 
2	Subject: hi paliourg all meds here . everything here . mathematic xpgeogo brighten hi paliourg , we are one of the largest online pharmaceutical ordering services , providing medical consultations and prescription processing . valium 10 mg - [ 60 pills $ 279 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 329 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 369 . 99 ] xanax 1 mg - [ 30 pills $ 169 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 269 . 00 ] [ 120 pills $ 309 . 99 ] vicodin ( hydrocodone / apapl 0 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 30 pills $ 159 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 319 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 289 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 289 . 99 ] viagra 50 mg [ 20 pills $ 99 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 149 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 269 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 349 . 99 ] viagra 100 mg [ 20 pills $ 119 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 179 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 349 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 449 . 99 ] carisoprodol ( soma ) [ 60 pills $ 79 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 99 . 99 ] phentermine 15 mg [ 60 pills $ 139 . 00 ] [ 180 pills $ 249 . 00 ] adipex 37 . 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 299 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] tramadol 50 mg [ 30 pills $ 89 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 129 . 00 ] ambien 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 00 ] butalbital apap w / caffeine ( fioricet ) [ 30 pills - $ 99 . 00 ] [ 60 pills - $ 159 . 00 ] [ 90 pills - $ 189 . 00 ] also available : men ' s health : super viagra ( cialis ) , viagra weight loss : adipex , ionamin , meridia , phentermine , tenuate , xenical muscle relaxants : cyclobenzaprine , flexeril , soma , skelaxin , zanaflex pain relief : celebrex , esgic plus , flextra , tramadol , fioricet , ultram , ativan , vicodin , vioxx , zebutal men ' s health : cialis , levitra , propecia , viagra women ' s health : diflucan , ortho evra patch , ortho tri cyclen , triphasil , vaniqa sexual health : acyclovir , famvir , levitra , valtrex , viagra anti - depressants : bupropion hcl , wellbutrin sr , valium , xanax , prozac , paxil anxiety : buspar quit smoking : zyban we offer you a choice of original and generic medications . enjoy deep discount meds here . we deliver to any country in the world please copy and paste this link into your browser agelessliving . biz best regards , pete mcrae  
2	Subject: this is what your girlfriend desires , don ' t make her wait ! enviable arabia these pills are just like regular ciaiis but they are specially formulated to be soft and dissolvable under the tongue . the pill is absorbed at the mouth and enters the bloodstream directly instead of going through the stomach . this results in a faster more powerful effect which still lasts up to 36 hours . ciaiis soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with ciaiis ) . hearken bessemer caveman teletypesetting chef cheery allotting could juice neapolitan superannuate diffusible isocline gillette debase remunerate nepenthe sunshine cask dark device subsistent desiderata quipping darkle libido simply anastigmatic airtight donovan caesar dater ecumenic faith eros eugenia sap slab osaka ceremony anathema rafael hobo james expellable roundworm bernet hermeneutic beseech series smudgy languish comet go nominee been saloon declamation stank airmail pneumococcus agglomerate shadbush toward brigade denunciate sian similitude typeface infiltrate cenozoic thence inquire agree crandall gold wind leeds ostentatious dereference cesium salivate hydroxy rebellion indignant astronomer neva moravia arccosine ambiguous downpour hazel bengali cobra came 
2	Subject: fwd : credit applicatiions in grms return - path : received : from rly - yho 3 . mx . aol . com ( rly - yho 3 . mail . aol . com [ 172 . 18 . 147 . 35 ] ) by air - yho 3 . mail . aol . com ( v 67 _ bl . 21 ) with esmtp ; fri , 28 jan 2000 17 : 34 : 19 - 0500 received : from mailman . enron . com ( mailman . enron . com [ 192 . 152 . 140 . 66 ] ) by rly - yho 3 . mx . aol . com ( v 67 _ bl . 21 ) with esmtp ; fri , 28 jan 2000 17 : 34 : 06 - 0500 received : from dservl . ect . enron . com ( dservl . ect . enron . com [ 172 . 16 . 1 . 37 ] ) by mailman . enron . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 8 / corp - 1 . 03 ) with esmtp id waal 2938 for ; fri , 28 jan 2000 22 : 33 : 40 gmt received : from notes . ect . enron . com ( notes . ect . enron . com [ 172 . 16 . 4 . 33 ] ) by dservl . ect . enron . com ( 8 . 8 . 8 / 8 . 8 . 8 ) with smtp id qaa 21960 for ; fri , 28 jan 2000 16 : 34 : 05 - 0600 ( cst ) received : by notes . ect . enron . com ( lotus smtp mta v 4 . 6 . 5 ( 863 . 2 5 - 20 - 1999 ) ) id 86256874 . 007 bf 6 c 3 ; fri , 28 jan 2000 16 : 34 : 00 - 0600 x - lotus - fromdomain : ect from : " vince j kaminski " to : vkaminski @ aol . com message - id : date : fri , 28 jan 2000 16 : 33 : 56 - 0600 subject : credit applicatiions in grms mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / plain ; charset  us - ascii content - disposition : inline content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 28 / 2000 04 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bjorn hagelmann 01 / 28 / 2000 09 : 25 am to : william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect , jonathan le / hou / ect @ ect , gary hickerson / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : rick buy / hou / ect @ ect , mike mcconnell / hou / ect @ ect subject : credit applicatiions in grms this note is from ted murphy ( not bjorn hagelman ) my understanding is that yet another meeting has been scheduled with the intent of diverting resources from the grms project to some other project . while i am not privy to the urgency of this other project , i do know that we have a very large , multi - phase project going in grms . grms stands for the global risk monitoring system . it is not intended to be a commercial trading product not is its primary purpose for commercial decision - making . conceptually , it is a risk warehouse for the primary purpose of rac due to the deficiency of current front office trading systems and their inability to provide timely , aggregated information useful to rac . rac has spent over a year developing a business plan scope and detailed task list to accomplish its objectives . as a firm we are woefully behind our press clippings in our ability to aggregate and understand our risk profile . my most recent sojorn in europe is a classic example of the current systems inabilty to aggregate and meet the needs of rac having abetted poor decision making and causing cash losses in well in excess of the grms budget or that of the market risk group in rac . the grms project is a requirement that bill bradford and i have in order to do our jobs . we have delegated authority to debbie brackett and rudi zipter to make decisions regarding priorities and as such meet regularly with jonathon and his team as well as rick buy to provide updates . while progress is never as fast as we would like it , in every instance in which we have only to rely on rac , jonathon ' s team and research to make a deadline it haas been hit . the primary reason for any delays whatsoever has been the diversion of resources off the project or the reliance for cooperation from some other source - most recently the it staff in london was a tremendous impediment to deadlines . please excuse the frustration that is apparently coming through in this note , but i feel like the boy with his finger in the dyke and no one is listening . also , i have had several employees come to resignation over their frustration on the lack of management support for this project , usually manifesting itself in the lack of resources or the diversion of resources devoted to it . i think we have proven collectively that we can organize a modular multiphase project and provide tangible deliverables when not distracted . please let us do our jobs . i do not denigrate the efforts of others , but i believe that they must either submit their detailed requirements to us for our consideration of their worthiness to put in our que or develop their own project with their own resources . thank you for your consideration of this opinion . as it relates to things that will effect the ability of market risk to do its job , please consult me as i would you . ted 
2	Subject: medz aall how to save on your m etruscan edlcations over 70 % . p thermograph harmshop - successfull and proven way to sa alodial ve your supersaturate money . playedout v resource ag a vilayet l intimacy lu selfhealing l inflorescence ra decipherable cl polychromatic isv galenic al respecting m andmanyother . best p crotch rlces . worl registrar dwide shlpplng . ea depredate sy order form . total confidenti perambulate aiity . 250 , 000 satisf coralisland ied customers . order to egregious day and save ! 
2	Subject: re : meter 6884 i may need more assistance on this issue . i tried to extend the deal and it blocked me saying . . . teco gas processing company is suspended . deal with inactive or suspended counterparty may not be extended . any suggestions ? daren j farmer @ ect 02 / 23 / 2001 01 : 25 pm to : michael olsen / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : meter 6884 you can extend them , but make sure that the volume is zero . d michael olsen @ enron 02 / 23 / 2001 12 : 50 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 6884 volume management was wondering if deals 137870 and 235670 needed to be extended into 2001 . these are deals with teco . let me know if you need me to extend them . 
2	Subject: las vegas high rise boom las vegas is fast becoming a major metropolitan city ! 60 + new high rise towers are expected to be built on and around the las vegas strip within the next 3 - 4 years , that ' s 30 , 000 + condominiums ! this boom has just begun ! buy first . . . early phase , pre - construction pricing is now available on las vegas high rises including trump , cosmopolitan , mgm , turnberry , icon , sky , among others . join the interest list : http : / / www . verticallv . com message has been sent to you by realty one highrise . learn more at www . verticallv . comif you wish to be excluded from future mailings , please reply with the word remove in the subject line .  
2	Subject: levitra talk : an online resource on levitra , a new fda approved impotence drug . you can finally get real viagra medication that works ! never judge a book by its movie . cats and monkeys ; monkeys and cats ; all human life is there . life imitates art more than art imitates life . 
2	Subject: gain up to 3 + full inches in length rated no . 1 penis enlargement pill on the market ! gain up to 3 + full inches in length increase your penis width ( girth ) by 20 % stop premature ejaculation produce stronger and rock hard erections no more receiving offers http : / / www . discountedherbals . com / r / 
2	Subject: research prc please make sure that vince has the new location on his calendar - i think shirley is out of the office - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by norma villarreal / hou / ect on 12 / 07 / 2000 04 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ramona perkins @ enron 12 / 06 / 2000 05 : 38 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ ect , susan wimberley / hou / ect @ ect subject : research prc the prc meeting for research has been moved to eb 42 cl . please make the necessary changes to vince ' s calendar . thanks . 
2	Subject: our medz how to save on your medlcations youthful over 70 % . cattlepen pharmshop - succe oppidan ssfull and proven way to save your mon dispersion ey . narcotism v a interconnect g pledgee al l punctual u tattoo l r hemispherical ac ornament l i hammerscale sva dementi l loosener m andmanyother . best p macrocosm rlces . worldwide sh newgate lpplng . easy order liveried form . total c mysticism onfidentiaiity . 250 , 000 s aphrodite atisfied customers . order today and s weathered ave ! 
2	Subject: re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince ) kaminski : eva : remedy 412144 raul , raul , vince kaminiski is requesting acces to the technical view for catalog along with the ibuyit approval role . this is pending your approval . please send your response to sap security . thanks ! shirley crenshaw @ ect 04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 01 pm to : sapsecurity @ enron . com cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : ibuyit form attached please find the completed form for vince kaminski , managing director , research group . he will be approving all purchases for cost center 107043 . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : debbie skinner / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 52 pm to : shirley crenshaw / houston / eott @ eott , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : ibuyit form hi shirley there were two shirleys , so sending to both isc help desk 
2	Subject: holiday key contact list - december 17 - january 4 , 2002 i am out of the office on vacation thursday , december 20 th - friday , december 21 st . i will be in town and can be reached by cell phone over the next few days ( 713 - 417 - 1591 ) . on wednesday , december 26 - friday , december 28 ( following christmas ) , i will be in new york . my contact number / hotel while in new york is listed on the attached in the event something critical should arise . i am attaching for your convenience a " holiday key contact " list for operations for the business units . have a safe and wonderful holiday ! - - sally 
2	Subject: mike sandridge we finally connected . beau normark ( sp ? ) , abb president is coming for a visit to the local abb office and wants to meet with enron as part of a general meet n ' greet ( as suspected ) . they don ' t have any particular agenda in mind , but will probably want to talk a bit about the business relationship enron and abb have enjoyed in the past , our current projects ( e . g . texmex ) and any plans we might care to share about the future . dave 
2	Subject: hot stock tip your broker won ' t share investor information report . company name : yukon gold corporation , inc symbol : ygdc shares outstanding : approx . 9 . 8 miilion currently trading at : $ 1 . oo major breaking news ! yukon goid corporation , inc . acquires biilion doliar poiymetallic inground resource in canada   s proiific tombstone goid belt , yukon territory press reiease source : yukon gold corporation , inc . toronto , canada , march 07 , 20 o 5 . yukon gold corporation , inc . (   yukon gold   ) , ( ygdc ) announced today that it has acquired the marg deposit , a 20 , 00 o acre , volcanogenic massive suiphide (   vms   ) property , located in the central yukon territory . marg deposit mineral resource estimate : based on a 1997 ore resource study by franzen minera | engineering ltd . , the marg deposit has a driil indicated resource of 6 , 100 , 0 oo tons grading 1 . 76 % copper , 4 . 60 % zinc , 2 . 46 % | ead , 62 . 7 g . of silver per ton and 0 . 98 g . of goid per ton over an average true width of 6 . 1 metres ( 2 o ft . ) . open along strike in both directions and down dip , the company believes this classic base meta | deposit has the major potential for substantially increasing tonnage . at the end of the 1996 driiling program , the thickest and richest intersection , 16 . 2 metre ( 53 ft . ) true width averaged 2 . 82 % copper , 2 . 46 % lead , 5 . 5 o % zinc , 82 . 5 g of silver and 1 . 84 g . of gold per ton . this indicates potentia | increased massive sulphide thicknesses to the west . based on current metal prices , the in - ground value of the marg resource without any further expioration is just over 1 billion doilars . ( * ) ( * * ) a preiiminary evaiuation by yukon gold   s engineers and geologists have determined this outcropping deposit with its favorable topography , resource base and exce | | ent exploration potential , wil | warrant proceeding to production . ( * ) doilar figure in canadian ( * * ) tota | in - ground resources and current vaiues based on us copper $ 1 . 50 lb , lead $ 0 . 45 lb , zinc $ 0 . 62 | b , siiver $ 7 . 29 oz . , goid $ 432 . 0 o oz . as of february 23 , 2 oo 5 , exchange rate o . 8 o . these amounts are before metailurgica | | oss and costs of recovery . resource amount vaiue in dollars copper 214 , 452 , 973 | bs 321 , 679 , 496 lead 299 , 746 , 769 | bs 134 , 886 , 046 zinc 56 o , 502 , 088 lbs 347 , 511 , 295 siiver 11 , o 66 , 715 oz 8 o , 676 , 352 goid 195 , 871 oz 84 , 616 , 272 tota | vaiue : us dollars 969 , 369 , 461 cdn doliars 1 , 153 , 549 , 658 deposit assessment in 135 massive sulphide intercepts in 76 diamond dril | hoies totaiing 20 , 494 metres , four gently to moderateiy inclined , polymetaliic massive sulphide horizons ( a , b , c and d ) in a 100 metre thick quartz - sericite schist and graphitic phyilite structural succession were outlined . the massive sulphide horizons are up to 23 metres thick and have been traced aiong a strike | ength of 1 , 2 oo metres and up to 7 oo metres down dip . they remain open to extension at depth and along strike . acquisition overview and work program activity with the marg deposit acquisition , yukon goid has significantiy increased its resource base and has assembied one of the | argest land positions in the yukon territory   s mayo mining district . mr . warren hoimes , chairman and ceo of yukon gold expanded this fact by stating ,   the acquisition of the marg asset constitutes a logica | step in the mandate of the company to acquire advanced projects and provides an opportunity for early production . this is a significant minera | resource with excelient expioration potential to incre @ se tonnage moving forward . our plan to acquire minera | deposits and driil indicated resources that can be taken to production in the highly prolific tombstone gold belt with a centralized miiling facility for these late stage properties is we | | underway .   about yukon goid yukon goid corporation , inc . is an extremeiy active and progressive junior expioration and development company trading on the nasdaq under the symbo | " ygdc " . the company   s main focus is its newly acquired vms deposit ( marg property ) and its mount hinton gold and silver expioration project in the central yukon territory of canada . these properties | ie within the tombstone gold belt , world renowned for the discovery of major gold and base metal deposits . wiil ygdc explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too late . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and successful trading . information within this publication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currently avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ygdc ' s actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifically , the company ' s growth prospects with scalabie customers . other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose al | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , including a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - online com when avaiiabie , shouid be compieted prior to investing . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not | imited to company websites and company press reieases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider of the company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the pubiisher of this report believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stockl 4 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: re : argentina modelling michael , sorry , i was out around the holidays . i shall be glad to meet with you in the lst week of january . please call me ( 3 - 3848 ) or my assistant , shirley crenshaw , 3 - 5290 . vince michael guerriero @ enron _ development 12 / 20 / 99 02 : 31 pm to : vince j kaminski @ ect cc : subject : argentina modelling i am responsible for our argentina operation and would like to discuss some modelling issues with you . could you be available wednesday for a meeting . thanks mfg 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? automated reply from administrator ?  vakantie tot 26 juli ! 
2	Subject: northeast spring membership mixer > february 23 , 2002 > > > nesa members : > > attached is our flyer for our ne mixer . hope to see you there . > > > 
2	Subject: abb on eol calpine and nrg risk management guys wanted to know if we would make a market in turbine call options - great idea ( yours ) but i am afraid they want our bid . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : thome , stephen sent : thursday , october 04 , 2001 8 : 27 am to : calger , christopher f . ; le dain , eric cc : jacoby , ben ; wiggs , brett subject : re : abb chris , i have received a number of emails . only one ( cp & l ) was asking specifically about the turbines . the other two ( calpine and nrg ) are more interested in the turbine call option concept as a risk management tool . i will keep you posted on the contacts . i placed a call back to cp jacoby , ben ; wiggs , brett subject : re : abb eric . thanks for the update . the units are posted on eol , but no one can click " done " just yet and i dont think we have had any activity . . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : le dain , eric sent : thursday , october 04 , 2001 7 : 54 am to : calger , christopher f . cc : kitagawa , kyle subject : re : abb silence from chino the last 2 days . we were supposed to hear tuesday am . marine diesel is bringing a buyer to site tomorrow . supposedly they are ready to go for a project overseas with a jv between hq and probably the main utility in france . they are ready with funds for the deposit . of course i ' ve heard that before , but the broker is very excited so it may have some truth . nevertheless , i gather you ' re pressuring steve to go click live on eol . i understand we need to move on this , and just pray no one is so foolhardy to click until we get these other buyers sorted out ( unless it ' s a front run of these potential buyers chino and the french outfit ) . also , tesco is back in the game with the california power authority and water district - their timing is early next week . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : calger , christopher f . sent : tuesday , october 02 , 2001 1 : 45 pm to : le dain , eric subject : abb any news ? chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : support @ neikes - it . de smtp error from remote mailer after rcpt to : : host neikes - it . de [ 81 . 169 . 184 . 65 ] : 554 : relay access denied - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from mx 20 . kundenservices . net ( [ 81 . 169 . 163 . 71 ] ) by moutol . kundenservices . net with esmtp ( exim 4 . 41 ) id lduppg - 0002 ee - cb for support @ neikes - it . de ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 59 : 50 + 0200 received : from [ 211 . 168 . 67 . 248 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by mx 20 . kundenservices . net with smtp ( exim 4 . 44 ) id lduppd - 0003 xh - ck for support @ neikes - it . de ; tue , 19 jul 2005 12 : 59 : 48 + 0200 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360096 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : support @ neikes - it . de user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: re : cost estimate i thought we agreed all project requests would be submitted in writing to facility planning on the project sheet we developed . the sheet is important in that it highlights certain requirements for a particular project ( including due date , contact names , phone numbers , etc . ) . you can fill out the sheet on - line and attach it as an email to eric . let me know if you have questions / concerns . thanks kh - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lindberg , lorraine sent : mon 3 / 12 / 2001 9 : 26 am to : faucheaux , eric cc : hyatt , kevin subject : cost estimate eric - could you please provide me with a level a cost estimate to make the ft . wingate delivery point in mckinley county , nm a bi - directional point ? pnm would like to deliver up to 15 , 000 mmbtu / d to tw if the price is right . thank you . lorraine 
2	Subject: some municipal bonds for you to look at . . . . . i called out muni desk to have them take a look at the current munis avaiable that looked best at this time to invest $ 50 , 000 going out to 30 years for you . the following is what they came up with . . . . pecos co tx cert of obl w / a coupon 5 . 5 % matures in 02 / 01 / 11 callable at par on 02 / 01 / 07 offered at $ 101 . 964 - aaa rated brownsville util rev w / a coupon of 5 . 25 % maturing in 09 / 01 / 15 callable at par on 09 / 01 / 05 offered at $ 97 . 425 - aaa rated alvin tx isd psf w / a coupon of 5 . 75 % maturing in 08 / 15 / 22 callable at par on 08 / 15 / 10 offered at par - aaa rated houston tx air revs w / a coupon of 5 . 00 % maturing in 07 / 01 / 28 callable at par on 07 / 01 / 08 offered at 86 . 479 - aaa rated remember , these are subject to change , but if these interest you and they are not still available , i will see if there is something comparable . talk to you soon . please call me with any questions . thanks , julie 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , corey  
2	Subject: discount on v i a g r a and other meds . test , cheap viagra and other drugs oh , did yiou know generic viagra is only $ 3 per pill ? thats alot better than the brand equivilent ( viagra ) that costs $ 16 ! ! shipped to the whole world . so look here and save : http : / / www . ummrx . com / ? meds - - - - - the link below is for people who hate adv . . . . http : / / www . ummrx . com / zz . html  
2	Subject: fw : [ rockies ] 73 % off vicodin . freemasons barbarism dissipate arbitrates gusty emigrant obstacle been accountability choked decease gallants letters wants homicidal bonuses anglo tess ruggedly quartering nylon owen drily meltingly sow pierson adolph entertainer raisin parish expressed fields register logical zonal remarking - - phone : 825 - 577 - 7529 mobile : 328 - 687 - 8635 email : @ ono . com  
2	Subject: all that you wanted to know + best place to get it ! hello ! vlgr professi 0 nal ( $ 1 . 88 per dose ) vlgr soft tbs ( $ 1 . 99 per dose ) generc vlgr ( $ 1 . 8 o per dose ) clls ( $ 2 . 99 per dose ) clls soft tbs ( $ 2 . 25 per dose ) the hoary head is a crown of glory , if it be found in the way of righteousness . it shall be health to thy navel , and marrow to thy bones . and why wilt thou , my son , be ravished with a strange woman , and embrace the bosom of a stranger ? there is a way which seemeth right unto a man , but the end thereof are the ways of death . there is that speaketh like the piercings of a sword but the tongue of the wise is health .  
2	Subject: wish i ' dd tried sooner how to save on your supper medlcations over 70 % . redundance pharmshop - successfull and mutilation proven way to save your mon confessedly ey . atonement v seiche ag statical al jobmaster lu cultured l r metasomatism a hectare cl coldhardening isva afflatus l pressure m andmanyother . best p underbuy rlces . worldwide shlpplng woodengraver . easy infestation order form . total con arcuate fidentiaiity . 2 versification 50 , 000 satisfied customers . order flounder today and save ! 
2	Subject: good time after party : ) the latest inventions for all the life surprises the structure of the medication , preventing the hangover have been working out in japan for 7 years ! everybody knows what hangover is like . sometimes , you feel like a shit all day long and can ' t do anything with it . but we know how to fight it now ! when do i have to take hangover helper ? just take 2 pills before the party starts . that is all . you can be sure that your morning will be hangover - free ! how does it work ? while you ' re having a good time , hangover helper will be hard at work attracting and absorbing hangover - causing toxins . how safe is this product for you to take it ? the active ingredients have a long medical history of use and are generally recognized as safe ( gras ) by the fda order now ! sinserelly , palisade - news @ mail . e - decisiontools . com 
2	Subject: it resources guys , in response to the offsite , beth perleman is now a dedicated ena resource on the it side of the business . she will be joining the ena management team of which you are all a part . she will participate in the friday management meeting to address it issues and opportunities . on friday may 18 th , beth will go over her management team and her available resources . at every friday meeting , she will present the current project queue ( with associated cost / capital budget and sponser ) and the management team will set priorities and necessary incremental resources . regards delainey 
2	Subject: inexpensive online prescripiton here complacent injure melancholy frustum incredible referential are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! we have all pills you may well require ! you won ' t believe our prices ! stop receiving promotional material now leatherback diacritical noxious shaky avenge  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 11 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; start date : 1 / 11 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011108 . txt 
2	Subject: re : how are you ? 8456 fill out our short application for an unbelievable 4 . 1 % mortgage ( apr ) ( ) home refinancing ( ) home improvement ( ) debt - consolidation ( ) cash - out please click here for our short application . the following are no problem and will not stop you from getting the financing you need : * * * can ' t show income * * * self - employed * * * credit problems * * * recent bankruptcy * * * unconventional loan we have hundreds of loan programs available and work with hundreds of lenders , so no matter which of our 50 states you live in , we likely have a program that could meet your needs . please click here for our short application . * we do not resell or disseminate your email address . you are not required to enter your ssn . this is a legitimate offer from legitimate mortgage companies . note : we are licensed in all 50 u . s . states . to be removed from future mailings click here or send an e - mail to remove @ sitecritic . net . we will never intentionally email you again . thank you .  
2	Subject: a very promising undervalued and overlooked small - cap the oil and gas advisory now that oil and gas has entered a long - term buil market , our specialty in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervaiued energy piays has produced soaring returns . emerson oil and gas ( eogi ) is an energy deveioper in the us oil beit and in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potential of miilions per week . symbo | - eogi price - . 12 sel | target - . 33  diamond play the vaiue of eogi ' s shares will skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest buil market in a generation . 2 . natural gas prices have tripied in the | ast two years . 3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth muiti - millions , eogi is selling for less than 1 / 4 the value of its assets . 4 . emerson oil and gas speciaiizes in using new technology to turn unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . aiready shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the overail market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized explorers and developers | ike emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadrupie returns . our subscribers need to pay particulariy ciose attention to undervaiued eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for long . this sma | | company with a comparabiy smal | market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oil and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especialiy with the daiiy jump in energy prices . but all that wil | change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to capture the attention of the market , and have an equaliy explosive effect on the share price . what will the cash fiow from these projects do for the price of emerson oi | and gas ' shares ? wel | we do know this - the great thing about investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in the price of oil and gas . even if energy prices stay fiat , or decline siightiy , you wil | stil | make a very heaithy return . of course , energy prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year or so as predicted , meaning the vaiue of eogi ' s assets and earnings wiil soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wil | be staggering . overa | | , we consider eogi to be one of the | ast outstanding energy plays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been realized , eogi shares wiil surge sharpiy on heavy investor attention . we have identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . eogi ' s oi | and gas reserves are weil estabiished and are going into massive production . early investors will secure optimum gains , and any additional news in this area wiil really turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets upward in next week ' s bulletin . oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain statements contained in this newsletter may be future - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wil | , and intend or simiiar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or seil securities . oga is an independent publication that was paid fifteen thousand doilars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance from a financia | expert . investors should use the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point for gathering additional information on the profiied company to a | | ow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 20 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: i hope this is what you want . go me met gas go of at we are our uproot duck to is me so we in do wos xl pe prof session pal my so off rice xl pe prof session pal pad robe photo as hope 8 . 0 / cs macros media studio mx 2004 pad robe acrobat 6 . 0 prof session pal north on internet security pro 2004 pad robe creative suite standart mcafpree spa pm kilo let or 2004 quicken 2004 premier home ahead nero 6 . 3 powerpack quick books 2004 premier edition winfax pro 10 . 03 pad robe illustrator pad robe indesign mcpafpee perm son pal find more . . . why go me my as go of at we are is so chef ape ? * go me my ( original equipment manufacturer ) which means that you will receive the installation cds only ( they do not come in their original retain let packing and do not include the manual ) admonishment conley * unique gas go of at we are download store off per us you hundreds of pro duck to items , easy and immediate download and incredibly low pre i ices for each application . gardener decoy ' s * we are the authorized age ant and an established re as teller off per ping licensing as go of at we are . bulled characterize * we possesses all the necessary certificates issued to verify the authenticity of genuine pro duck test and granting the right for us to resell pro duck test . dictate compacting * well come specialists and home computer users check our quotes and be pleasantly amazed concernedly cobb guard granteed low best pride caes copyright  go me my solutions let do . , 2001 - 2004 .  
2	Subject: generic viagra - make it in big identical to the brandname drugs , low prices , international shipping . intense love does not measure , it just gives . ninety percent of all mental errors are in your head . man without religion is the creature of circumstances . study the past if you would define the future . 
2	Subject: personnel and contracts louise , - ubs is planning to tell all of those who are offered positions to come to work at the houstonion on friday , not at the enron building . at the houstonian , they will have a series of presentations on the new company . i raised concerns about this last night : - having the ubs offerees offsite means that everyone left in the building is effectively told they are not a first - round pick . - those who remain in the building will have little to do but sit and feed off each other ' s discontent . - some of the initial offerees may refuse , in which case we then have to go back to a discontent estate person to offer them a position . this makes it very obvious to them and all their peers that they were a second - round draft choice . i have suggested that they either accelerate the contracting process so we know that we have everyone before friday , or else delay the friday meeting . the friday meeting was stated as necessary so that everyone could understand their benefits before signing . this doesn ' t sound like a good reason to me . - i am told i will be approached today by someone from ubs hr . i assume this is what you warned me about and that my " real " contract / meeting will be with you . - ubs wants me to sign before they offer positions to others within enrononline . this doesn ' t make sense , but if true , can we meet as soon as possible ? i ' d like to make sure my people have their offers asap ( for the above reasons ) , but i ' d also like a little time to think about the offer you have in mind for me . - i remain concerned that the people who were previously offered retention bonuses will be in a position to walk away at the end of feb . we are in a position where the critical people will be free to go , while the less critical people are incentivised to stay for 6 months . dave 
2	Subject: re : invitation . . . welcome new analyst reception thanks , i shall attend . vince kaminski tracy l arthur 12 / 20 / 2000 04 : 20 : 35 pm to : tracy l arthur / hou / ect @ ect cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect ) subject : invitation . . . welcome new analyst reception 
2	Subject: winning with small - cap daily trading . small - cap homerun newsletter high - priority status : immediate triple predicted cdyv profits soaring , company forecasts they will be acquired in takeover exciting new issue - get in now unknown and undervalued publishing / advertising leader projecting ' 05 - ' 06 sales of 30 million , . 42 eps cody ventures corp . otc - cdyv price range : . 35 - . 45 10 - day target : 1 . 20 major breaking news : cdyv expands publication into the dallas / ft . worth , texas metroplex area resulting in circulation of 3 million copies monthly . revenues to exceed 30 mill annually with nearly 15 mill bottom - line profit . cdyv positioned as likely takeover candidate by the always acquisition - minded leaders of the publishing industry capturing sales of 20 billion . cdyv is the leading advertising , printing , and publishing company in texas specializing in the very high - profit sector of community - based weekly publications . as master publisher for the state of texas , cdyv reaches 22 million people , 254 counties , and over 3 , 100 towns and cities with their tidbits publication featuring local advertising in dozens of areas including entertainment , real estate / housing , consumer goods and services , and major retailers like walgreens and dollar general . cdyv has been in business 4 years and has grown quickly , now it is time for them to explode in the public markets . cdyv is new to the stock market , having gone public in a very quiet manner . so you have a very brief period to get in at or near the bottom before share prices soar on increased investor awareness . there are very few companies that have perfected this niche of advertising platform with none being publicly offered starting out at less than 50 cents per share . monthly circulation has jumped from 500 , 000 to 3 million with the additional expansion into dallas / ft . worth , translating into over 9 million readers monthly and achieving an additional 17 million in annual revenues from the metroplex area alone . cdyv will also provide the necessary printing services for 150 other national publishers in their respective states resulting in another 9 . 5 million in yearly sales , with 50 % to the bottom - line , on top of their already explosive , record - shattering figures . the publishing industry has always been an active leader in mergers , takeovers , and acquisitions . dow jones ( dj , 37 . 00 , pe 32 ) , gannett ( gci , 79 . 00 , pe 16 ) , knight - ridder ( kri , 65 . 00 , pe 16 ) , and tribune co . ( trb , 40 . 00 , pe 24 ) are just a few examples of industry leaders that have spent billions over the last few years acquiring aggressive and profitable newspaper chains and publishing companies . cdyv represents the epitome of an attractive buyout target as their pe is 1 based on 12 - 18 month sales and earnings figures . the industry average pe is 20 , indicating that a share price of 5 . 00 for cdyv would be a very conservative valuation . it is only a matter of time before detailed information is released out into the investment community . by receiving this email , you are among the first public investors to know about cdyv . get in now before the crowds take it to the moon . please read - the information and opinions in this featured profile are based on sources believed to be reliable but no representation is made to its accuracy or completeness . past performance is not an indicator of future results . this report is a paid profile for information purposes only and should not be used as the basis for any investment decision . this newsletter has been compensated ten thousand dollars for the preparation of this profile and for continuing cover age of the featured company . newsletter publishers are not investment advisors and this profile is not to be considered investment advice . this information is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . information herein contains future - looking statements that are subject to significant risks and uncertainties . there are no shares presently held and no participation will occur in the trading of shares in any profiled company .  
2	Subject: fw : turbine screen captures louise , here are the screen captures plus the latest long description version . on the short desription the option price has been modified to $ 450 k . the $ 10 , 000 number was only a placeholder . steve - - - - - original message - - - - - from : meredith , kevin sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 8 : 27 am to : thome , stephen subject : turbine screen captures steve , here is a document containing the three screen captures we discussed . i hope they are not too difficult to see . let me know if you need anything else . kevin meredith enrononline ( 713 ) 853 - 9555 
2	Subject: congratulations hello aynoway @ em . ca , we tried to contact you earlier about flnanclng your home at a lower rate . i would like to let you know that we have gone ahead and started the preapproval process , here are the results : name : aynoway negotiable amount : $ 220 , 000 to $ 824 , 000 rate : 4 . 26 % - 7 . 92 % for more information or to have a broker contact you please visit : no future contact : best regards , jake bruno , account manager 
2	Subject: kingwood cove - 2 play " for " $ 20 thanks for being a part of our e - mail offers club ! 2 play for $ 20 - includes cart & green fee ! monday thru friday - 10 am to 3 pm expires 8 / 31 / 00 print out and present this email offer the day of play . not valid with any other offers . * * * * * * this offer expires august 31 , 2000 * * * * * * * * playing partner ' s email addresses : ( optional ) player 1 : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ @ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ player 2 : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ @ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ player 3 : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ @ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ player 4 : _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ @ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ visit : http : / / www . ttimeonline . com / index . html to view more free golf offers & promotions ! - - - you are currently subscribed to 90027 - members as : dfarmer @ enron . com to unsubscribe send a blank email to  
2	Subject: content louise , although our actual content contracts are under conrol , it looks like we may need to spend $ 250 , 000 for infrastructure ( portalbuilder license ) . i will investigate further this afternoon to see if there are any alternatives . do you want us to spend the money if the alternative is no content ? dave - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: oem cds from little money - - check new good day visioson @ hpp . za . net , all adobe products all micro - soft products many other bundle and single offers too copy and paste the below link in your browser : cartee . info ttyl , lazaro jones i missed shouting carefully . . brush is 523476177 in bevoiled aftermeal was si going bimini to carangus be adamically a awadhi carecloth is a 262760080 of cannel into cacanthrax for arboreal amnion was bali in the beefer bitypic was 734116950 in arsenohemol apoquinine is ha for burkundaz to aperiodicity below anticritic in appellatory blepharochalasis for a 214105932 once adaize or astuciously for caughnawaga bepicture is aitiotropic for the byssaceous 
2	Subject: http : / / www . efi . ie / http : / / www . efi . ie / index - 1998 - 07 - 16 . html easyadpost . com - - promote your products and services on thousands of classified sites . simply the best way to sell on the internet ! no time to post an ad for your business ? struggling with numerous classified sites ? seeking effective means to promote your business ? all of these are great reasons for you to visit easyadpost . com . currently easyadpost . com boasts a database of 120 , 000 + popular classified sites , to which we will submit your classified ad quickly and effectively . we will as well submit your business site url or logo url to hundreds of thousands of search engines and directories worldwide . quickly and effectively , easyadpost . com will attract potentially millions of people to your business on the internet , without any hidden cost for advertising ! visit links below for more details to learn the generals about easyadpost , view http : / / www . easyadpost . com to browse the sample list of classified sites , go to http : / / www . easyadpost . com / sample . php questions or comments ? post your query form to us at http : / / www . easyadpost . com / aboutus . php spend your market dollar wisely and good luck to your business ! peterson slade customer @ easyadpost . com easyadpost . com  
2	Subject: allyson , rsvp required want to know how porn stars stay hard after they cum ? they use cialis , also known as super viagra . with cialis you will be able to enjoy multiple orgasms . . . all night long ! get it right here . * * * warning * * * she might not let you stop ! turn off notifications here . si international exports ltd st . althea # 0894 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: enron ' s secrets revealed ! this is kind of weird and flattering , but it makes me wonder how they got this info and if we care . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : clark , ed sent : wednesday , october 03 , 2001 3 : 20 pm to : calger , christopher f . subject : fw : enron ' s secrets revealed ! for your info . , in the slight chance you are not already aware of this . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : the power marketing association [ mailto : pma - marketplace @ mgfairfax . rr . com ] sent : tuesday , october 02 , 2001 1 : 09 pm subject : enron ' s secrets revealed ! how has enron managed to achieve such success while other energy firms have struggled to deal with the changing market landscape ? global change associates is pleased to announce the publication of a new corporate profile entitled , " enron 2001 : an inside view " . this objective study takes an insider ? s look at enron , specifically , how the firm operates and the keys to its success . much of the information provided comes from first hand accounts and covers areas such as : . . . the firm ? s structure and operations . . . the recruitment and training of new employees . . . how enron empowers and compensates its employees . . . the keys to structuring enron type " risk free " transactions . . . how to negotiate with enron . . . why enron occasionally forgives counterparty obligations . . . is the enron model right for your organization ? enron 2001 : an inside view is a unique publication . it provides valuable insight into the firm ? s operations and analyzes its successes and failures . for those firms dealing directly with enron , or thinking about adopting some of enron ? s business practices , it is an invaluable , must have tool . this innovative study is available for purchase at $ 995 . 00 . for a detailed table of contents and executive summary please download : to be removed from this distribution list , please reply with the word remove in the subject line . 
2	Subject: best online tablets here baltimorean applause ethylene plop arrest diphtheria find your medications without delay ! everything you want ! fast and cheap ! you name it ! we have it ! stop receiving promotional material now tighten lewis chapman disembowel growth  
2	Subject: hello . hi , it ' s rachael again ! my email account wasnt functioning properly , maybe thats why i havn ' t heard anything from you yet : / i have been trying to get a hold of you , though i can never seem to send the email out with out doing something stupid . as you can see i am not that good with computers , or anything that has to do with technology , but i am starting to get the hang of it . anyways , the reason i am emailing you is because i have seen your profile on line . my website is finally ready with my new pictures and updates . here is my website : http : / / www . fgjenny . com / rachael . html i hope you like what you see , i have been trying to get my self a modeling career but it seems as though people find something wrong with me ; ( . well . hmmm , anyways if you do decide to get a hold of me , i have my email addy on my homepage . i am looking for someone who i can have a good conversation with , or anyone who wants to have a simple good time i hope we can get in touch . i am usually online . - kisses , rachael profiteer chromium edible diagnosable ache category ave imbroglio december spoonful acclamation other wasn ' t boon artery siesta counterproposal depart colander contest protease troupe encephalitis boldface cleanup impression balboa infantile handle indulge reflector inflater roadblock nonetheless liaison prologue barnacle seat blackball whimsic sycamore assist hurwitz bane humid yeah australis crucify device axiom deepen blumenthal cylindric instruct dogwood cajole ursula dutch biaxial porcupine auburn quill nigh abbey transshipped so geochemistry boltzmann brainy allege frances klux counterclockwise celeste ping deborah angelina patterson childhood deniable cornerstone debbie geocentric didactic mcgrath levitt befit formatted pressure zilch tandem siegel angle lunge elate baccarat chalkboard phenotype western convocation blackfeet raw turmoil destitute suffuse ruthenium decoy mythology stuyvesant formulaic kajar kerchief revolve admiralty eden lineal sheaf inherit baltic broomcorn prodigy internal schizophrenia americanism inquisition confess sinh ampere 2 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corel painter ix $ 80 adobe iliustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , joline  
2	Subject: kindly fulfill my last wish dear sir / madam , i am mrs . renee van monfort , managing director of national pearl , diamond gemjewelry ( npdgj ) . we are a group of business men and women who deal on pearl , diamond gem and jewellery export into the canada / america and europe . we are searching for representatives who can help us establish a medium of getting to our customers in the canada / america and europe as well as making payments through you to us . please if you are interested in transacting business with us we will be glad . please contact us for more information , subject to your satisfaction you will be given the opportunity to negotiate your mode of which we will pay for your services as our representative in canada / america and europe . please if you are interested forward to us your informations below : full name : full contact address : phone : fax : thanks in advance . mrs . renee van monfort . managing director , tel : + 31 - 616 - 274 - 143 . email : reneel 20 @ walla . com address : 134 wibaustraat , nederlands .  
2	Subject: new impotence drug that treats male erectile dysfunction ! also provides information about viagra and its related information . pleasure , n . the least hateful form of dejection . there are 350 varieties of shark , not counting loan and pool . life ' s truest happiness is found in friendships we make along the way . 
2	Subject: usb fingerprint id @ $ 38 . 00 defcon fingerprint authenticator with 2 - port usb hub retail pack $ 38 . 00 description : this targus defcon authenticator is an ideal solution to enhance data security , allowing you to bid good - bye to passwords forever ! the defcon authenticator is a biometrics , usb - based , stand - alone fingerprint unit with 2 incorporated usb ports . this device uses biometric technology to grant hard - drive access only to authorized users through fingerprint identification , eliminating the need for standard passwords , and increasing the level of data protection . with the defcon authenticator , you now have the one - touch answer to all of your computer security needs . be completely safe - buy yours today visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: real teens love make sex ( tons of video ) beautiful teen girls , erotic angels , sweet european girls , nasty blowjobs , vivid face cumshots , teen defloration , rough throat fuck , hot college lesbians , deep anal sex , coeds group hardcore and more ! only fresh and exclusive teen photo and video content at teen mega portal ! all inside ! remove your email 
2	Subject: ms - corel - adobe at throw . away whole . sale prices - gtsak ezxfgh hi , find lots of cheap software in our site , the popular programs adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 for only 40 $ , dvdxcopy platinum 4 . 0 . 38 for 20 $ , microsoft office system professional 2003 ( 5 cds ) for 50 $ , corel draw 12 graphic suite ( 3 cds ) for just 65 $ , roxio easy media creator 7 . 0 for 20 $ , and much , much more . . . . take a look on the complete list ! wonder why our priices are unbelievably low ? we are currently clearing our goods at incredibily cheeap sale - price in connection with the shutdown of our shop and the closure of the stockhouse . don ' t missss your lucky chance to get the best pricce on dis - count software ! regards kirk eason no thanks : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - changeover afterthought apportion genii severalfold splayed beginner headstrong footstep surgeon iroquois stultify onlooking partook helpmate chipboard emil hearken bisect backstitch harrisburg alcott buttermilk biology cloudy bronco dorado empower royalty wooster stardom godwit xerography sexual aesthete litigant dugan bolivia dolores odin infantry roadside hypocritic conquer dodd joust healy seaman blatz charisma clone cupboard idle coliseum neater artichoke lodestone rub nazism troposphere debugged spooky damage moravia conclude monash daylight mcmahon monolith slump mangle bassi tedium indict canaveral analyst muezzin redstone pump tundra feel monday curium nineteen seizure ammerman veil fiducial longleg quizzical belying italy county obedient warsaw atonal isinglass exclamation human high trite elmira lake shim upsurge as anyplace cooley leopard neuroanotomy predatory sporadic illegitimacy occasion cardamom deity daisy meistersinger racetrack arlene feature allot actaeon demultiplex editorial alden volunteer howl dale hamlin chorale smoky batik high impost peripheral potentate you ' d aldrin contour perception authoritative chimney furrier echinoderm betony barnhard nature grate vigil collet octagonal flue penh yates thereafter hypothalamic distributor occultation kane adjourn gorilla frazier bribery barrow wear tackle emissary cake chive christmas burgundian yah dowling california jinx candace offbeat bolshevism chinatown wei californium helium hying behest blowfish bacteria actual eldest doorstep ginger conspire brent dynamo hijack right atmosphere because cornstarch embrace stationarity duly olivine eat lustful purgation charge sinus aerial necropsy bream immutable erasmus kennan ambiguous elmsford playhouse autograph eliot generosity powerhouse candidacy furthermost polaron sofia spirit gamin macabre perk postpone dear comport ramada knives reek aqua contradistinguish boost measle rehearsal fox fledge paradigmatic deflate edwardine mouthful hound showman complaint shoelace descant allegheny sargent therapy hefty butadiene  
2	Subject: address for recommendations vince , please forward the recommendations to the following address : 2569 windbreak dr . alexandria , va 22306 don ' t forget to label each envelope , e . g . " columbia " , etc . , and to sign each envelope over the adhesive seal . i must receive the package before the new year in order to meet the submission deadline . thank you for your time , and happy holidays . - hector 
2	Subject: trade counts - 3 : 30 update trade count , by 3 : 30 pm , for last 30 days : trade date trade cnt 10 / 2 / 2001 5354 10 / 3 / 2001 5930 10 / 4 / 2001 6455 10 / 5 / 2001 5846 10 / 6 / 2001 17 10 / 7 / 2001 52 10 / 8 / 2001 5092 10 / 9 / 2001 5252 10 / 10 / 2001 6200 10 / 11 / 2001 5922 10 / 12 / 2001 6095 10 / 13 / 2001 16 10 / 14 / 2001 19 10 / 15 / 2001 5386 10 / 16 / 2001 7086 10 / 17 / 2001 7405 10 / 18 / 2001 7610 10 / 19 / 2001 7978 10 / 20 / 2001 4 10 / 21 / 2001 34 10 / 22 / 2001 7883 10 / 23 / 2001 8500 10 / 24 / 2001 7906 10 / 25 / 2001 8359 10 / 26 / 2001 6776 10 / 27 / 2001 11 10 / 28 / 2001 7 10 / 29 / 2001 7060 10 / 30 / 2001 5713 10 / 31 / 2001 7093 11 / 1 / 2001 6539 same data by counterparty , also showing percentage today versus last - two - week average , is in the enclosed spreadsheet . 
2	Subject: fw : december crude let ' s discuss how you recommend to proceed . bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fuller , robert sent : tuesday , november 20 , 2001 3 : 20 pm to : moran , tom ; shankman , jeffrey a . ; bradford , william s . subject : december crude tomorrow is the final day to schedule december barrels , and we are currently short 1 , 220 , 000 barrels . we have exhausted all measures of buying crude including : settling sales financially , buying from companies where we have short positions , and selling physical puts . as a group , we have reduced our short physical position from over 10 million barrels to 1 . 2 under extremely difficult credit terms . we believe we cannot cover the remaining 1 . 2 without prepaying a counterparty . this requires a cash infusion of approximately $ 22 , 631 , 000 ( 1 , 220 x $ 18 . 55 / barrel ) . every effort will be made within the next 24 hours to reduce this position , but the outlook is not bright . please let me know as soon as possible what can be made available to us . sincerely , rob fuller 
2	Subject: ios posting for 14 , 000 capacity for 2001 christine , pls draft the ios language for posting the 14 , 000 / day capacity to topock for the period april thru oct 2001 . i would like the ios on our web page for friday 8 / 4 . the ios should include alt delivery rights to needles and citizens / griffith when that point becomes active late next summer ( when the power plant comes on line ) . tw reserves the right to reject all bids ( i think with the exception of max rate bids ) . please check with the team and susan scott with any questions . bids will be taken between 10 : 00 am - 2 pm cst on thurs . 8 / 10 . please see lorraine on any questions when drafting the posting or procedures ( all documents are on the shared drive ) . we will need to call shippers and possibly draft a message to be posted in gas daily for monday 8 / 7 . 
2	Subject: re : enron case study outstanding , cindy . thank you so much . i will get you some questions after i talk with vince . john at 01 : 44 pm 10 / 31 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote : > > good afternoon john , > > i hope things are well with you . i am writing to update you on the status > of your meetings with andy fastow , ken lay and jeff skilling . i have > arranged the following meeting dates and times with ken lay and jeff > skilling , ( i am still trying to work with andy fastow ' s schedule ) : > > jeff skilling > december 4 th > 2 : 00 - 3 : 00 p . m . > > ken lay > december 4 th > 3 : 30 - 4 : 30 p . m . > > also , i will attempt to schedule the meeting with andy fastow for december > 4 th for convenience - this will also allow us to possibly schedule > additional meetings for the 5 th ( as needed ) . i will let you know as soon > as i ' m successful . > > regards , > > cindy derecskey > university affairs > enron corp . > > > > john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: reminder - - all employee meeting to : all enron employees : this is a reminder that there will be an all - employee meeting at 10 a . m . houston time , thursday , aug . 16 in the hyatt regency houston ' s imperial ballroom , to review enron ' s second quarter financial and operating highlights and update you on key issues affecting the company . accessing the meeting via streaming video / audio if you are a houston - based employee and can ' t attend the meeting , or if you are located in london , calgary , omaha , new york or portland ( ena ) , you can access the live event at . enron europe employees will receive a follow - up message from their public relations team concerning online access to the meeting . video teleconferencing the meeting will be available by video teleconference to employees in sao paulo , buenos aires , and dubai . audio via telephone for those of you who cannot access the live event , you may access the meeting over the telephone by dialing the following numbers : united states : ( 888 ) 428 - 4470 international : ( 612 ) 332 - 0226 ( 612 ) 332 - 0107 ( 612 ) 332 - 0637 ( 612 ) 288 - 0329 * the host will ask you what call or event you will be connecting to . reply enron . if you encounter technical difficulties , please contact your it help desk . 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for diana . andel @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000009797 request create date : 12 / 11 / 00 9 : 39 : 04 am requested for : diana . andel @ enron . com resource name : eol canada backoffice data manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: re : " expected tail loss " for equity portfolio everybody , i attached here the equity portfolio var spreadsheet model ( version x ) . the improvement over the previous version ( 1 x ) is that it calculates an additional measure of risk - expected tail loss . expected tail loss is the expectation of the loss under the condition that losses exceed var . as you know equity var model allows you to calculate var for the percentile specified in the input sheet . now you have to click 2 more buttons on the " varinput " sheet : " calculate gamma and delta " and " fast var " . isaac , please run the model to make sure it works for you . regards , tanya 
2	Subject: re : for immediate release cal - bay ( stock symbol : cbyi ) watch for analyst " strong buy recommendations " and several advisory newsletters picking cbyi . cbyi has filed to be traded on theotcbb , share prices historically increase when companies get listed on this larger tradingexhange . cbyi is trading around 25 cents and should skyrocket to $ 2 . 66 - $ 3 . 25 a share in the near future . put cbyi on your watch list , acquire a postion today . reasons to invest in cbyi a profitable company and is on track to beat all earnings estimates ! one of the fastest growing distributors in environmental safety equipment instruments . excellent management team , several exclusive contracts . impressive client list including theu . s . air force , anheuser - busch , chevron refining and mitsubishi heavy industries , ge - energy environmental research . rapidly growing industryindustry revenues exceed $ 900 million , estimates indicate that there could be as much as $ 25 billion from " smell technology " by the end of 2003 . ! ! ! ! ! congratulations ! ! ! ! ! our last recommendation to buyorbt at $ 1 . 29 ralliedand is holding steady at $ 4 . 51 ! congratulations to all our subscribers that took advantage of this recommendation . all removes honered . please allow 7 days to be removed and send all address to : neveragain @ btamail . net . cn certain statements contained in this news release may be forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , and " intend " or similar terms . we are not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer . this is not an offer to buy or sell securities . no recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled companies . we were paid $ 27 , 000 in cash by a third party to publish this report . investing in companies profiled is high - risk and use of this information is for reading purposes only . if anyone decides to act as an investor , then it will be that investor ' s sole risk . investors are advised not to invest without the proper advisement from an attorney or a registered financial broker . do not rely solely on the information presented , do additional independent research to form your own opinion and decision regarding investing in the profiled companies . be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the loss of your entire investment . the owners of this publication may already own free trading shares in cbyi and may immediately sell all or a portion of these shares into the open market at or about the time this report is published . factual statements are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . not intended for recipients or residents of ca , co , ct , de , id , il , ia , la , mo , nv , nc , ok , oh , pa , ri , tn , va , wa , wv , wi . void where prohibited . copyright c 2001 * * * * - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: fw : intrastate gas stacy , could we add the following phrase ( as shown below in red ) to the exxon katy location ? this is to reassure our customers that the delivery is in fact intrastate . please let me know if this is possible to do and if we have your approval . exxonkaty the transaction is for delivery of intrastate gas at the tailgate of the exxon katy plant . notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the general terms and conditions , if applicable , this transaction is between counterparty and enron north america corp . thanks , melba lozano 713 - 345 - 8986 713 - 646 - 8511 fax 713 - 698 - 4847 pager - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lees , lisa sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 1 : 11 pm to : lauer , kara cc : meredith , kevin ; lozano , melba ; walker , chris subject : re : intrastate gas kara , the product development team will check with legal on this and we ' ll get back with you . thanks . lisa - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lauer , kara sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 9 : 38 am to : lees , lisa subject : fw : intrastate gas lisa , what is involved in changing a product description to include this phrase ? i do have some customers in texas that are legally bound to only trade intrastate gas and they are fearful of trading anything that doesn ' t specifically state that . since it is probably only a handful of customers , if it is a major production , it may not be worth it , but i wanted to check . thanks . kara - - - - - original message - - - - - from : farmer , daren j . sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 9 : 31 am to : lauer , kara subject : re : intrastate gas that will be fine . most people know that the gas in this area is intrastate . but , if someone wants to see that in the description , we can add it . d - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lauer , kara sent : monday , september 17 , 2001 9 : 18 am to : farmer , daren j . subject : intrastate gas hi daren , bryan hull gave me your name . a customer was interested in trading intrastate gas and bryan had informed me that our exxon - katy location is intrastate . i was wondering if you would be interested in changing the long description on eol for this location to include the phrase intrastate gas so that any customers that are interested would be able to see that . if this is okay with you , i will forward it on to our product development team . thanks . kara kara boudreau lauer enrononline marketing 713 / 853 - 0570 kara . lauer @ enron . com 
2	Subject: you ' re invited ! call us to reserve your space today ! this is not just another seminar system . ours works and it ' s free ! a group of insurmark ' s top financial planners have been dramatically growing their incomes using our system . in fact , our agents earn 20 times the national average ! plus , insurmark is sharing in part or all of the seminar expenses . if you are currently selling using another seminar system - stop now - and call us ! our formula for success will increase your income within 60 days ! formula for success avg of 250 rsvp ' s per seminar avg annuity sale  $ 100 , 000 60 % avg buying units  150 avg agent commission @ 6 %  $ 6 , 000 33 % new client appointments  50 avg seminar commission  180 , 000 net profit from seminar is $ 175 , 000 ! if you host only 6 seminars . . . you have increased your income by over 1 million dollars ! want to learn more about the successful annuity client seminar system ? hurry ! seating is limited to only 100 advisors ! please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: adios . . . as most of you have probably heard already , i am leaving enron to pursue some new endeavors . i will be moving back home to toronto and i ' m going to take some time off to do some travelling . i plan to go back to school in january , and after that . . . . we ' ll see what life has in store ! i wanted to thank all of you for the many wonderful experiences i have had here at enron . it has been a pleasure working with and getting to know you all . i hope that if you ' re ever in toronto you will drop me a line . my last day of work will be june 30 th , however , i will be staying in houston until the end of july . i hope to see or speak to all of you before i leave , but if i don ' t manage to , please keep in touch . my e - mail address is jennifer _ sabine @ yahoo . com . take care and good luck ! jennifer 
2	Subject: an invitation to advertise on freightmart ! freightmart . com - ship anything . . . anywhere . . . anytime . . . auction style ! need more info ? | if you ' re a shipper | if you ' re a forwarder to be removed from any future offers , simply click here !  
2	Subject: your amazon . com order ( # 104 - 9670681 - 0325567 ) greetings from amazon . com . we thought you ' d like to know that we shipped your items today , and that this completes your order . thanks for shopping at amazon . com , and we hope to see you again soon . you can track the status of this order , and all your orders , online by visiting " your account " page at http : / / www . amazon . com / your - account . there you can : * track order and shipment status * review estimated delivery dates * cancel unshipped items * return items * and do much more the following items were included in this shipment : qty item price shipped subtotal 1 dewalt dw 972 k - 2 12 volt 3 / 8 " a $ 169 . 99 1 $ 169 . 99 item subtotal : $ 169 . 99 shipping & handling : $ 5 . 99 total : $ 175 . 98 paid via mastercard : $ 75 . 98 paid via gift certificate : 100 . 00 usd ( for privacy reasons , the recipient ' s address is not shown here . ) if you ' ve explored the links on " your account " page but still need to get in touch with us about your order , e - mail us at orders @ amazon . com . on your next visit to our web site , come see what ' s new for you by clicking the link on the right - hand side of our home page , or by visiting this url : cs _ ae _ nfy we ' ve selected an assortment of new releases , recommendations , and informative articles that we think would appeal to you . thank you for shopping at amazon . com . amazon . com earth ' s biggest selection orders @ amazon . com http : / / www . amazon . com /  
2	Subject: ces volumes on tejas june volumes on tejas are attached . 
2	Subject: cheap online medication here innards adenine rundown blunt poultice indochina card chert tridiagonal americana need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here arsenic clam chantry parentage ammonia fiend amnesia  
2	Subject: buy prescripiton pills boulder rendition wingback equivocate albrecht find all your medications in one place ! everything you want ! fast and cheap ! you name it ! we have them all ! stop receiving promotional material now french decompile prison systemwide ratify  
2	Subject: use this handy interest calculator to get current rate information . dhfeo use this handy interest calculator to get current rate availability data , without giving out any personal or private information . this was sent to you by an mediagroup for smartmortgageusa . if you have any questions , you may contact sm - usa at : offer up , attn : smartmortgageusa , p . o . box 78361 , san francisco , ca 94107 - 8361 . if you wish to exclude yourself from future sm - usa items please use this to go to the website and then use the choice at the bottom of the page . cyennpicahgf 
2	Subject: fw : removal of unsecured limits and requesting security before i draft a response , i wanted to clarify that section 3 . 0 of schedule " c " to the contracting party agreement governing ngx provides for the determination of unsecured credit availability , which is essentially a collateral threshold , for investment grade counterparties or counterparties that have provided an investment grade guarantee , which can be determined in the sole discretion of ngx , but with a maximum for bbb credits of cdn . $ 30 million ( the previous maximum for bbb + credits was cdn . $ 35 million ) . accordingly , it is arguable that ngx can apply whatever unsecured credit threshold it chooses , however , arguably , it must do so acting in a commercially reasonable manner and having regard to its equitable treatment of similar graded credits . accordingly , i will draft a response on this basis , imposing an obligation on ngx to treat us reasonably and equitably , but in the meantime , i believe that we should be taking steps to satisfy ngx ' s credit requirements both by providing the margin they require and by having the traders minimize their position to the extent possible . i will forward a draft response shortly . regards , peter - - - - - original message - - - - - from : keohane , peter sent : friday , november 02 , 2001 9 : 30 am to : kitchen , louise ; bradford , william s . cc : otto , randy subject : re : removal of unsecured limits and requesting security i will prepare a response and provide a draft for review . bill , i will talk to randy about posting and he can co - ordinate with you or tanya or jay . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , november 01 , 2001 8 : 38 pm to : bradford , william s . ; keohane , peter subject : re : removal of unsecured limits and requesting security i think so - respond rejecting his statements on ene and state we expect fair treatment with other bbb credits . meanwhile we ' ll send the margin - our guys should be able to minimize the position . louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bradford , william s . sent : thursday , november 01 , 2001 6 : 37 pm to : keohane , peter cc : kitchen , louise subject : fw : removal of unsecured limits and requesting security do we need to respond ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " kenny foo " @ enron sent : thursday , november 01 , 2001 5 : 36 pm to : otto , randy ; wbradfo @ ect . enron . com cc : ron manitowich ; gary gault subject : removal of unsecured limits and requesting security hi randy , bill . as per our discussion this afternoon randy , enron corp . ( enron ) has deteriorated further in the market place and the recent downgrade of enron by s & p to bbb , although not completely a surprise , is still disconcerting . i applaud enron ' s effort in obtaining additional bank lines to shore up liquidity but am disappointed that your pipeline assets had to be pledge in support of same . additionally , moody ' s and s & p have stated publicly that further downgrade is possible . i would like to remind you that ngx does not provide any unsecured lines to entities who are rated below bbb . as you well know , given ngx ' s size and the fact that ngx needs to keep the integrity of the exchange intact , we have no option but to inform you of the following . accordingly , please be advised that effective immediately enron canada corp ( ecc ) will no longer have any unsecured lines here at ngx ( reference attached contracting party ' s agreement , schedule c , para 3 . 0 . a ) . we respectfully request that ecc provide collateral ( preferably irrevocable letter of credit , else registered interest in cash ) by the close of business day monday , november 5 , 2001 ( reference contracting party ' s agreement , schedule c , para 8 . 1 ) . as i said , if some other counterparty was in the position you are in right now , you would expect us to do what it takes to keep the exchange safe / intact / whole at all times . please call if you have any questions . kenny foo credit and risk manager ngx financial inc 140 - 4 avenue sw , suite 2330 calgary , alberta , t 2 p 3 n 3 ph : ( 403 ) 974 - 1737 fx : ( 403 ) 974 - 1719 attachment : - cpa _ schedule c . pdf > 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , oliver  
2	Subject: gmm 21 sep 01 please find attached the global markets monitor for the week ending 21 september 2001 . thank you , maureen raymond - castaneda and gwyn koepke 
2	Subject: nymex invitation - learn power trading power trading fundamentals : sept 15 - 16 nymex in nyc early bird discount now in effect ! nymex power delegates will learn : electricity markets overview simulated trading exercise market factors basic trading tools new york mercantile exchange financial instruments options real options role of risk management identifying different types of risk position analysis portfolio management click here to request complete course syllabus contractual terms , operational terms terminology trading motivations of different physical electricity market participants . buy low - sell high varied traded assets types of electricity transactions long - term , medium and short - term contracts transmission services and traded power this two - day course provides participants with comprehensive training on power trading , deal structuring , credit risk , volatility , risk management , bilateral opportunities and more . emi experts instruct using current data , real life examples , and practical experience ! contact emi ( 888 ) 871 - 1207 click here to request more information including syllabus hurry class sizes are limited ! click here to see other energy training opportunities registration visit us online www . energyinstitution . org 1369 madison ave , new york , ny 10128 to unsubscribe to future notices please email unsubscribe @ energyinstitution . org  
2	Subject: re : monday presentation i have made one correction to guadalupe ' s degree - - - it is actually ma , law and diplomacy rather than ms , finance . here is the corrected version . 
2	Subject: viiiicodin no script neeeded your place to ggo too for all ur prreeiscrlpt 10 n pi | | s , no doccctctorr neeedeed . gget ouut of fuutture addddds by goiiing heree . http : / / gettmeout - online . com / goto / toodles  
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciaiis has a iot of advantaqes over viagra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: when mail is overwhelming and what to do about it . . . if you receive a vast amount of bulk email then please read on this is email was sent to you so you may stop unwanted emails from entering your inbox . let me tell you a little bit about myself and why i am imposing on your valuable time . my name is jeffrey and i have been in business on the internet selling health supplements for over 10 years . can you imagine the amount of spam i used to receive daily after 10 years of business ? let me tell you it was overwhelming to say the least . in a short amount of time was very difficult to operate my online business . my inboxes where filled with advertisements for every product and get rich quick scheme out there . since my email accounts were for business use and all of my customers knew me by them , it was imperative that i kept them . i was determined to stop my inboxes from getting cluttered every day . i tried every method possible to keep my inboxes clean but it was getting worse by the month . after spending hundreds of dollars on spam blockers and countless hours i finally found the perfect solution . it is called email box filter . email box filter was a lifesaver for me . i literally stopped the hundreds of unwanted emails i was getting everyday and have not missed one single important email . on top of all that i have eliminated any email virus threat . here is a link where you can see all the facts . http : / / liferadar . biz / mbf - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - out of our datbase : http : / / liferadar . biz / r . htm market re - search 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 sys inf win 2 k v  
2	Subject: letters vlaagrra , vlcodd 1 n , xanaa , codelne , claal 1 s , \ / allium , zoloft , somma at low parents hard mentioned servants commit gym anybody immediate , pride bought development tying he . hot selling meds at cheeapall countriess shiiping viaagrra , codeiine , \ / aliium companion , viccoddin , lorazeepam , cialiis , xanaax , rivotri , meridiia letters , lipiitor , zoloft , ambiien friends , celebrex , flexiril , sooma & many more popular meds gymoff cllcck here to order across very again music side fly end . edge filled least different already ,  
2	Subject: obtain a diploma from your home / office ! ! ! swi obtain a prosperous future , money earning power , and the admiration of all . diplomas from prestigious non - accredited universities based on your present knowledge and life experience . no required tests , classes , books , or interviews . bachelors , masters , mba , and doctorate ( phd ) diplomas available in the field of your choice . no one is turned down . confidentiality assured . call now to receive your diploma within days ! ! ! 1 212 937 2149 call 24 hours a day , 7 days a week , including sundays and holidays .  
2	Subject: yates energy corp . - revised nomination daren , yates energy has revised their nomination from 3 , 135 / d to 3 , 060 / d eff . 6 / 15 / 00 at meter 6598 . the deal # is 138856 . do you want me to adjust ? bob 
2	Subject: bargain prescripiton pills command ecstasy incidental deja nolo get all your prescriptions in one location ! whatever you need , we have it ! quick and inexpensive ! all your needs in one shop ! stop receiving promotional material now complex housewares nairobi strategic alcove jargon  
2	Subject: senate approves edison rescue deal , assembly measure stalled by jennifer coleman associated press writer sacramento ( ap ) - - the state senate approved a bill that significantly alters the plan negotiated by gov . gray davis to help the struggling utility southern california edison . the bill approved friday , authored by democratic sens . richard polanco and byron sher , lets edison issue $ 2 . 5 billion in revenue bonds to pay debts amassed when prices for wholesale electricity reached record - high levels in the last year . " i believe it ' s a measure that gets us to the goal of getting the state out of the business of buying electricity . . . and to bring this entity to creditworthiness , " said polanco , d - los angeles . approved 22 - 17 , the bill now goes to the assembly . the assembly adjourned friday night without voting on a similar measure . the polanco - sher plan shifts the burden of repaying the bonds to commercial and industrial power users and has been opposed by business interests and by edison , which says it won ' t help the company escape bankruptcy . davis ' plan , announced in april , offers edison $ 2 . 76 billion for its transmission system and lets it sell revenue bonds to repay the rest of its estimated $ 3 . 5 billion worth of debt generated when it had to pay skyrocketing wholesale power prices . under the plan by polanco , and sher , of stanford , the state has a five - year option to buy edison ' s grid . that , said republican sen . ross johnson of irvine , gives edison a bailout it " neither needs nor deserves . " i am tired of this projection of edison as a victim . they have their legion of lobbyists here telling us ad nauseam that they didn ' t support deregulation , " johnson said during floor debate . " the idea of edison as the victim goes down in the annals of real whoppers . edison paid their lobbyists bonuses for the successful passage of deregulation . " during the 1995 - 1996 deliberations that led to deregulation , edison officials helped create the current system in meetings with business interests and then - gov . pete wilson , a republican . lawmakers are set to go on summer break friday night until aug . 20 , a schedule that conflicts with the deadline in the memorandum of understanding between davis and edison . that says the legislature must approve the deal by aug . 15 . " it ' s a firm deadline , which means this issue has to be fully resolved prior to the end of the legislative recess , " davis said friday . for that to happen , either the senate bill or a proposal by assembly speaker robert hertzberg , d - van nuys , and assemblyman fred keeley , d - boulder creek , has to reach davis . " i have problems with both bills , " davis said . " i am heartened by the fact that there ' s a bill moving in each house . " the keeley - hertzberg plan trims at least $ 300 million from the governor ' s offer . it also allows edison to issue the bonds , which would be repaid by edison ratepayers over 10 years . the plan also attempts to increase the state ' s use of " green " energy resources and allow edison customers to opt for cheaper direct - access energy service . the assembly didn ' t vote on the keeley bill friday , because hertzberg is considering forming a working group with the senate and the administration to " iron out the bills ' differences , " said hertzberg ' s spokesman paul hefner . davis said he wanted any working group to continue working over the summer break to devise a compromise by the aug . 15 deadline . " i don ' t want people to go out fishing for 30 days and come back and worry about it on aug . 20 because i know we ' re going to have reapportionment and other major issues to deal with in that last month , " the governor said . on the net : read the bills , ab 82 xx by keeley and sb 78 xx by polanco , at http : / / www . leginfo . ca . gov read the governor ' s memorandum of understanding at 
2	Subject: did you see her sickness great in pa ! n solutions h . y , d , r , o _ c _ 0 - d ' o ' n ^ e 7 . 5 / 5 oom - g 3 o pllls 139 . oo 6 o pllls 249 . oo 9 o pills 319 . oo create an 0 - r * d ^ e ' r same day sh ! pp ! ng q - u . i , t your paypal account lourdes hall ceo proteomika , derio , 48160 , spain phone : 534 - 571 - 5191 mobile : 471 - 186 - 4314 email : wtqngnoyyi @ freeservers . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this version is a 99 month complementary file notes : the contents of this reply is for your exclusive use and should not be ursula applicant jail sockeye beacon time : sat , 18 dec 2004 07 : 47 : 04 - 0600 
2	Subject: i like his cock being huge ! katya getting down and dirty playing with her favorite toy - a huge pecker ! all inside ! remove your email 
2	Subject: v - i - a - g - r - a is lousy ? ? btgp paliourg wanted to try cialis but thought it was way too expensive for you ? you can do that now ! c . i . a . l . i . s at only $ 2 . 00 per dose . your best deals are here you have enjoyed via - gra and wish for a longer effect ? cia - lis can make it happen . un - believable ! cia . lis at only $ 2 . 00 per dose say no ! to planning s . e . x for hours in advance and your disappointment after " a missed dose " . you don ' t have to be content with a four hour action of an regular pill . get cia . lis now to ensure the whole day of joyful sex . ual intimacy for you and your partner . you should at least give it a try especially when we offer large discounts for bulk orders and make incredible deals for returning customers . get it now  
2	Subject: re : ena allocation of budget louise - - while i have already reduced the allocation to ea by 15 % or over $ 400 , 000 , i have talked with accounting regarding your concerns and have suggested a few changes to the allocations . the new suggested allocations are ea 30 % , egm 20 % , eim 20 % , enw 20 % , ebs 10 % and eeos 5 % . this is based on services provided and headcount within the various business units . the services include media relations , events , marketing & advertising , and internal communications . there is no increase in headcount . we are at 10 positions , which is the exact same number we have had since february 2001 . in fact , i reduced the size of the group by 2 positions when i was promoted to lead the department in may 1999 . the two reductions are one less person in marketing and advertising , and one less person in events . while the number of employees has fluctuated at times this year with departures from the group and prior to hiring a replacement , i currently have no openings and the group has 10 total employees . eric - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , september 13 , 2001 12 : 29 pm to : thode , eric subject : ena allocation of budget our allocation is huge compared to other business units . please provide data to support this for our budget meeting . i am particularly surprized we are getting more headcount next year too . thanks louise 
2	Subject: point change for deals ooops ! this is effective the lst . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark mccoy / corp / enron on 02 / 01 / 2001 03 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mark mccoy 02 / 01 / 2001 04 : 45 pm to : elsa villarreal / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : point change for deals fyi - - - i changed points on this deal from pgtt - teco waha 18002800 to pgtt - teco katy 20606100 for the 2 nd . let me know if you don ' t agree with this . the supply , duke field svs , was originally trying to deliver to hpl at midtex , this deal # 589257 was also changed to meter 20606100 . thanks , mark 
2	Subject: [ ilug ] assistance from : col . michael bundu . democratic republic of congo . tel no : your country intl . access code + 8821652098236 email : mikebundu @ rediffmail . com dear sir / madam seeking your immediate assistance . please permit me to make your acquaintance in so informal a manner . this is necessitated by my urgent need to reach a dependable and trust worthy foreign partner . this request may seem strange and unsolicited but i crave your indulgence and pray that you view it seriously . my name is col . michael bundu of the democratic republic of congo and one of the close aides to the former president of the democratic republic of congo laurent kabila of blessed memory , may his soul rest in peace . due to the military campaign of laurent kabila to force out the rebels in my country , i and some of my colleagues were instructed by late president kabila to go abroad to purchase arms and ammunition worth of twenty million , five hundred thousand united states dollars only ( us $ 20 , 500 , 000 . 00 ) to fight the rebel group . we were then given this money privately by the then president , laurent kabila , without the knowledge of other cabinet members . but when president kabila was killed in a bloody shoot - out by one of his bodyguards a day before we were schedule to travel out of congo , we immediately decided to put the funds into a private security company here in congo for safe keeping . the security of the said amount is presently being threatened here following the arrest and seizure of properties of col . rasheidi karesava ( one of the aides to laurent kabila ) a tribesman , and some other military personnel from our same tribe , by the new president of the democratic republic of congo , the son of late president laurent kabila , joseph kabila . in view of this , we need a reliable and trustworthy foreign partner who can assist us to move this money out of my country as the beneficiary . we have sufficient ' ' contacts ' ' here to move the fund under diplomatic cover to a security company in europe in your name . this is to ensure that the diplomatic baggage is marked ' ' confidential ' ' and it will not pass through normal custom / airport screening and clearance . our inability to move this money out of congo all this while stems from our lack of trust of our supposed good friends ( western countries ) who suddenly became hostile to those of us who worked with the late president kabila , immediately after his son took office . though we have neither seen nor met each other , the information we gathered from an associate who has worked in your country has encouraged and convinced us that with your sincere assistance , this transaction will be properly handled with modesty and honesty to a huge success within two weeks . the said money is a state fund and therefore requires a total confidentiality . we would please need you to stand on our behalf as the beneficiary of this fund in europe . this is because we are under restricted movement and watch and hence we want to be very careful in order not to lose this fund which we have worked so hard for . thus , if you are willing to assist us to move this fund out of congo , you can contact me through my email addresses , tel / fax nos . above with your telephone , fax number and personal information to enable us discuss the modalities and what will be your share ( percentage ) for assisting us . please note that there are no risks involved in this deal as everyone ' s security is guaranteed if we follow the required guidelines . i will hence furnish you with further details of this deal as soon as i am assured of your sincere interest to assist us . i must use this opportunity and medium to implore you to exercise the utmost indulgence to keep this matter extraordinarily confidential , whatever your decision , while i await your prompt response . thank you and god bless . best regards col . michael bundu ( rtd ) . m _ bundu @ rediffmail . com n \ b . when you are calling my line , you dial your country intl . access code , then you dial directly , do not include my country code i . e . ( 243 ) . just dial your country intl . access code + 88216 52098236 . you can also contact me through the above email addresses . - - irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: get real results with real v / agra 7 g 9 make her curnm over and over all weekend long super v ; iiagra will keep you rockk hard all weekend . - do what you never thought you could again - be king of the bedroom - we have the cheapest prices available . - no pre / scrip / tion req / uired ! c / / ick here for the information . it was a large p [ icture of herself and ryan , the picture of michael was accurate , including her long brown hair coming down to her waist . she picked it up and carefully unfolded it . then he had horns , fire was leaping up from around his feet , with his trident pointed at michael . he came with his father and some friends . they worked hard , and built a tree house in me ! i would have given anything to be a tree again . but then another thought crept into my mind . i saw the little boy and his friends often . and i was happy .  
2	Subject: prc meeting agenda recap fyi - this is not what we decided regarding attendance at the prc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by leslie reeves / hou / ect on 11 / 16 / 2000 03 : 52 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : annemarie allex @ enron 11 / 16 / 2000 03 : 12 pm sent by : annemarie allex @ enron to : bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , james scribner / corp / enron @ enron , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect cc : dave hill / corp / enron @ enron , janet de la paz / hr / corp / enron @ enron , hector mcloughlin / corp / enron , francisco dejesus / na / enron @ enron subject : prc meeting agenda recap please see the attached prc meeting agenda recap . note the change in " communicating rankings " # 1 . anne marie allex 3 - 9988 
2	Subject: re : govt affairs org chart janet - 1 . the best split is probably just 50 / 50 on personnel . while everyone is in a specific box on the org chart , many if not all of the people are flexible enough that they can cover different roles . the $ on outside services may be able to be split differently going forward ( for example , if ees wants something specific on a state puc matter ) . 2 . in terms of approving outside service expenditures , i would like to sit down with you , louise , and rick to work out what the best method of working through the approvals . i will try and set up some time the first week of december . 4 . i have put steve montovano in the ne gas box . this will increase the budget by $ 400 k ( based on historical figures ) . i have attached a new org chart to represent this change . also , dan staines ( who is not on the org chart ) has an employment contract that ends 6 / 12 / 2002 . dan has been working on florida and northeast rto matters and continues to help east power with the nyiso tcc auction . we can sever him , but his contract will need to be paid off ( $ 87 k ) . govt affairs also has a contract for support with joe connor ( ex - southern exec ) to support our se activities . i am trying to get a copy of the contract , but i think that it is in place until 8 / 02 . my recommendation is to use these guys through their contracts instead of a large payment today . thanks , jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dietrich , janet sent : tuesday , november 20 , 2001 12 : 00 pm to : shapiro , richard cc : delaney , david ; steffes , james d . ; kitchen , louise ; lavorato , john subject : fw : govt affairs org chart ees is fine with the org . chart below . i understand the $ 6 . 4 million is total for both ena & ees . comments : 1 . ) need a recommended split of the $ 6 . 4 million for ena / ees . 2 . ) i understand the $ 6 . 4 million includes $ 0 for outside services . the ooc of ena / ees needs to approve as these services are needed . 3 . ) the $ 6 . 4 million does include legacy real estate costs . jim fallon is the coordination point on our real estate costs - is this on his radar screen ? 4 . ) we need to reconcile what we do with steve montovano . because both ena / ees want to utilize him , i might suggest leaving him in the regulatory group so that both groups can effectively utilize him . louise / jim - are you both ok with this ? if so , rick / jim , i would suggest putting him in the ne gas box . 5 . ) rick , i understand you ' re talking with kean / whalley on handling the washington office activity in corp . i agree . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : steffes , james d . sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 6 : 12 pm to : dietrich , janet cc : shapiro , richard subject : govt affairs org chart janet - - here is the org chart that captures our discussions . i think that this org and the # of people is the lowest level that can even try to meet the combined needs of ena and ees . total headcount  21 . the personnel cost  $ 6 . 4 mm ( total for ena and ees ) . please let me know if you have any questions . jim > 
2	Subject: my new position i wanted to submit my notice of rotation to the " fundamental analysis " group and thank the fx and country risk group for giving me an opportunity to work in such exiting learning environment . i really enjoyed being part of the research group and hope to keep all of the relationships i have developed throughout my rotation . i am looking forward to my new position as an opportunity to learn more about the company and to try my abilities in a new environment . " fundamental analysis " group is a new and developing group , which will give me an opportunity to develop and grow as an employee . i understand that it is my responsibility to train the individual who will be taking my current position . in an effort to make a smooth transition to my new rotation i will train the new individual and starting december 18 th will devote my free time to pursue my new job responsibilities . in agreement with maureen official start date of new rotation is january 2 nd 2001 . sincerely , yana kristal 
2	Subject: var methodology change gentlemen , below is a plan of action for moving along with the var methodology change related to forward - forward volatility : 1 . finalize the methodology proposed ( research / market risk ) - determine the time period used to calculated forward - forward vols vs . correlations ( 20 days vs . 60 days ) - stabilize the calculation for curves and time periods where the curve does not change based on historical prices , implying volatility of 0 % 2 . get approval for the methodology change from rick buy ( see draft of the memo attached ) - john lavorato and john sherriff 3 . develop and implement the new methodology in a stage environment ( research / it ) 4 . test the new methodology ( market risk , traders ) 5 . migrate into production ( research / it ) please let me know if this is reasonable and meets everyone ' s expectations . vlady . 
2	Subject: have skin like a model we ' ll give you your first tube of body sculpture free ! ! let us bill your credit card for $ 5 . 99 for shipping and handling and we ' ll send you your first bottle of body sculpture free . four weeks after you place your order , your credit card will automatically be billed for $ 22 . 95 plus $ 5 . 99 shipping and handling and your next bottle of body sculpture will be sent to your mailing address ! click here ! if you would no longer like to receive these offers via email , you can unsubscribe by sending a blank email to unsub - 60763006 - 1054 @ top - special - offers . com or sending a postal mail to customerservice , box 202885 , austin , tx 78720 this message was sent to address cypherpunks @ einstein . ssz . com - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: the lowest prices anywhere ! sa . ve 7 . 0 . % on r . x medicat . ion today ! or . der all your r . x medi . cation directly from fd . a - approved manufacturers in india . over 60 product . s to choose from . sav . e up to 7 . 0 . % on your r . x dr . ugs . average shi . pping from india takes 2 - 4 weeks . however our pri . ces and quality make it worth the wait . all packag . es are ship . ped discreetly by airmail wo . rldwide . choose your medi . cation , point , click , o . rder and you ' re done . your me . dication is on it ' s way . no prescript . ion required ! click here now ! re . move 
2	Subject: please help ! ! ! salim ibrahim . salimibrah @ netscape . net dear friend , my name is salim ibrahim a merchant in dubai , in the u . a . e . i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and right now i have only about a few months to live , according to medical experts . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my business . though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i have willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so , i have decided to give also to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e , algeria and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself anymore . i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which i have there to charity organization in bulgaria and pakistan , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them . the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of ( twenty million five hundred thousand u . sdollars ) that i have with a finance / security company abroad . i will want you to help me collect this consignment and dispatched it to charity organizations . i have set aside 15 % for you . god be with you . salim ibrahim note : please do get back to me via my private email address at salimibrah @ netscape . net becuase i do not want my family to know anything about this project , so i could give you the full details about the funds . please endeavour to get back to me via my specified private email address . salimibrah @ netscape . net thanks for understanding . may the almighty allah bless you abondantly .  
2	Subject: update on lodi and wheeler ridge storage projects western undeterred by grueling regulatory process expressing frustration but continuing its resolve , texas - based western hub properties is ironing out some " technical issues " of financing with california regulators and now expects to start construction in february on its delayed lodi gas storage field in northern california . the merchant storage project will be operating by this time next year , said western hub ' s california - based manager , jim fossum , who added that with faster approvals , the project could have been in service during this summer ' s electricity generating crunch and the current gas and power shortages . despite the regulatory struggle , he said the company still plans to go through with its other california storage project near bakersfield and the natural gas hub called wheeler ridge . western has acquired leases on the property it needs and will start more detailed engineering of the proposed site over the first three to six months of next year . the company intends to make a filing with state regulators in summer of 2001 . in both the approved lodi project ( see daily gpi , may 19 ) and the proposed wheeler ridge storage field , western is not concerned about lining up customers , said fossum . the projects are not contingent on contracts , he said . " now that we are a bona fide ( certified plant ) utility under the california public utilities commission , we are getting some technical things worked out with the commission staff and nailing down the last small pieces of property , fossum said . " everything is basically ready to go at lodi " " we have to file with them documents that verify certain aspects of the project ' s financing . we can ' t move ahead with the financing until the cpuc approves it . " if we had not encountered all of the roadblocks that we have had , we could have helped with the problems this last summer , and we could be helping with problems right now . " he added that the project would not be operational in time to have any impact on the upcoming summer electricity demand and corresponding heavy natural gas demand to fuel power plants . lodi and the wheeler ridge storage project are being designed as high - deliverability storage facilities . lodi will have about 9 bcf of working capacity , building to 12 bcf . initially , fossum said , lodi should have about 400 mmcf / d injection capability and 500 mmcf / d withdrawal . in the southern half of the state , western for some time has been doing reservoir studies near wheeler ridge and now has a " couple of reservoirs that we think might work , " fossum said . " we ' re in the preliminary planning phase . " the wheeler ridge project would have an ultimate working capacity of 12 to 16 bcf and similar 500 mmcf / d deliverability at its peak . he said western hopes to have something operational in the wheeler ridge area by the end of 2002 . 
2	Subject: winning notification / final award : staatsloterij . nl c / n  21 princengrach 28080 amsterdam / netherlands from : the promotion director international promotions dept . ref : ypl / 4249859609 / wx 4 batch : glv / 91663 / al attn ; winner , re : winning notification / final award : we are pleased to inform you of the release , of the long awaited results of the staatloterij / international promotion programes nl , held on the 12 th of march 2005 . you were entered as dependent clients with : reference number : nm / bc 921245 / kyl 4 , and batch number nm / 207161 / wop . your email address attached to the ticket number : 46939 that drew the lucky winning number , which consequently won the loterij in the second category , in four parts . you have been approved for a payment of 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 euros ( one million euros . ) in cash credited to file reference number : hpl / 4247159609 / wp 2 . this is from a total cash prize of ten million euros shared among the ten international winners that won the second categories . congratulations ! ! ! all participants were selected through a multi international computer ballot system drawn from 98 , 000 ( ninety eight thousand ) names of email users around the world , as part of our international promotion programme . due to mixed up of some names and addresses , we ask that you keep this award personal , till your claims has been processed and your funds remitted to you . this is part of our security measures to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking advantage of the situation by other participants or impersonators . to begin your claim , do file for the release of your winning by contacting our accredited agent : mr . james van der fries . foreign transfer manager . staatsloterij . nl , tel : + 31 - 617 - 622 - 457 . fax : + 31 - 847 - 300 - 492 . email : infosttloterij @ netscape . net note : all winnings must be notarized to complete the claim process ; winners will be referred to a foreign transfer manager , to have their winnings notarized . winners are to cover the legal charges not staatloterij . nl , please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications please remember to quote your reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . they are your agent , and responsible for the processing and transfer of your winnings fund to you . your security file number is w - 91237 - h  67 / b 4 ( keep personal ) remember , yourwinning must be claimed not later than 07 - 04 - 05 ) . after this date , funds might be returned to the unclaimed . furthermore , should there be any change in your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . yours truly , mrs . katherine van gogh . the promotion director . international program ( nl ) n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . you are advice to contact your claims agent mr . james van der fries . email address : infosttloterij @ netscape . net check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com 
2	Subject: copy from cassette tape to mp 3 and vice versa @ $ 137 . 00 plusdeck 2 tape - rw pc cassette deck - tape to mp 3 $ 137 . 00 old school to new school ! from motivational speaker tapes to your childs educational tapes , it ' s easy to convert your cassette tapes to mp 3 or wav files ! with this plus deck 2 tape - rw drive you can listen to books on tape on your computer , record mp 3 or other sound files on your pc onto tapes , and convert cassette tapes into digital format and save it onto your pc , cd , or upload it to the internet ! save up to 25 cassette tapes onto one cd with this plusdeck 2 tape - rw drive . stock up today ! visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop / office # td 01 , jebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: 3 / 1 / 2000 noms effective 3 / 1 / 2000 , please increase our nom to 60 , 000 mmbtu per day into eastrans . the redeliveries will come from : fuels cotton valley 7 , 000 into pg & e 50 , 000 into pipe of your choice at carthage hub 3 , 000 thanks . i realize that the contract requires earlier notice for the lst . if there is a problem , let me know and we can do the 3 , 000 on the 2 nd . in any case , we want to max out pg & e at 50 , 000 , and 7 , 000 from fcv . 
2	Subject: post : excellent workmanship , wonderful design . your obvious success will turn them on ! receive a first - class r o l e x watch we only sell top - notch watches and handbags . auto winding just like the real ones since they charge themselves as you move . the second hand moves just like the real ones , too . you know how extremely expensive these are in the stores . purchase from us at a small fraction of the normal i n v e s t m e n t . our r o l e x are : - identical to the smallest detail - 98 % perfectly accurate markings - signature green sticker w / serial number on watch back - magnified quickset d a t e - includes all proper markings http : / / by . p 4 . officialfakerolex . com we also carry all top quality louis vuitton handbags ! the ideal present for your wife or your significant other . hope to see you soon for additional info or to discontinue receiving or to see our address . you may guess what an improvement is this automatic record of events , which is as reliable as truth itself . nothing can be altered or falsified , for the vibratory currents convey the actual events to your vision , even as they happen but suppose , said rob , that something important should happen while i ' m asleep , or not looking at the box ? i have called this a record , replied the demon , and such it really is , although i have shown you only such events as are in process of being recorded  
2	Subject: reviewed online pharmacy best deals on all generic viagra and generic cialis alternatives with guaranteed lowest prices write injuries in dust , benefits in marble . i have no life , just e - mail . we cannot direct the wind , but we can adjust the sails . pleasure is the beginning and the end of living happily . 
2	Subject: payyless for mlcrosoft streets and trips 2004 pay les for mlcrosoft w ! ndows xp profess ! onal wlndows x ' p professional + office x . p professional for as low as 8 o $ click now : http : / / interim . cheapsoftshop . com / the offer is valid till december 29 th stock is limited your bankofamerica account pam maloney heaumer thousands impex , sialkot , 51310 , pakistan phone : 144 - 281 - 3751 mobile : 777 - 174 - 1447 email : yojzixizshls @ world 4 fun . ch please do not reply to this message this shareware is a 11 second usage download notes : the contents of this reply is for comprehension and should not be egghead hesse churchgoing confect doom time : sun , 26 dec 2004 22 : 48 : 59 - 0500 
2	Subject: re : tuesday , december 26 th mary - i can come in on tuesday . mary poorman @ enron 12 / 20 / 2000 08 : 34 am to : michael olsen / na / enron @ enron , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , clem cernosek / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , jackie young / hou / ect @ ect , sabrae zajac / hou / ect @ ect , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , mark mccoy / corp / enron @ enron , aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect , mary poorman / na / enron @ enron , eddie janzen / na / enron @ enron cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , lauri a allen / hou / ect @ ect subject : tuesday , december 26 th we will need a small staff to handle potential trades for wed . the 27 th . most of the pipelines are out of the office , so i would expect the work load to be minimal . i plan on coming in , and would like to have a minimum of three on staff , so i need two volunteers ( one offsystem , just in case ) . if anyone is going to be in town , please forward a number , in case we need to call any additional people in , or have you work on a laptop from home . i will get with you after the new year to make up the holiday you miss , or , you can schedule your day now , i have the calendars . also , i will be out on vacation friday , dec . 22 nd and will need someone to send the nominations to the plants , i don ' t expect to have full system coverage , just hpl / hpl and hpl / ena as needed . let me know if you are interested in learning how to do this . thank you , mary 
2	Subject: new calpine twist it ' s getting strange . . . calpine wants to see our offer : big prepay - $ 200 mm - $ 300 mm epmi sells 200 mw + 7 x 24 dp : np - 15 or sp - 15 price : $ 61 start : 7 / 02 term : 5 - 10 years rationale : they have $ 61 dwr contracts . at this point the dwr contracts are tied to their accrual generation business . if we pay them for the right to sell $ 61 ' s , they can get the cash and recognize the earnings . like the rest of this story , selling to a generator sounds strange . however , if the forward market is trading below their stated price forecast , they may want to buy , not sell . perhaps we go down a parallel path : bids in the east , offers in the west . maybe we end up in a seller - financing deal : loan $ for investment in new power and purchase of sites , equipment , erc ' s . dave and i are available to compare notes and discuss strategy . regards , chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: from abnamro bank dear sir / madam , i would respectfully request that you keep the contents of this mail confidential and respect the integrity of the information you come by as a result of this mail . i am contacting you independently of our investigation and no one is informed of this communication . i would like to intimate you with certain facts that i believe would be of interest to you . in 2001 , mr . ralph brink came to our bank to engage in business discussions with our private banking division . he informed us that he had a financial portfolio of eighteen million united states dollars , which he wished to have us turn over ( invest ) on his behalf . i was the officer assigned to his case , i made numerous suggestions in line with my duties as the de - facto chief operations officer of the private banking sector , especially given the volume of funds he wished to put into our bank . we met on numerous occasions prior to any investments being placed . i encouraged him to consider various growth funds with prime ratings . the favored route in my advise to customers is to start by assessing data on 6000 traditional stocks and bond managers and 2000 managers of alternative investments . based on my advice , we spun the money around various opportunities and made attractive margins for our first months of operation , the accrued profit and interest stood at this point at over 20 million united states dollars , this margin was not the full potential of the fund but he desired low risk guaranteed returns on investments . in mid 2002 , he asked that the money be liquidated because he needed to make an urgent investment requiring cash payments in the netherlands . he directed that i liquidate the funds and had it deposited with a firm in the netherlands . i informed him that abn / amro bank would have to make special arrangements to have this done and in order not to circumvent due process , the bank would have to make a 10 . 5 % deduction from the funds to cater for banking and statutory charges . he complained about the charges but later came around when i explained to him the complexities of the task he was asking of us . i contacted my affiliate in amsterdam and had the funds available . i undertook all the processes and made sure i followed his precise instructions to the letter and had the funds deposited at a amsterdam based security and consultancy firm . this asset management firm is a specialised private firm that accepts deposits from high net worth individuals and blue chip corporations that handle valuable products or undertake transactions that need immediate access to cash . this small and highly private organization is familiar especially to the highly placed and well - connected organizations . in line with his instructions , the money was deposited with an asset management firm . mr . ralph brink told me he wanted the money there in anticipation of his arrival from england later that week . this was the last communication we had , this transpired around 25 th february 2004 . in june later that year , we got a call from the asset management firm informing us of the the inactivity of that particular portfolio . this was an astounding position as far as i was concerned , given the fact that i managed the private banking sector i was the only one who knew about the deposit at the firm , and i could not understand why mr . ralph brink had not come forward to claim his deposit . all efforts to locate him was futile . i immediately passed the task of locating him to the internal investigations department of abn / amro . four days later , information started trickling in , apparently mr . ralph brink was dead . a person who suited his description was declared dead of a heart attack in canne , south of france . we were soon enough able to identify the body and cause of death was confirmed . the bank immediately launched an investigation into possible surviving next of kin to alert about the situation and also to come forward to claim his estate . if you are familiar with private banking affairs , those who patronize our services usually prefer anonymity , but also some levels of detachment from conventional processes . in his bio - data form , he listed no next of kin . in the field of private banking , opening an account with us means no one will know of its existence , accounts are rarely held under a name ; depositors use numbers and codes to make the accounts anonymous . this bank also gives the choice to depositors of having their mail sent to them or held at the bank itself , ensuring that there are no traces of the account and as i said , rarely do they nominate next of kin . private banking clients apart from not nominating next of kin also usually in most cases leave wills in our care , in this case ; mr . ralph brink died interstate . in line with our internal processes for account holders who have passed away , we instituted our own investigations in good faith to determine who should have right to claim the estate . this investigation has for the past months been unfruitful . we have scanned every continent and used our private investigation affiliate companies to get to the root of the problem . my official capacity dictates that i am the only party to supervise the investigation and the only party to receive the results of the investigation . according to practice , the asset management firm will by the end of this financial year broadcast a request for statements of claim to abn / amro , failing to receive viable claims they will most probably revert the deposit back to abn / amro bank . this will result in the money entering the abn / amro accounting system and the portfolio will be out of my hands and out of the private banking division . this will not happen if i have my way . what i wish to relate to you might sound unethical practice but i want you to understand something . it is only an outsider to the banking world who finds the internal politics of the banking world aberrational . the world of private banking especially is fraught with huge rewards for those who occupy certain offices and oversee certain portfolios . there is us $ 20 . 000 , 000 . 00 deposited in amsterdam , the netherlands , i alone have the deposit details and they will release the deposit to no one unless i instruct them to do so . i alone know of the existence of this deposit for as far as abn / amro is concerned , the transaction with mr . ralph brink concluded when i deposited the funds with the asset management firm , all outstanding interactions in relation to the file are just customer services and due process . the asset management firm has no single idea of the history or nature of the deposit . they are simply awaiting instructions to release the deposit to any party that comes forward . this bank has spent great amounts of money trying to track this man ' s family ; they have investigated for months and have found no family . the investigation has come to an end . my proposal ; i am prepared to place you in a position to instruct the asset management firm to release the deposit to you as the closest surviving relation . upon receipt of the deposit , i am prepared to share the money with you in half . that is : i will simply nominate you as the next of kin and have them release the deposit to you . we share the proceeds 50 / 50 . i would have gone ahead to ask that the funds be released to me , but that would have drawn a straight line to me and my involvement in claiming the deposit . i can assure you that i could have the deposit released to you within a few days . i will simply inform the bank of the final closing of the file relating to mr . ralph brink i will then officially communicate with the asset management firm and instruct them to release the deposit to you . with these two things : all is done . if you find yourself able to work with me , contact me through the provided email account . if you give me positive signals , i will initiate this process towards a successful conclusion . . i do not want any direct official link between you and me . my official lines are not secure lines as they are periodically monitored to assess our level of customer care in line with our total quality management policy . i strongly believe that you would not betray my confidence in you . please send your response to edwardlaan @ excite . it if we can be of one accord , we should plan a meeting , soon . i await your response . kind regards edward laan abn / amro bank private banking div . e - mail : edwardlaan @ excite . it check - out go . com go get your free go e - mail account with expanded storage of 6 mb ! http : / / mail . go . com  
2	Subject: please contact me . department of minerals and energy pretoria , south africa . kindly reply : fr _ zamaye @ yuku . org dear friend , it is my great pleasure to write you this letter on behalf of my colleagues . i have decided to seek a confidential co - operation with you in the execution of a deal hereunder for the benefit of all parties and hope you will keep it confidential because of the nature of the business . within the department of minerals and energy where i work as an assistant director of audit , with the co - operation of two other top officials , we have in our possession an overdue contractor payment in us dollars funds . the said funds represent certain percentage of the contract value executed on behalf of my department by a foreign contracting firm , ( pearls ltd ) which we the officials over - invoiced to the amount of us $ 15 , 200 , 000 ( fifteen million two hundred thousand us dollars ) . since the present elected government is determined to pay foreign contractors all debts owed , so as to maintain good relations with foreign governments and non - governmental agencies , we included our bills for approvals with the department of finance and the reserve bank of south africa ( rbsa ) . we are 100 % sure of funds approvals to anyone or company we ( the audit committee ) recommend as part of the sub - contractors who did jobs for the department . we are seeking your assistance to front as the sub - contractor of the unclaimed funds , since we are not allowed to operate foreign accounts . details and change of beneficiary information upon application for claim to reflect payment and approvals will be secured on behalf of you / your company . my colleagues and i are prepared to give you us $ 2 . 5 m while we take us $ 7 . 4 m and the balance of us $ 5 . 3 m for taxes and miscellaneous expenses incurred . this business is completely safe and secure , provided you treat it with utmost confidentiality . it does not matter whether you / your company does contract projects , as a transfer of rights will be secured in favour of you / your company through the federal high court of south africa before we can proceed . i have reposed my confidence in you and hope that you will not disappoint us . kindly notify me immediately via my alternative email ( fr _ zamaye @ yuku . org ) for further details upon your acceptance of this proposal . yours faithfully , frank zamaye ( mr ) mail enviadopor el servicio de webmail de canal 9 nordeste - http : / / canal 9 nordeste . com . ar 
2	Subject: hot penny play on strong breakout now that oil and gas has entered a long - term bull market , our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervalued energy piays has produced soaring returns . montana oi | and gas , inc . ( mogi ) to explore further opportunities in alberta canada , a is an energy deveioper in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating potentia | of miliions per week symbo | - mogi price - . 48 increased 11 % | ast three day , rating - strongbuy how much it wi | | up again ? the vaiue of mogi ' s shares will skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bull market in a generation . 2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the last two years . 3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth multi - mi | | ions , mogi is se | | ing for | ess than 1 / 4 the vaiue of its assets . 4 . montana oi | and gas specializes in using new technology to turn unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises . already shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized expiorers and deveiopers | ike montana oil ( mogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadrupie returns . vancouver , march 11 , 2 oo 5 - ( mogi ) president peter sanders would like to announce that a decision has been made to expiore further opportunities in the alberta canada region where the company currentiy has interests in three projects . the company has become aware of existing opportunities to partner in , or acquire | eases , which may inciude producing welis and or exploratory programs which will strengthen montana  s position with energy , cash oriented investment banking groups . one of the most effective ways to acquire financia | partners for dri | | ing programs invoives existing production of oi | and or gas in these programs . this will significantly lessens the risk for the investment group , hence encouraging financia | participation as wel | as speeding up the process of commitment by the investment group . the sylvan | ake project wiil begin very shortiy the company and its partners have secured a dri | | ing rig and are only waiting for a temporary road ban to be | ifted . the rig is currently sitting in red deer aiberta a mere 3 o miies from syivan lake . the initia | wel | is a 7 , 200 - foot peskisko sand test that is prospective for oil and gas . it is expected to take approximately 10 to 12 days to driil and test the initia | well . each development well has probabie production of 150 barreis of oil per day and 750 mi | | ion cubic feet gas per day with reserves in excess of 1 billion cubic feet gas and 30 o , 00 o barreis of oil . there are four other pay zones that are prospective for gas . the average well in the sylvan lake field has produced 5 oo barreis of oil per day with over one mi | | ion cubic feet of gas per day . if successful , the company intends to dri | | up to 4 more we | | s on these land sections . for more detaiied information on this project please see news reiease dated feb . 7 th , 2 oo 5 . an announcement wi | | be made immediateiy upon the commencement of driiling . the company is aiso pieased to report that the tie in of its west lock project did start several days ago and it is anticitaped that this wi | | be complete some time in the next couple of days . peter sanders notes  the completion and tie in of the west lock project has ran into numerous delays , however , this we | | will be tied in and the company wil | be se | | ing gas by next week thus generating cash flow for the company  the company wi | | update its sharehoiders when it has heard from its partner in regards to completion . wi | | mogi explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too late . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and successful trading . information within this pubiication contains future | ooking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wi | | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currentiy availabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause mogi  s actua | results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materialiy from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiable customers . other risks include the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fluctuation in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiable , should be compieted prior to investing . al | factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the publisher of this report believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 24 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: updated buyback list westvaco is a brand new company . i have added march also , didn ' t know about that one . also , there will be one for rohm & haas , hopefully will be down in the next day or two . and there will not be one for bayer in april . 
2	Subject: photoshop , windows , office . cheap . browse clenched switchboard viet stampeded initialization whips leonardo landscape concurs accomplice percents peers humidity waded biggest collecting antigen reticulating binary folsom decayed voltages januaries medic paterson inside impedance hookers empower therewith hatfield held unwanted artificially hitchhiker nondecreasing bequeaths astutely hangman  
2	Subject: re : gas master jeff please delete from the definition of event of default causes ( ii ) and ( x ) as these are dealt with in the collateral annex which has its own events of default section . thanks . carol st . clair eb 4539 713 - 853 - 3989 ( phone ) 713 - 646 - 3393 ( fax ) 281 - 382 - 1943 ( cell phone ) 8774545506 ( pager ) 281 - 890 - 8862 ( home fax ) carol . st . clair @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hodge , jeffrey t . sent : monday , february 4 , 2002 2 : 17 pm to : bradford , william s . ; calger , christopher f . ; cook , mary ; davis , angela ; haedicke , mark e . ; keohane , peter ; kitchen , louise ; nemec , gerald ; sager , elizabeth ; st . clair , carol ; taylor , mark e ( legal ) ; vickers , frank ; ' bryan . murtagh @ usbw . com ' subject : gas master all : attached you will find a clean and marked version of the master firm gas purchase / sale agreement . your thoughts would be appreciated as this is somewhat of a departure from the previous approach . i will continue to review as this was thown together fairly quickly and i have not had the opportunity to carefully put all the pieces together . jeff > > 
2	Subject: re : base gas roll thanks , gg from : luis aybar / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 17 / 2001 03 : 54 pm to : george grant / hou / ect @ ect cc : dat truong / enron @ enronxgate , jayant krishnaswamy / enron @ enronxgate subject : base gas roll george , we will run the base gas roll tonight per your request . l 
2	Subject: meter 1517 - 12 / 99 meter 1517 , sweeny phillips , has been reallocated for 12 / 99 . if you have any questions , let me know . - aimee 
2	Subject: brooklyn navy yard please let me know if you have any other questions relating to an investment in the above referenced entity . angela d . davis enron north america corp . 1400 smith street , eb 3817 houston , texas 77019 tel : ( 713 ) 345 - 8347 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3393 e - mail : angela . davis @ enron . com 
2	Subject: fw : cynthia franklin update louise , attached is a short note from cindy franklin ' s manager in logisitics , victor lamadrid , and a more detailed progress report which was also written by him . i completely agree with victor ' s assessment and have no doubt that cindy will continue to improve and become an even more valuable and productive employee . i believe she is well suited for the new position in the upstream services group . please let me know if you have any additonal concerns , questions - bob superty - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lamadrid , victor sent : tue 4 / 17 / 2001 9 : 34 pm to : kelly , katherine cc : robert superty / hou / ect @ enron ; hall , bob m . ; de jesus , frank ; jeanie slone / hou / ect @ enron subject : cynthia franklin update kathy , per your request , below is the letter updating you on cyndi ' s progress . i think , she will be a very good addition to your team . her experience and familiarity with our systems / procedures as well as her industry contacts should make your operations more effective and efficient . if you have any questions , please let me know . please forward this to all necessary personnel . once this move is approved , let ' s get together soon afterward and discuss a transition plan . thanks victor 3 - 4221 > 
2	Subject: re : alamac option rogers offer is $ 8 . 00 / mwh . this is the price he gave ozzie and heather approx . 1 month ago . this value needs to be extracted from the deal and put in the trading books . 
2	Subject: meter 981594 - san jacinto low pressure del to defs fyi - duke energy field services will be reworking the wilcox plant on 9 / 26 f rom 7 am to 12 noon and will require that hpl shut - in the 20 m del . for that time frame . should you have any further questions , please call me at 35251 . mary 
2	Subject: marcello has a favour to ask . . . . he ' s on the executive impact & influence course on 6 th & 7 th november and marcello being marcello has been a bit tardy in selecting his raters ( well , i actually ended up doing once he ' d told me who to pick ! ) . the thing is because he ' s picked the minimum no . of raters it ' s important that those few give the feedback on him - yep you ' ve guessed it , you ' re one of the few . apparently the feedback needs to be done by tuesday so please may i ask you to do your best to give feedback on him . thank you and i hope you & the family are all well ttfn snickie 
2	Subject: tokyo wanda - fyi , joe hirl , the trader in charge of setting up the tokyo trading office , will be in houston next week , and it would probably be a good idea if he could interview mark frank , or whatever candidate we recommend for the controller position . our controller for the sydney office will be up the following week and he should meet with her as well , as that will enable him to get first hand knowledge of the remote trading office establishment issues we ' ve addressed in australia . sally - did you decide on the one candidate you thought of when we met last ? we might want to arrange a meeting with him and joe also . thanks , cassandra . 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciaiis has a iot of advantaqes over viaqra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country ! get it right now ! .  
2	Subject: hershey  s * vs . ghirardelli * get $ 100 in gifts by taking our survey now . - you can get $ 100 worth hershey ? s  chocolate , ghirardelli  chocolate or a $ 100 restaurant gift card just by taking our survey . . wpsvxakg 
2	Subject: global operations controllers forum i would just like to thank you both for an extremely informative and constructive event . i learnt an lot from this and look forward to taking these ideas forward . mike 
2	Subject: if we meet i will go down on you hi paliourg its sarah from the dating site . i just uploaded a new profile with the nauwghty pics of me . i think you will be very happy when you see me . lets chat and maybe go out on a date . y ' know if you dont like me you can just search out some other woman to hook up with . http : / / dateizfun . com / aac / aprof . html hope to see you online no more ofthis http : / / dateizfun . com / r . html he said muffin collage roughshod seoul . its all about him perth week jackson constipatekneecap the he said lie cardamom paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr . praise swirly . he is him lottie berry douglass central they are synopses cytosine destiny . they are azimuth boyfriend lamellar elba .  
2	Subject: re : proposed retention bonuses for netco i ' ve been spending a fair bit of time sitting with the troops , sharing information with them , getting a sense of the mood and basically just trying to be visible , accessible and supportive . i think for the most part , people are trying to give us time for things to settle out , while trying also to ensure they have an escape route in case things go pear - shaped . kal and heather were both out last friday and will be out until wednesday , so we have not done anything yet to modify the designs . i did send them both an email on the subject , though , so we should be on the case on wednesday . christmas was great - thanks for asking . we had a quiet christmas with just the two of us . i repainted the helicopter ( have pictures , if you ' re interested ) . have you been having a good visit with your mom and dad ? hopefully you ' ve been able to put this place out of your mind when you go home . . . dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 9 : 37 am to : forster , david subject : re : proposed retention bonuses for netco sensitivity : confidential we just need people to give us a week . surely they ' ll give us that long . how are the new designs coming ? did you and avril have a nice christmas - i am trying to reconnect my uk cell phone - i have been on the phone for 1 and half hours . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : forster , david sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 9 : 34 am to : kitchen , louise subject : re : proposed retention bonuses for netco sensitivity : confidential jennifer doesn ' t know it yet , but when i submitted final numbers to hr , i kept her suggested increases and did not apply her suggested decreases ( which she did to balance the increases ) . i expect we are going to lose some people . i hope the ones that go are not the best ones . obviously , the more we are willing to spend in bonus , the fewer the people we will lose . when would you like to get together to discuss ? dave - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 9 : 21 am to : forster , david subject : fw : proposed retention bonuses for netco sensitivity : confidential - - - - - original message - - - - - from : denny , jennifer sent : friday , december 28 , 2001 6 : 42 am to : kitchen , louise subject : proposed retention bonuses for netco sensitivity : confidential louise , i am sorry to bother you at such a critical time , because i know you are doing everything you can to salvage the remaining pieces at enron and are working long & tiresome hours to achieve this difficult matter . however , i felt like i had to at least let you know my thoughts on the following . dave forster & i met a couple of weeks ago on his initiative to discuss the proposed retention bonuses for my group . i was asked to review the preliminary numbers by individual . i was allowed to move dollars but not allowed to increase the total dollar figure for my group . frankly , the numbers seemed pretty low . assuming the goal is to retain key employees for netco , i am not confident these numbers will achieve this . i know several people in my group are interviewing outside of the company . i have asked them to be patient , not make any quick decisions , and give us a chance to see this through . dave told me the figures were based on mid year evaluations . as you know , mid year evaluations are typically lower than year end . the mid year evaluation allows the employee time to improve in order to get to the desired level by year end . i understand the need for a reference point of some sort and mid year was the latest figure available . however , because the retention numbers were based on this , they are significantly lower . my intentions are not to show any disrepect to dave by discussing this with you but i wanted to make sure my thoughts / opinions were communicated to you . if dave has already discussed this with you , i apologize for the duplication . if you have any questions , please feel free to call me . i am on holiday & will be traveling today but can be reached on my cell at 713 - 446 - 9669 . thank you for your time . jennifer 
2	Subject: best prices for impotence drugs one time discount order for vl @ gra , clal 1 s ! vl @ gra discount order today its only $ 1 . 59 per dose . new product 1 : generic viagra , soft tabs what is soft tabs ? only $ 1 . 62 per dose . new product 2 : generic clal 1 s , soft tabs what is soft clal 1 s ? only $ 2 . 22 special offer ! vl @ gra discount order  
2	Subject: date / fuck / flirt no thanks of future campaigns - click here - please allow 48 hours .  
2	Subject: lower cholesterol nature ' s way respected md discovers nature ' s way to lower cholesterol ! clinically tested - mone ( y ) back guarantee ! ! cholesterol down 172 points . cholesterol down 31 points in one month . 100 point reduction on total cholesterol ! 35 % reduction on total cholesterol and triglycerides . 43 % reduction on ldl . 39 % better than zocor i am so much healthier today and do not have to take prescription drugs . - thank you . bern m delray indio , ca get the facts here - http : / / bigprods . com / chl / index . htm this is an advertisement . don ' t want to be contacted again ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - infodele . com / nrmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107 1 ju   1 ju   1 ju  . diesel diffeomorphic dickens dictionary did dickey dickens . diction diffeomorphism diem dichotomous differ diehard diddle . dickens differ dibble dick died diatribe dichloride . diffeomorphism diebold diatonic dido dichotomize dichotomize diatribe . dielectric differentiable 1 ju   1 ju   1 ju  . dichotomy died dickey . dicta dibble dicotyledon dicotyledon differentiable dice differ . diathesis dietrich dick diffeomorphism dielectric didactic dicta . dickens dietrich dictate didn ' t dickens dietician didactic .  
2	Subject: highland - pecos irrigation regarding the subject interconnect , bennie neatherlin / tw operations reported that the facilities have been sold to duke some time ago . the only thing that exists on tw system for the subject interconnect is a 4 " side valve that is disconnected from the measuring facilities . should your prospective producer want to come to tw at this location , we would need to provide you with a level " a " cost estimate for new interconnect facilities to connect to the existing 4 " side valve . tw ' s line pressure at the 4 " side valve would be near 600 - 650 psig . ( should they be interested in going to duke , their line pressure is near 400 psig . ) would you like for us to provide you with a cost estimate ? if so , what type of volumes are proposed and will dehy / production equipment be provided by the producer ? eric faucheaux facility planning 713 / 853 - 3395 reference : former poi # 500269 highland - pecos irrigation sect . 10 , t 23 s - r 28 e eddy co . , new mexico 
2	Subject: popular software at low low prices . quizzed lee ferdinand crackled affect purposeful zeffirelli aggrieves readier dealers hungered rubaiyat monotonousness mafiosi act universes flirt triumphantly leaven ransom antiresonator hide obstructive restrained reparation audiologists alaskan dub burghers sequentiality bungling reversible litigate  
2	Subject: never pay more than $ 60 for ur needed softwares , ours from $ 20 using putting confidence embarrass clean 1472 softwares for you to choose froma - z titles , instant download ! if you don ' t have enough money to buy needed software or think desired software isn ' t worth the price , then this service is right for you . download your sofftwaares from our superfast ( 100 mbits connection ) site & you will be given your own exclusive registration key to register the sofftwaares you bought from us , and now you have your own registered copy of sofftwaares ( will never expired again ) 40 $ adobe creative suite premium ( 5 cds ) 35 $ adobe photoshop cs 8 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 50 $ 3 d studio max 6 . 0 ( 3 cds ) 35 $ adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 ( 1 cd ) 40 $ alias wavefront maya 6 . 0 unlimited ( 2 cds ) 25 $ microsoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack - 1 ( 2 cds ) 25 $ microsoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack - 2 ( 2 cds ) 35 $ microsoft project 2002 pro 25 $ microsoft office publisher 2003 ( 1 cd ) 35 $ microsoft visio 2003 pro ( 1 cd ) 35 $ microsoft windows xp professional with sp 2 ( 1 cd ) over 1400 popular titles to choosedon ' t pay high price for your softwares   c l i c k - h e r e   ( plz give 2 - 3 mins to complete the page loading ) no future mail tongue length women climbing  
2	Subject: re : the transportion model worked great to hear that . you are right , we should include rho ( done ) and theta ( to do ) for the cost term . zimin enron north america corp . from : kenneth shulklapper 04 / 26 / 2000 12 : 07 pm to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : it worked zimin , the model worked well today . hopefully it will continue the same in the future . do we need to make a similar change in the model to " drift " to account for changes on the demand charges over time ? ken 
2	Subject: july 16 th i was talking with deanne about schedule and since we have both visited these guys many times you may want to indicate you interest in who we should see . your choices are as follows : smud ncpa cdwr wapa sierra pacific i was told the agenda is go into sacramento in the morning spend the day visiting two entities and then grab dinner in the city with a bunch of these guys . let ' s get together in the next couple of days and strategize and then do some inviting . stewart 
2	Subject: re : key hr issues going forward all is under control : a - we ' ve set up a " work - out " group under cindy skinner and will be producing the stats and making sure we don ' t cop out . b - as above . several have gone across wholesale already . stats will show this and progress on others . c - fair to say we have total clarity of direction here now ! all memo ' s will be out by monday , cindy olson has sent an email to hr community ( re embargo on hpl staff ) and i believe mark h is drafting something for other otc ' s . fran and michele cash ( i also put another guy on this yesterday ) have all in hand . david david w delainey 02 / 07 / 2001 04 : 39 pm to : john j lavorato / corp / enron , david oxley / hou / ect @ ect cc : mark frevert / na / enron @ enron , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect subject : key hr issues going forward a ) year end reviews - report needs generating like mid - year documenting business unit performance on review completion - david to john ; b ) work out or plan generation for the nim / issues employees - david to john ; c ) hpl transition issues - ongoing . officially transferred . regards delainey 
2	Subject: memo to gpg management - - leadership development please see the attached memo from roger sumlin . 
2	Subject: re : what happened to the letter ? louise , greg signed it and it went out tuesday . he was going to lob in a call to aep as well , but i haven ' t heard whether that happened . would you like a copy of the signed letter as it went out ? michelle michelle cash enron north america corp . 1400 smith street , eb 3823 houston , texas 77002 ( 713 ) 853 - 6401 michelle . cash @ enron . com this message may contain confidential information that is protected by the attorney - client and / or work product privileges . louise kitchen 03 / 22 / 2001 03 : 27 pm to : michelle cash / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : what happened to the letter ? 
2	Subject: application approval for kernel @ vger . kernel . org mon , 07 mar 2005 09 : 37 : 14 - 0800 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a much lower rate based on the biggest rate drop in years . you can now get $ 327 , 000 for as little as $ 617 a month ! bad credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! follow this link to process your application and a 24 hour approval : best regards , margie johnston http : / / www . qklenders . com / x / st . html - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: better prescripiton drvgs cohesion amoeba gravid spittle apology want a prescription medication ? find it here ! everything you need ! we have it ! quick and economical ! all your needs in one shop ! stop receiving promotional material now regrettable straw dendrite spruce abutted brett  
2	Subject: re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group valeria : thank you for your prompt response . i have arranged the following schedule for your interviews . please let me know if any of the times are inconvenient . wednesday , september 13 th : 3 : 30 pm vince kaminski , managing director 4 : 00 pm grant masson , vice president 4 : 30 pm tanya tamarchenko , director 5 : 00 pm kevin kindall , manager when you enter the lobby of the enron bldg . , go to the security area and they will call me on the telephone to let us know you are here and will give you a visitor ' s security pass . your interviews will be held in ebl 938 . have a great weekend and we will see you on the 13 th of september . best regards , shirley crenshaw valeria . i . stone @ exxon . sprint . com on 09 / 01 / 2000 08 : 43 : 27 am to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : subject : re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group date : september 1 , 2000 from : stone , v . i . ( valeria ) vistone - americas to : ext - shirley . crenshaw ( a ) enron . co shirlecl - fpexmail subject : re : informal exploratory interview with enron research group i want to thank you for giving me this excellent opportunity to meet with enron research group . i would be my pleasure to visit with you any time after 3 pm september 12 - 15 th . if this time frame is not suitable for you , please let me know . also , it would be preferable for me to schedule the interview as late as you can in the afternoon or as early in the morning as possible . as i has already mentioned above , i am very honored by the interest displayed by enron research group in interviewing me . i believe your company displays an excellent example of the well respected leader of the energy industry . enron ' s overall orientation of staying on the cutting edge of technology ( with such breathtaking projects as e - commerce development ) will make the employment with enron very interesting , pleasant , and rewarding experience . furthermore , it will provide me with an excellent opportunity to make the contribution to your company ' s continuing growth and profit . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fpexmail ( shirlecl ) sent : thursday , august 31 , 2000 5 : 29 pm to : stone , v . i . ( valeria ) subject : informal exploratory interview with enron research group ms . stone : your resume was forwarded to the enron research group and they would like to conduct an informal interview with you at your convenience . please let me know your availability the week of september 11 th . the individuals that would like to interview you are : vince kaminski grant masson kevin kindall tanya tamarchenko they will need approximately 30 minutes each ( 2 - 2 1 / 2 hours ) you may reach me at 713 / 853 - 5290 or by email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com i look forward to hearing from you . sincerely , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group 
2	Subject: re : lunch fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 09 / 28 / 2000 10 : 26 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - allan . roberts @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 09 / 26 / 2000 09 : 41 : 47 am to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : subject : re : lunch shirley , thank you for your e - mail , i hope all has turned out well with vince and his family . this is my first day back in the office , so the reason for contacting you is to acknowledge receipt of your note and to inquire as to when vince will next be in the uk . please contact me at you convenience , allan to : allan roberts cc : date : 18 / 09 / 2000 16 : 18 from : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com subject : re : lunch allen : i apologize ! i tried to call on the numbers below , but they would not go through . i sent you an email explaining why vince was not there , unfortunately it did not get to you in time ! vince ' s wife and son were driving to california for his junior year at stanford . they stopped in phoenix and his wife got sick . vince is afraid he will have to fly out there and drive them on to calif . please accept our deepest apologies and we will reschedule for october , if it is ok . regards , shirley crenshaw allan . roberts @ uk . arthurandersen . com on 09 / 18 / 2000 09 : 08 : 15 am to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : chris . j . osborne @ uk . arthurandersen . com , richard . p . emerton @ uk . arthurandersen . com , mike . pilgrem @ uk . arthurandersen . com , angela . mindley @ uk . arthurandersen . com subject : lunch dear shirley , my colleagues and i were expecting to lunch with vince today . unfortunately , vince did not show . the reason for contacting you is to inform you of the situation and to enquire as to whether everything is ok . his plane arrived on time , but we have not heard from him today . if you need to contact me urgently , please call me on + 44 370 584 695 , or my ea angela on + 44 7304 8102 . regards , allan * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it . * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it . 
2	Subject: i have a question about your website ? hello , my name is steve scott and i ' m president and ceo of cheapautol . com . i will like to share with you on how i made thousands of website owners like yourself very rich . yes , i mean filthy rich . the system i developed and you are about to learn earns awesome cash from any computer connected to the internet , anywhere in the world . in one month you can earned more than an entire years work ! we have been helping other online website businesses make massive fortunes for over 7 years with a huge profit gain each and every year . we are now planning to expand our company by networking with other online sites such as yours . the program is free to join and you can instantly generate an ongoing stream of income without any cost or obligation on your part . if you are interested in making extra income please visit our web site for more details . go to http : / / www . cheapautol . com - - with best regards , steve scott globalnetwire 2 2671 w 4 th st hawthorne , ca 90247 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: voluntary spyware copy ( do not forward ) this entire e - mail and paste it onto a new e - mail that you will send . change all of the answers so that they apply to you . then send this to a whole bunch of people you know including the person who sent it to you . the theory is that you will learn a lot of little known facts about your friends . remember to send yours back to the person who sent it to you . here goes . . . . 1 . what time is it ? 3 : 22 pm ( central ) 3 . nickname : bonnie 4 . parents names : jim & lois 5 . number of candles that appeared on your last birthday cake : 30 something 6 . date that you regularly blow them out ? 7 - 23 7 . pets : buster and heather ( dogs ) , willie ( fish ) 8 . eye color : blue 9 . hair color : brown 10 . piercing : ears 11 . tattoos : none 12 . how much do you love your job ? love is a strong word ! 14 . hometown : silver spring , md 15 . current residence : san antonio , tx 16 . been in love ? yes 17 . been to africa : no 18 . been toilet papering ? yes 19 . loved somebody so much it made you cry ? yes 20 . been in a car accident ? no 21 . croutons or bacon bits ? croutons 22 . sprite or 7 - up ? no preference 23 . favorite movie : sleepless in seattle 24 . favorite holiday : christmas 25 . favorite day of the week : saturday 26 . favorite word or phrase : serenity 27 . favorite toothpaste : crest 28 . favorite restaurant ( s ) : america ' s in houston 29 . favorite flower : stargazer lilies 30 . favorite drinks : mountain dew , margaritas 31 . favorite sport to watch : football 32 . preferred type of ice cream : ben and jerry ' s cherry garcia 33 . favorite sesame street character : elmo 34 . disney or warner bros . ? disney 35 . favorite fast food restaurant : taco bell 36 . when was your last hospital visit ? dec 1998 37 . what color is your bedroom carpet ? tan 38 . how many times did you fail your permit or drivers test ? none . 39 . who is the last person you got mail from before this ? corporate communications 40 . have you ever been convicted of a crime ? no 41 . which single store would you choose to max out your credit card ? talbots 42 . what do you do most often when you are bored ? take a nap 43 . name the person that you are friends with that lives the farthest : allen and dawn - san francisco 44 . most annoying thing ? clutter 45 . bedtime ? 11 : 00 pm 46 . who will respond the quickest ? who knows ! 47 . who is the person you sent this to that is least likely to respond ? guess 48 . favorite all time tv show ? dallas ( the early ones ) 49 . last person you went out to dinner with : jim and michelle 50 . last movie you saw : bridget jones diary 51 : time when you finished : 3 : 37 pm bonnie hitschel 210 - 283 - 2456 
2	Subject: consultation prize winner notice powerball lotto . bv powerball lotto - wheel e - game 2005 , date : 6 th - april - 2005 ref nr : pbl / cn / 6654 / cp dear consultation prize winner , re : consultation prize winner notice europe / america private international e - games organizers and co - sponsors , powerball lotto group international , officially bring to your notice of the final draw result of the 20 th march - 2005 powerball lotto - wheel e - game which was conducted at our international corporate office complex in the netherlands . most recently this foundation set up the new lottery scheme to give out prizes based on computer ballot system . by doing this the foundation seek to ncourage the use of internet for academic and business pursuits . it major aim is to promote music , theater , art , literature , projects in the social and political arena with a focus on health , as well as science , research , and higher education . we wish to congratulate and inform you on the selection of your email coupon number which was selected among the 45 lucky consultation prize winners . your email id identified with coupon no . pbl 2348974321 and was selected by our e - games random selection system ( erss ) with entries from the 50 , 000 different email addresses enrolled for the e - game . your email id was included among the 50 , 000 different email addresses submitted by our partner international email provider companies . you have won a consultation cash prize of us $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( five hundred thousand us dollars ) only . the powerball lotto group . bv , have approved a payout of your consultation cash prize which will be remunerated directly to you by the official payment agency board . our due process unit ( dpu ) will render to you complete assistance and provide additional information and processes for the claims of your consultation prize . for due processing of your winning claim , please contact the dpu information officer mr . mark moody who has been assigned to assist you . contact e - mail : fileofficer @ uk 2 . net tel : 0031 - 621 - 987 - 260 fax : 0031 - 847 - 300 - 537 once again congratulations from all our staffs on your consultation prize winning , we hope you will partake our forth coming powerball lotto - wheel email - games . regards mrs gladis morgan ( group coordinator ) nb : in accordance with the powerball lotto - wheel e - games policy and regulations , this notification is dispatched directly to only the 45 lucky consultation prize winners . this notification also contains information that is proprietary , privileged or confidential or otherwise legally exempt from disclosure . if you are not the right recipient whose email address attached to the lucky numbers along with the winning informations you are not authorized to read , print , retain , copy or disseminate this notice or any part of it . 
2	Subject: new hire placement status the following new hire analysts ( commercial side ) have been placed in their first rotation : analyst business unit supervisor alberto crespo commercial transactions chris helfrich niclas egmar enron research ronnie chahal aaron martinsen ees account operations & process julian travis mike spuriell ees account operations & process julian travis john weakly risk management for equity & debt trading bennett kauffman adrian woolcock ees gas structuring debra merril samuel pak - he came in on the support side , but has been given a commercial role with global exploration & production steve harper zeina el - azzi has received an offer from the commercial transactions group , but has not yet accepted because she is waiting on an offer from the middle eastern development group . ben thomason has received three offers ( capital structuring , apache transaction services , and commercial transactions ) - he is making a decision by the end of tomorrow . rahul seksaria - he is interviewing with larry lawyer ' s group in eci tomorrow . the following analysts on the commercial support side have been placed as indicated below : michael benien business analysis & reporting norman levine jody crook gas assets steve venturatos israel estrada global rate services mary solmonson sharon hausinger ees commercial risk management barry vanderhorst jennifer keith ees financial operations patrick hanes christine milliner corporate hr suzanne brown justin o ' malley ees gas commodities david draper adnan patel global counterparty mary gosnell lauren schlesinger ees financial planning matt culver shirley sidler global products scott earnest leah stephens global products kevin sweeney george thomas business analysis & reporting jody pierce shilpa chunchu - interviewing with groups angie zeman - interviewing with groups the following new hire associate has been placed as indicated below : russell dyk mid - markets trading jenn fraser juan cabrales - he has been extended two offers ( panama group and structuring ) . he is to make decision by friday . 
2	Subject: omit other alternatives that can help you discover fantastic sav . ings ? if you vvant to pur . chase quality medz and s . ave at the same time , there are a lot of vvays that help . require quality curatives on mild to severepain , sleepingdisorder , menscare , womenscare , overvveight or other afflictions ? uncover the finest offerings . at our cyberzone , sh . oppers have vvonderful selections on generic alleviations . bring you simple sa . vings with our generic medicaments . you can read the latest info . regarding the shipments in the orderstatus . http : / / f . 6 . cheerfultune . com / wlx / it is time to read these fabulous . deals . ome days past secret separate us , and i would rather be overturned by him , than driven safely however , on perceiving smiles and intelligent glances pass between ed in the ho use , unknown to my mother , as a special messenger in case of by anybody else . " emergency , to fetch th 1 e nurse and 7 doctor .     tho se allied powers were consi 
2	Subject: he has $ 181 , 679 available for you this short little form will provide you with great rates that will improve your life ! lt . gen . john sattler , commanding general of the lst marine expeditionary force , said 51 u . s . troops and eight iraqi security forces have died in the falluja offensive . about 1974 insurgents have been killed in the battle , he said . although falluja is secured , troops remain busy conducting bled mopping up operations and permitted engaging in sporadic fights with holdout insurgents in the city . sattler eradicate said u . s . and iraqi troops are " ubiquitous " throughout the city . " falluja is secure , but we ' re in that search - and - clear phase which will make it safe , " he said . " we ' ve commenced the clean - up operation " and humanitarian assistance is being moved into the town . about 25 to 30 injured civilians in the city have been treated for injuries , sattler said , adding that 2 he knows of no civilians killed in the fighting . he said more than 1 , 000 met suspects have been captured . some have been released after questioning . thair al - nakib , a cannot spokesman for interim furtherance iraqi prime minister ayad allawi , said the battle for falluja has 8 been won by u . s . and iraqi forces and that the city is no longer a terror stronghold . 
2	Subject: dale burt jennings , * the _ cable _ filter will allow you to receive all the channels that you order with your remote control , * want pay _ perviews , xxx - movies , sport events , special - events , ' ; protrude , torture , acuity , aerogene . tater , retentive , repetitive , acadia .  
2	Subject: re : ming sit dennis : i talked to ming for only short time and am concerned about the cons scott mentioned . i would like to know what your assessment is like . also , i would like vince , ronnie & myself to talk to ming over the phone . can we call him directly and talk to him ? please let me know how strongly you feel about having him as a support person . thanks , krishna . x 35485 to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : ming sit krisna : are you still interested in hiring ming sit , through the research group . if so , please proceed and assign him to support ees . please let me know if i need to provide any information . thanks dennis - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dennis benevides / hou / ees on 05 / 22 / 2000 09 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - james w lewis 05 / 21 / 2000 11 : 44 am to : dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees cc : scott stoness / hou / ees @ ees subject : re : ming sit i like db ' s suggestion . let ' s do it . enron energy services from : dennis benevides 05 / 19 / 2000 03 : 31 pm phone no : 713 853 - 9609 to : scott stoness / hou / ees @ ees cc : james w lewis / hou / ees @ ees subject : re : ming sit got a little scared at your first sentence i read " he is no replacement for jay but he could be for dennis b . . " ? ? . anyway : i think he would be a good fit withing the group . krisna has offered to hire him in the research group , he has good programing background and is excited about working for enron instead of a utility such as pacificcorp . he expressed interest in applying his skill to make $ $ $ $ . i suggest bringing him in in research as a first alternative . i see three potential applications where we can use his skills to evaluate best longer term fit : continuing ronnie ' s model building role , but with a focus within neil ' s group to tie rm systems together bridge the lack of phd econometrics expertise we have as are result of the departure of anoush . risk management systems infrastructure development . scott stoness 05 / 19 / 2000 02 : 02 pm to : james w lewis / hou / ees @ ees cc : dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees subject : ming sit he is no replacement for jay but he could be a dennis b employee . pros : engineer so would be good at math his boss hired him a 2 nd time ( 1 at txu and again at pacificor again ) so he must be reliable phd in economics and engineering ( good ) from stanford ( ugh : ) : ) : ) ) cons : does not understand tariffs . i asked him and he said he is not experienced . i probed too and he does not understand regulatory that well . does not understand ancillary services ( which is surprising to me since he started out as an plant operation side of hk power ) has limited people management skills ( he described 1 analyst he works with that is not capable that he has to jump into the excel spreadsheet and fix it for him and he cannot give him feedback because it is a utility mentality ) he is not a good communicator ( i asked him to describe what he did in hk power and it took him forever to explain because he expected me to know that plant operations meant planning the start up of oil plants ) . overall : i suspect that he is a very solid guy when it comes to analysis but not particularly creative or good at communication and leadership . he would be a great support person . i would hire for analysis but not as a potential leader . go 
2	Subject: re : meter 981594 - san jacinto low pressure del to defs per duke energy field services , we can ramp up after the outtage and keep the meter whole at 20 m , if we choose . mary 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? teen ang horny young ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ladies are awaitin ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? g you ! ?  we hold more then 20 . 000 single young explicit photos and about 50 hrs of full select video . click here  
2	Subject: position manager for 8 / 1 / 01 it appears that there is a 10 mw transmission schedule missing on peak from pac system border to mid c . this has us out 320 mw at mid c for 8 / 1 / 01 . thanks - ryan 
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the postfix program at host mail . freeservers . com . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that your message could not be be delivered to one or more recipients . it ' s attached below . for further assistance , please send mail to if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the attached returned message . the postfix program ( expanded from ) : host 10 . 133 . 22 . 254 [ 10 . 133 . 22 . 254 ] said : 554 error : : recipient address denied - relay access denied ( in reply to rcpt to command ) 
2	Subject: re : hello molly , kim watson would like us to bring jacob for another interview . we can do it later this week . vince vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2001 02 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : kimberly watson / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 09 : 17 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : hello hi vince , if you are still interested in bringing back this gentleman back for another interview , i would very much like to meet with him . sean talked with him when you brought him in a few weeks ago and he thought it would be a good idea for me to meet with him so we can compare thoughts . thanks , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 1 : 21 pm to : watson , kimberly cc : krishnarao , pinnamaneni ; kaminski , vince subject : re : hello kim , this is a letter from one of the job applicants who works for pros . it seems that the system they develop for williams is more a scheduling system . would you like to ask him to come back for another interview , to get more information out of him ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 16 / 2001 01 : 18 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jacob y . kang " on 04 / 11 / 2001 11 : 18 : 44 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : hello dear vince : it was so nice meeting and talking with you too . i did not take any pen back , i lost my pen too somewhere in enron . as i mentioned to you , after i got my ph . d in 1999 , i have been working two years as lead scientist and science manager in energy division at pros revenue management inc . in houston . i developed and implemented the mathematical models for trading optimization system and firm transportation optimization system . the trading optimization system becomes the most popular product in the industry this year . duke energy just signed the contract to buy this product yesterday . conoco and williams also signed the contracts for it . according to pros sales department , the potential marketer to buy this product exceeds 15 companies in one or two years . enron is the ideal place for me to continue my research and system developing efforts to combine revenue management with risk management . i am confident that i can make significant contributions to enron in this area . i would like to thank you again for giving me this opportunity to come to enron for this interview . i am looking forward to having the opportunity to work in enron . sincerely yours jacob - - - vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > jacob , > > it was nice meeting you . did take by any chance > my pen ? if not , i apologize . > > vince > do you yahoo ! ? get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail . http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com /  
2	Subject: email addresses just a quick heads - up : ubs is intending to give everyone in houston an email address in the format : firstname . lastname . ubswenergy . com . obviously , this conflicts a bit in that we are promoting the online system as ubswenergy . com . i don ' t see this as a huge issue , but wanted you to know before it happens . dave 
2	Subject: your online sales are low because you don _ t have enough visitors ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiil be invisibie virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , springmorqan _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: dave d . presentation vince , here it is . i did not include a slide about london . let me know if you think it is needed . stinson 
2	Subject: meter 5593 daren - canyou get a deal set up for meter 5593 for aug 00 ? there has been a small amount of flow everyday . total flow for aug . 00 is 1 . 054 . last deal ticket associated was 133169 for jul . 00 . let me know if you have any questions . al 
2	Subject: congratulations ! ! ! you have won from : the desk of the promotions manager , international promotions / prize award department , ref : gsl / 002 / 008711 / 551 . batch : lcf / 002 / 0135 / 71 . attention : re : award notification and final notice we are pleased to inform you of the announcement the day november to december 2004 , winners of the trop lottos international program . your details , attached to ticket number 213 - 1843 - 0045 - 452 , with serial number 7198 - 42 drew the lucky numbers 14 , 24 , 28 , 36 , 52 , 71 . you have therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 2 . 500 . 000 ( two million , five hundred thousand united states dollars ) in cashcredited to file ref no . ref : gsl / 002 / 008711 / 551 . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 20 , 000 names from middle east , asia , africa , canada , europe , australia , new zealand , south and north america as part of our international promotions program . congratulations ! your funds is now deposited with an international finance and security house insured in your name . due to the mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep this award strictly from public notice until your claim has been processed and your money remitted to your account . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming or unscrupulous acts by participants of this program . we hope with a part of you prize , you will participate in our new year ' s high stakes us $ 25 million dollars international lottery 2005 . to begin your claim , please contact your international claims agent ; mr scott kelly , foreign service manager , tel : + 32 - 477 - 353 - 119 email : - interlottery - treasure @ mail . com for due processing and remittance of your prize money ( us $ 2 . 5 m ) to a designated account of your choice . remember , you must contact your claim agent not later than december 2004 . after this date all funds will be returned as unclaimed . note : in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please remember to quote your reference and batch numbers in every one of your correspondences with your agent . furthermore should there be any change of your address , do inform your claims agent as soon as possible . congratulations again from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . sincerely , ms , ann van gore . the promotions manager , trop lotto international . n . b . any breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . please do not reply to this mail . contact your claims agent  
2	Subject: gmm - 23 mar 01 please find attached the global markets monitor dated 23 march 2001 . maureen raymond - castaneda and gwyn koepke 
2	Subject: delivery status notification ( failure ) this is an automatically generated delivery status notification . delivery to the following recipients failed . magnus . hammar @ hes . hammars . com 
2	Subject: stop smoking in two weeks ! proven system . the number one new year ' s resolution is . . . stop smoking ! details here - quit in 2 weeks ! ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) the finalsmoke system was designed to help you conquerall aspects of your smoking habit . it ' s powerhouse proprietary all - herbal formula is the very backboneof the finalsmoke system . it removes your cravings to smoke and relieves the symptoms associated with nicotine withdrawal . in less than 14 days , you will be completely smoke - free , and on your way to healthy living . details here - quit in 2 weeks ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) just a few testimonials - i love your product ! ! ! i have smoked for 40 + years , and i quit cold turkey . basically , i took final smoke , and a couple of hours later triedto smoke a cigarette . but i was absolutely sick from it ! i now can keep up enjoy my grandchildren without coughing wheezing ! ! thank you ! ! ! - mary t . goddard , ksthis system works ! ! ! i ' ve wanted to quit smoking for some time now , but the physical cravings always kept me back ; but with this system , my cravings were gone , and now so is my awful habit ! ! - kai e . clinton , nydetails here - quit in 2 weeks ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) i was skeptical when i ordered your product . i was a smoker for 32 years and had tried everything . on april 17 that 12 : 00 pm , i finished my last cigarette in my last pack . after taking the first 2 pills , i have not touched another cigarette . on march 15 , 1991 i turned 35 years old . 6 days later i had a severe heart attack . after in the hospital for 9 days i walkedout and started smoking again . i sat with my dad for a year till he died of lungcancer in 1997 and i still smoked even as i watched him waste away . until i started fina lsmoke i felt that within 5 years i ' d be dead and gone . but now i feel alive again . more energy and even happier than i have been in years . and i owe it all to you and your great product . you have changed my life foreverand for that i can never repay you . thank you . - ronnie davenport oklahoma city , okexactly what i needed . . . this is a great system ! i knew cigarettes were packedwith poisons but i didn ' t know just how many or what kind there were ! the final smoke capsules were the best . every time i lit up a cigarette , i threw it away before half of it was smoked , usually only 2 - 3 puffs . it made me feel sick and nauseous to smoke these poisons ! this is exactly what i needed to help me stop ! i ' ve been tryingto quit for the past 7 years , i tried everything under the sun with no results . with final smoke i was smoke free in under a month ! - e . okamura , hawaii details here - quit in 2 weeks ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) want to be dropped from our list ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - comdele . com / nrmm . htmcomputer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107 fortin gun albania chaise brenner . retrieval pike murky snarl jug mobcap . baggage hunk latch carte gunfight vulgar . bush arsine caravan cybernetics dibble offenbach . theocracy illiterate alterate document alcoholic laminar . seeable warranty writ diathesis snort stone . diffident chit john trivia morn graft . drive cedar aqua droplet nightgown stricken .  
2	Subject: hot stock tip your broker won ' t share yap internationa | , inc . ( ypil ) voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product . current price : $ 0 . 1 o watch this stock wednesday some of these little voip stocks have been reaily moving lateiy . and when some of them move , they reaily go . . . gains of 100 % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! yap international , inc . identified another voip technology provider that the company intends to market and seil under the nomad product name . under the new plan , the company will market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the globa | marketplace . each device works with either a dia | - up or a broadband connection , and are ideaily suited , not oniy in north america , but in developing nations around the world where broadband penetration is | imited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering will offer video conferencing capabilities , cail forwarding , cail waiting , voice mai | , and a gioba | virtual number . aiso included in the new offering is a residential standalone device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no externa | power and works perfectly with any anaiog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced ca | | forwarding to any ceil phone or reguiar phone with remote dia | - out ( celiu | ar bridging capabiiity ) . a sieek voip enabied , ful | - featured lan phone with lcd dispiay , ca | | er id and web interface ; a residential or business stand aione voip gateway that has built - in nat router and firewa | | , enhanced call forwarding , call block and remote dial - out ( cellular bridging ) ; and a standalone voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabied phones wil | be added to the product line . each voip enabled handset has the ability to utiiize either a dia | - up or broadband connection . inciuded in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , including a usb cordless phone for home or office . each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utilizes oniy 5 % - 30 % of a 20 o mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to delay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 4 oo mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to deiay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management beiieves this to be one of the most complete and technologically advanced line of voip products currentiy avaiiabie in the worid . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months | eaves us with tools necessary to commercialize and market our products on a gioba | scale . we expect our milestones to be met and thus executing our business pian as anticipated   , stated jan oiivier , ceo of yap internationa | inc . about the company : yap international , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company holds the exciusive rights to a revolutionary voip product | ine cailed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cabie , sate | | ite and wireless capabilities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade wednesday ! go ypil . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 005 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: wed , 06 jul 2005 12 : 56 : 29 - 0600 dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 470 , 200 home loan at a 3 . 20 fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , all we ask is that you visit the link below and complete the 1 minute post approval form . sincerely , jason phillips 
2	Subject: dont let age deter you from great sex ! 20 minutes is all it takes more info here . . . dart lj bremsstrahlung yc regretful sy luminary vw coloratura ymz perfect fnj drag dho deconvolve nft fief tik weigh vm cognition yr adjutant ss prodigy xl lurid tu no  
2	Subject: high voiume bounce on this stock the oi | and gas advisory now that oil and gas has entered a long - term buil market , our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervalued energy piays has produced soaring returns . emerson oi | and gas ( eogi ) is an energy deveioper in the us " oi | beit " and in canada ' s most highly coveted reservoirs with generating potential of millions per week . breaking news ! ! ! vancouver , apri | 22 - emerson oi | and gas , inc . , announced a decision to explore the development of driiling programs in wyoming ( usa ) , as well as aiberta ( canada ) , where severa | more very intriguing prospects , that include existing production , are developing rapidly . emerson wil | announce further detaiis as | ease opportunities and contract negotiations come to fruition . one of the most effective ways to acquire financing for driiling programs involves existing production of oil and or gas opportunities , as well as targeted areas with surrounding production . emerson is very optimistic that with its current dea | flow it will be able to buiid a soiid foundation to grow . david harker , emerson president stated , " we at emerson are aggressively pursuing all possibie opportunities for growth and success . we beiieve that in many situations we wi | | have the opportunity to inciude existing production in a dri | | ing program , which wil | always encourage the participation of financial partners . " symbo | - eogi price - . o 9 the vaiue of eogi ' s shares wil | skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest buil market in a generation . 2 . natural gas prices have tripled in the last two years . 3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth muiti - miliions , eogi is selling for | ess than 1 / 4 the value of its assets . 4 . emerson oil and gas speciaiizes in using new technoiogy to turn unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises . already shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the overa | | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized explorers and developers | ike emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadrupie returns . our subscribers need to pay particulariy ciose attention to undervaiued eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for | ong . this smal | company with a comparabiy smail market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oil and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especia | | y with the daiiy jump in energy prices . but all that wil | change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move into production , bringing an explosion of cash that is expected to capture the attention of the market , and have an equally expiosive effect on the share price . what wi | | the cash fiow from these projects do for the price of emerson oi | and gas ' shares ? wel | we do know this - the great thing about investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in the price of oil and gas . even if energy prices stay flat , or decline slightiy , you wil | sti | | make a very heaithy return . of course , energy prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year or so as predicted , meaning the vaiue of eogi ' s assets and earnings wiil soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wil | be staggering . overa | | , we consider eogi to be one of the | ast outstanding energy piays in the oi | and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized , eogi shares will surge sharply on heavy investor attention . we have identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . eogi ' s oil and gas reserves are we | | estabiished and are going into massive production . eariy investors will secure optimum gains , and any additional news in this area will rea | | y turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets upward in next week ' s bu | | etin . oil and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain statements contained in this newsletter may be future - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wi | | , and intend or simiiar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of future - results . this is not an expert to acquire or se | | securities . oga is an independent publication that was paid fifteen thousand do | | ars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance from a financial expert . investors shouid use the information provided in this newsietter as a starting point for gathering additional information on the profiled company to a | | ow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 010 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: fw : financial times 23 / 11 fyi . . . we can expect a number of calls friday about our trading levels . we need to be honest about counterparties and volumes without being alarmist . i ' ll be in the office at 8 : 30 a . m . so will check with both of you in the morning . thx . kd - - - - - original message - - - - - from : parsons , alex sent : thu 11 / 22 / 2001 11 : 56 am to : denne , karen cc : palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; kean , steven j . ; gentle , jackie subject : financial times 23 / 11 karen there will be a story in tomorrow ' s financial times about our trading position in europe . myself and john sherriff spoke with london - based ft reporter andy taylor . andy is a long - standing contact and an enron supporter . he spoke with various players in the european market and although they were supportive , they were also giving the impression that business with enron had dropped 90 % . this is not the case and it was therefore important to refute this . i ' m comfortable with how the interview went . john made a point of saying how supportive counterparties had been and we did not discuss anything beyond our european trading position . will forward the coverage tomorrow . hope all is well and that you had an enjoyable thanksgiving . cheers alex 
2	Subject: wish i ' dd tried sooner how to save on your supper medlcations over 70 % . redundance pharmshop - successfull and mutilation proven way to save your mon confessedly ey . atonement v seiche ag statical al jobmaster lu cultured l r metasomatism a hectare cl coldhardening isva afflatus l pressure m andmanyother . best p underbuy rlces . worldwide shlpplng woodengraver . easy infestation order form . total con arcuate fidentiaiity . 2 versification 50 , 000 satisfied customers . order flounder today and save ! 
2	Subject: direct generic drugs ! save over 70 % ! overnight shipping ! utk cheap meds most charge $ 14 . 95 we charge only $ 2 . 59 no prescrlpt 1 ion requlred shlpped worldw 1 ide check it out i saved over 70 % http : / / www . the - rxsite . com / ? hotstuff ho ho ho ! happy holidays ! - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: re : your visit with vince kaminski - enron corp . research dear mr . fujita : i will be glad to make the dinner arrangements . i will make reservations at the " latour d ' argent " restaurant located at 2011 ella blvd at t . c . jester . for 6 : 30 pm on the 17 th . they do require a coat . i believe most of the cabs will know where it is - but just in case : " take i - 45 north to 610 east , go to the ella blvd exit and turn left ( back under the freeway ) on ella blvd . go to 2011 ella blvd . ( on the right ) . " look forward to having you at enron . thank you . sincerely , shirley crenshaw 713 - 853 - 5290 masayuki fujita on 04 / 05 / 2000 11 : 44 : 48 am to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : subject : re : your visit with vince kaminski - enron corp . research dear ms . crenshaw : we are very glad to see professor kaminski has taken our proposal to have a dinner on 17 th . i would like to take your very kind offer to arrange the place to have dinner . we are now arranging to stay four seasons hotel . it is just a second time to visit houston and we will not have a car , but may use a taxi between hotel and restaurant . please give us a recommendations . i wonder if four seasons have a good one . best regards , masayuki fujita principal financial engineer financial technologies section mitsubishi research institute , inc . 3 - 6 otemachi 2 - chome , chiyoda - ku tokyo 100 - 8141 japan tel + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0582 fax + 81 - 3 - 3277 - 0521 > dear mr . fujita : > > professor kaminski will be delighted to have dinner with you and your > colleague mr . yamada . i have put you on his calendar at 3 : 00 pm . with > dinner to follow in early evening . > > please let me know if you would like me to make dinner reservations > for you . > > sincerely , > > shirley crenshaw > administrative coordinator > enron corp . research group > 713 / 853 - 5290 
2	Subject: here is the estimate that i came up with for work still to be done by enron when eog is done . please take a look at this and forward it on to michelle lokay if you are satisfied . sorry i didn ' t get this to you earlier to review together . 
2	Subject: mix , rip and burn like a pro . download realplayer plus now . advanced cd burning rip , mix and burn cds and mp 3 s faster at 320 kbps . advanced video controls customize your video experience with brightness , contrast , sharpness , and hue graphic eq create the perfect sound by adjusting for input and room size with 10 - band graphic eq . crossfade set up segues , close gaps between tracks , and mix like a pro .  
2	Subject: california update 6 / 19 / 01 executive summary ? angelides to announce bridge loan financing ? us senate democrats go back & forth with ferc ? sdg & e line sale overview ? california dwr contracts add tension ? ge accommodates western power sellers ? pg & e executives profit even in bankruptcy angelides to announce bridge loan financing as reported on the wires and confirmed by sources , state treasurer , angelides will announce a $ 4 . 3 b bridge loan today at 2 pm pst . the majority of the loan will be provided by j . p . morgan chase and lehman brothers . us senates withdraws price cap legislation , almost in response to yesterday ' s ferc order , the senate energy committee chairman bingaman , and california us senators feinstein and boxer have decided to temporarily withdraw legislation aimed at setting wholesale power price caps in western states . the action displays an effort by lawmakers to acknowledge both bush ' s and ferc ' s meek spirit of cooperativeness and allow some time to determine the order ' s effectiveness . at least one legislator remains unsatisfied as sources report that sen . gordon smith ( r - oregon ) plans to author a bill by july that would attempt to extend the one year term on yesterdays ferc order to cover the northwest ' s power shortages winter 2002 . acknowledging the seasonal power swap between california and its northern neighbors , smith views current mitigation plan covering two california summers , and only one northwest winter , as unfair . sdg & e line sale through this deal , sempra and the state assert that san diego gas & electric ' s $ 750 m undercollect can be eliminated without a state purchase of sdg & e ' s transmission assets , which is the only element of the deal that would have to be approved by the legislature . ( this is a key difference between this agreement and the socal mou . ) the other tenets of the deal would only have to be approved by the puc . in other words , sempra claims that it will be able to eliminate sdg & e ' s undercollect just by dealing with the puc rather than the legislature . sources suggest that this may be in reaction to the failure of the socal mou to move in the legislature . sources also indicate that the earlier trans - elect offer to purchase sdg & e lines for ( $ 1 . 8 b ) considerably less than the states bid only makes the california legislature more leery of approving the socal mou . mou attached below . davis kindles new fire over dwr contracts friday ' s release of the cadwr power contracts motioned republicans to begin a new wave of complaints against the governor remarking that the contract information was lacking and data that the public has a right to know had been blacked out . assembly member dave cox ( minority leader ) stated that the most troubling items were the clauses that exempt generators from having to pay windfall profit taxes or environmental penalties , and instead these would be paid by taxpayers . backlash from the republicans has been increasing as a new wave of california television commercials peg davis as the root of california ' s energy woes . ge out west sources report that there are 3 or 4 ge generator sets ( peaker plants ) on the market now for $ 14 - $ 15 m . this is because the people who bought these units do not want to go forward and get into the california market because it is " too arbitrary . " sources report that the sellers of these generator sets made this decision beginning approximately a week ago . additionally , sources believe that ge may move to cost - plus - based pricing for sellers of power in order to provide stable financing for generators over the long term , though this would mean less profits than in the past . pg & e executives profit even in bankruptcy as reported on 6 - 14 , sources continue to believe that socal executives are closely following the events unfolding in the pg & e bankruptcy case , as mentioned in last thursday ' s report " judge montali approved large bonuses for pg & e senior management after pg & e ' s filing made bryson and other members of his team " reconsider " the merits of bankruptcy . " today ' s news reports of judge montali ' s order providing pg & e executive with $ 17 . 5 m in bonuses just reiterates the point to bryson that pg & e executives remain well - paid even in bankruptcy thus suggesting socal could do equally well in the event of a filing . sources suggest that socal ' s current cash position weighs less heavily in determining a bankruptcy filing than the prospect of asset seizures / liens ( however , sources continue to make inquiries as to socal ' s cash flow situation . ) 
2	Subject: i didn ' t wait any longer hello , welcome to pharmonl symbolist ine s peptone hop - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical sho rubiginous ps overdrunk v intercommunicate g attendance al sheldrake ll icelander la obduracy rac promote l thesaurus is eventually va coercive um andmanyother . - save over roarer 50 % - worldwide s shaken hlpplng - total papillary confidentiaiity - over 5 miiiion cu obliging stomers in 130 countries have a ni portcrayon ce day ! 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for january 31 , 2001 teco tap 20 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: online pharmacy - buy drugs online fact : you are paying more than you have to . solution : we give better prices and such on your stuff . we offer vics , vals and all the others . check it out here clock : a small mechanical device to wake up people without children . multiplication beowulf some cause happiness wherever they go ; others whenever they go . a great love ? send real roses preserved in 24 kt gold ! click here heroes commute sometimes i know that there is intelligent life on other planets because they haven ' t tried to contact us . action may not always be happiness , but there is no happiness without action . bravura accra and what does that mean to you ? " since i have smashed my denominational glasses , i have a better vision of who christ is . actinometer advise trust in god , but tie your camel . ( old moslem proverb ) there are no hopeless situations - - only people who are hopeless about them . ( dinah shore ) newman order she asked what he was doing . behaviour is a mirror in which everyone shows his image . ( goethe ) seaquake negligent 3 ) they call you dad . a celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognised . necromancer wallet a daddy was listening to his child say his prayer " dear harold , " . . . . . . . . at this , dad interrupted and said , " wait a minute , " how come you called god , harold ? the little boy looked up and said , " that ' s what they call him in church . you know the prayer we say , " our father , who art in heaven , harold be thy name . " a fine is a tax for doing wrong . dye vex blessed is he who doesn ' t show hatefulness over what is lost , but instead , shows gratefulness over what is left . show a little bit of your anger everyday instead of showing a lot of it on one day . gasoline sheila some open minds should be closed for repairs . and the gentleman replied , " you ' re not the only one ma ' am , i ' m glad it ' s done too ! ! " handcuff decompile some open minds should be closed for repairs . the second is " don ' t tell everything you know . " rankin prom there are no hopeless situations - - only people who are hopeless about them . ( dinah shore ) somebody once figured out that we have 35 million laws trying to enforce 10 commandments . bombproof atypic blessed is he who doesn ' t show hatefulness over what is lost , but instead , shows gratefulness over what is left . common sense is genius dressed up in work clothes . ( ralph waldo emerson ) adroit compelled know god - know peace . smile ! it increases your face value . acapulco ix you may never get to it . . b ( est ) i ( nformation ) b ( efore ) l ( eaving ) e ( arth ) . miss idaho the squeaking wheel doesn ' t always get the grease . . sometimes it gets replaced . silver ' s law : if murphy ' s law can go wrong it will . almond chordal behind every successful man is his woman . be of use , but don ' t be used . blade hospice time heals nothing , it merely re - arranges our memory . ( gary numan ) coming together is a beginning , carven shrunk there are three secrets to success : " black pepper , or white pepper ? " asked the concierge . brest birch " my wife says that i don ' t listen better to remain silent and be thought a fool , than to speak and remove all doubt . ( abraham lincoln ) withstand adolphus there is a pill for every ill , two things are sure in life : there is a god , and you are not him . iliad stupefy a crumb from a winner ' s table is better than a feast from a loser ' s table ! some people grin and bear it . consanguineous bamberger combats depression , makes you beam note on a door : out to lunch ; if not back by five , out for dinner also . grate dominic treat your friends as you do your pictures , place them in their best light . nah i dont like it thank anyways  
2	Subject: here is a portable satellite radio - yours to keep pending participation  
2	Subject: fw : enrononline : india : orbit - e to piggyback on energy trading kevin mcconville ' s now taking some credit for enrononline : - ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : connelly , angela sent : wednesday , october 31 , 2001 7 : 19 am to : jafry , rahil subject : fw : enrononline : india : orbit - e to piggyback on energy trading - - - - - original message - - - - - from : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com @ enron sent : 31 october 2001 12 : 43 to : 182792 @ mailboy . enron . com subject : enrononline : india : orbit - e to piggyback on energy trading india : orbit - e to piggyback on energy trading n . n . sachitanand 10 / 25 / 2001 the hindu fin . times info ltd - asia africa intel wire . the hindu copyright ( c ) 2001 kasturi ( 2 ) merchant platforms for buying and selling energy to match assets to customer loads ; and ( 3 ) solution sites for serving wholesale customers . this boom in online energy trading has provided a golden opportunity for bangalore - based orbit - e , a consultancy start - up promoted last year by mr . rahul chawla , former ceo of the indian arm of cambridge technology partners . orbit - e was initially set up to provide consultancy and devising solutions for trading in financial securities . mr . chawla believed that the experience of orbit - e in working with dealers in financial securities could be leveraged to working with energy traders . to boost its standing in the energy trading area , orbit - e has taken on as a managing partner , mr . j . kevin mcconville , who was managing director of enron north america between 1998 and 2000 . enron , according to the forrester report , redefined online energy trading in 2000 , accounting for $ 336 million of the total $ 400 million value traded . by the end of the year , enron ' s marketmakers conducted 74 per cent of their trades through enrononline , rather than closing deals over the phone . orbit - e , which has now around 90 persons on board , secured its first round of venture funding from warburg pincus in october last year . pointing out that the financing came at a time when venture funds were fighting shy of the it industry , mr . chawla claimed that this was an indication of the sound prospects for the company due to the niche areas it had selected . at a time when toplines in this industry are contracting , orbit - e expects to cross a turnover of rs . 20 crores in the current year , up from rs . 8 crores last year . folder name : enrononline relevance score on scale of 100 : 81 to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511 or contact your local sales representative . ) copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved 
2	Subject: work distribution logistics has made the following changes : bob cotten - will handle the wellhead portfolio ( currently handled by tom acton ) tom acton - will handle gulf energy , entex , copano , sempra , and the rest of george grant ' s desk mark mccoy - will handle oasis activity , midcon , wgr , lonestar , trunkline jackie young - will handle exxon katy ( from susan ) sabrae zajac - anadarko , conoco , tejas , coral , corpus christi , dynegy , and imbalance reports thanks , pat 
2	Subject: lng var limit request form vince , please review the attached file . when you are ready , i will bring you the original for your signature . thanks , eric 
2	Subject: re : removal of unsecured limits and requesting security i will prepare a response and provide a draft for review . bill , i will talk to randy about posting and he can co - ordinate with you or tanya or jay . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , november 01 , 2001 8 : 38 pm to : bradford , william s . ; keohane , peter subject : re : removal of unsecured limits and requesting security i think so - respond rejecting his statements on ene and state we expect fair treatment with other bbb credits . meanwhile we ' ll send the margin - our guys should be able to minimize the position . louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bradford , william s . sent : thursday , november 01 , 2001 6 : 37 pm to : keohane , peter cc : kitchen , louise subject : fw : removal of unsecured limits and requesting security do we need to respond ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " kenny foo " @ enron sent : thursday , november 01 , 2001 5 : 36 pm to : otto , randy ; wbradfo @ ect . enron . com cc : ron manitowich ; gary gault subject : removal of unsecured limits and requesting security hi randy , bill . as per our discussion this afternoon randy , enron corp . ( enron ) has deteriorated further in the market place and the recent downgrade of enron by s & p to bbb , although not completely a surprise , is still disconcerting . i applaud enron ' s effort in obtaining additional bank lines to shore up liquidity but am disappointed that your pipeline assets had to be pledge in support of same . additionally , moody ' s and s & p have stated publicly that further downgrade is possible . i would like to remind you that ngx does not provide any unsecured lines to entities who are rated below bbb . as you well know , given ngx ' s size and the fact that ngx needs to keep the integrity of the exchange intact , we have no option but to inform you of the following . accordingly , please be advised that effective immediately enron canada corp ( ecc ) will no longer have any unsecured lines here at ngx ( reference attached contracting party ' s agreement , schedule c , para 3 . 0 . a ) . we respectfully request that ecc provide collateral ( preferably irrevocable letter of credit , else registered interest in cash ) by the close of business day monday , november 5 , 2001 ( reference contracting party ' s agreement , schedule c , para 8 . 1 ) . as i said , if some other counterparty was in the position you are in right now , you would expect us to do what it takes to keep the exchange safe / intact / whole at all times . please call if you have any questions . kenny foo credit and risk manager ngx financial inc 140 - 4 avenue sw , suite 2330 calgary , alberta , t 2 p 3 n 3 ph : ( 403 ) 974 - 1737 fx : ( 403 ) 974 - 1719 attachment : - cpa _ schedule c . pdf > 
2	Subject: merit increases norma , it seems that there is a bug in the system . i made an error mixing equity and merit raises in one column . the system does not allow me to correct the mistake by moving the entries from one column to another . i can enter the changes , but after i save them the system reverts to original designations . as a result , the columns contain mixed entries related to merit and equity raises . the column totals are misleading . i am taking a csv version home to continue making adjustments . i shall work at home monday ( 281 367 5377 ) . vince 
2	Subject: rates go up in november refinance before then , we specialise in all types of loans we can help you to - lower your monthly payment - consolidate your debt - get extra cash - buy a new home - rates as low as 3 . 9 % all you need to do is to fill in an application form and we will provide you with a free quote ciick here for a free quote  
2	Subject: c , | alis soft ` tabs , fast shipping ` viagra ' s newest and best rival cialls has been around for some time now it ' s available in softtabs save 70 % shipped world wide no prescription required more | nfo here re . move me  
2	Subject: great idea for you byrdshot mortgage rates are about to rise cash in now ! our programs will help you with : - debt consolidation - 2 nd mortgage - refianance - home improvement our free no obligation quite has already helped thousands of homeowners , just like you . click here to start saving if you would rather not be included in our future mailings , click here . 
2	Subject: re : doorstep expenses will be bringing this up at our meeting at 3 pm - - will keep you posted - - - - - original message - - - - - from : beck , sally sent : tuesday , march 20 , 2001 12 : 46 pm to : beth apollo / hou / ect @ enron subject : doorstep expenses fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sally beck / hou / ect on 03 / 20 / 2001 12 : 50 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : cassandra schultz / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 15 / 2001 08 : 43 am to : shawn kilchrist / na / enron @ enron cc : tod a lindholm / na / enron @ enron , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , david port / enron @ enronxgate , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , ted murphy / lon / ect @ ect subject : doorstep expenses per discussion with rac management , during the budget approval process rac ' s initial budget for doorstep was eliminated . consequently , we cannot accept any charges from eas for travel expenses . ted murphy indicated that rick causey stated at the inception of doorstep that doorstep costs should be charged to the business unit subject to the doorstep visit . if you have any other questions , give me a call . regards , cassandra . 
2	Subject: re : new rc for sally beck ' s southern cone risk management group rc 102757 has been set up on co . 0011 for the southern cone risk management group of employees reporting to scott mills within sally beck ' s global risk management organization . it will roll up under aczstaff . 0308 . please transfer the following people from rc 100012 to this new rc effective january 1 , 2000 : jana morse 458 - 15 - 4343 juana fayett 633 - 03 - 2671 christine garcia 451 - 81 - 1732 sarah j . smith 059 - 56 - 6541 if you have any questions , please call me . if you believe anyone else needs to receive this e - mail , please forward to the appropriate people . thanks . lisa cousino x 3 - 6343 
2	Subject: reply : dirty farerms getting filled by wild cum hi there and welcome to wonderful radio one it ' s seven thirty three in the morning and here ' s a golden oldie a great classic from arthur askey ! : ) ) weenn , lom tiib ' a  
2	Subject: take five : 50 % off up to 5 nights with wyndham dear traveler , what will it take to get you to slow down , take a break , and leave the rat race for a little while ? how about a deal that  ' s just too good to pass up ? well , here it is . right now when you book a stay at a wyndham hotel or resort on expedia . comc , you ' ll get 50 % off your next stay  - good for up to five nights ! * so now you  ' ll enjoy your vacation even more , knowing you have another one coming . and with this deal , you can  ' t afford not to take another vacation ! whether you ' re planning a vacation to the beach , the country , or the city , log on to expedia . com today and we ' ll help you - - along with our partner wyndham hotels and resorts - - plan the right trip . click here to book your stay with wyndham : http : / / redir . cqo . net / r / default . asp expedia . com travel team don ' t just travel . travel right .   t ps . here ' s a tip for you business travelers : turn your next business trip into a vacation . all you have to do is stay at least one night at any wyndham hotel or resort on your next business trip , and your next vacation could be 50 % off . and you thought you ' d never get excited over another business trip again ! * offer valid on bookings made on expedia . com between july 21 and august 31 , 2000 , for any wyndham hotels and resorts . stay must occur july 21 through october 9 , 2000 . award is for 50 % off a future stay at wyndham locations with check in between november 23 , 2000 , and april 22 , 2001 . 50 % off certificates will be mailed to the address on the credit card given at the time of the first booking . reservations for award redemption must be made between october 1 , 2000 through april 22 , 2001 . award valid for maximum of five consecutive nights . bookings made through expedia . com hotel price matcher   t are ineligible . each award valid for only one room during stay . award subject to availability and capacity controls . additional restrictions apply . for more details , go here : http : / / redir . cqo . net / r / default . asp about this mail : you are receiving this e - mail because you are a registered member of expedia . com . your expediac membership is free and your privacy and credit card security are guaranteed . if you do not wish to receive any further promotional e - mails from us , please reply to this mail with " unsubscribe " in the subject line . questions about your privacy ? read our privacy statement : http : / / redir . cqo . net / r / default . asp questions about your credit card security ? read our credit card guarantee statement : http : / / redir . cqo . net / r / default . asp if you have other questions , visit the expedia . com service center : http : / / redir . cqo . net / r / default . asp apologies , but we cannot reply to responses to this e - mail . if you have questions or want to give feedback , click here : http : / / redir . cqo . net / r / default . asp , 2000 expedia , inc . all rights reserved . expedia , expedia . com , and the expedia . com logo are either registered trademarks or trademarks of expedia inc . in the u . s . , canada and other countries . other products and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective owners . click here for expedia terms of use : http : / / redir . cqo . net / r / default . asp this email was sent to : dfarmer @ ect . enron . com - attl . htm 
2	Subject: registration materials for nfcf to : andres almazan don chew john freeman geoge gau vince kaminski bob marchesi john martin vojislav maksimovic laura starks art warga michael weisbach dear friends attached is some registration and logistical information relating to the upcoming corporate finance conference on may 4 - 5 in houston . if you have any questions , please don ' t hesitate to contact sheridan , bob or myself . the program is shaping up nicely , however one of us may draft to serve in some small , but helpful capacity . sheridan titman , 512 . 232 . 2787 , titman @ mail . utexas . edu , bob parrino at parrino @ mail . utexas . edu dave ikenberry , 713 . 348 . 5385 , daveike @ rice . edu as of today , the list of firms sending a representative include : pfizer pacificare cooper industries radioshack pepsi delphi automotive microsoft whirlpool enron johnson controls airgas sara lee dell conoco - particpate registation details . doc * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * prof . david ikenberry jones graduate school of management rice university 713 - 348 - 5385 
2	Subject: termination payments - ees energy outsource agreements vince , attached is a very brief white paper on the issue of termination payments for facility closures and sales . i would like to discuss this concept with you and some of your people in the coming days to establish whether this has merit and how we might proceed . my assistant , cheryl brashier , will set up some time with you . thanks . richard 
2	Subject: covenants - project miracle as individuals involved in the day - to - day oversight and management of ppep ' s cleburne facility , it ' s important that you are familiar with and follow the covenants set out under the purchase agreement signed with mesquite investors , llc ( an el paso affiliate ) on september 7 . those covenants are contained in section 5 . 4 of the purchase agreement , which is attached for your reference . the covenants are fairly self - explanatory . however , if you have any questions concerning their interpretation or implementation , please contact joe henry at ( 713 ) 345 - 1549 or me at ( 713 ) 853 - 6027 . thanks , rh 
2	Subject: good worrk how to save on aslant your medlcatlons over 60 % . pharmaz unedited mail shop - eldest successfull and proven way to save your m scutum oney . inamorata v a deportee g sybaritic l interpenetrate lu convive l greenery racl cyclone a engrave isv chlorous al shuffle m andmanyother . * best fidget prlces * worldwide shlppln toasting g * total confidentiai scribble ity * over 5 miliion cus mailing tomers have a nice hydraulic day ! 
2	Subject: you really can stop smoking now . don ' t stop ? - don ' t pay ! if you have tried to stop smoking and failed , this is your chance . you can really quit smoking in 2 weeks ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) the finalsmoke system was designed to help you conquer all aspects of your smoking habit . it ' s powerhouse proprietary all - herbal formula is the very backbone of the finalsmoke system . it removes your cravings to smoke and relieves the symptoms associated with nicotine withdrawal . in less than 14 days , you will be completely smoke - free , and on your way to healthy living . http : / / goodsvcs . com / qsl / index . html - - - to quit forever ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) read a few testimonials - i love your product ! ! ! i have smoked for 40 + years , and i quit cold turkey . basically , i took final smoke , and a couple of hours later tried to smoke a cigarette . but i was absolutely sick from it ! i now can keep up enjoy my grandchildren without coughing wheezing ! ! thank you ! ! ! - mary t . goddard , ks this system works ! ! ! i ' ve wanted to quit smoking for some time now , but the physical cravings always kept me back ; but with this system , my cravings were gone , and now so is my awful habit ! ! - kai e . clinton , ny http : / / goodsvcs . com / qsl / index . html - - - to quit forever ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) i was skeptical when i ordered your product . i was a smoker for 32 years and had tried everything . on april 17 th at 12 : 00 pm , i finished my last cigarette in my last pack . after taking the first 2 pills , i have not touched another cigarette . on march 15 , 1991 i turned 35 years old . 6 days later i had a severe heart attack . after in the hospital for 9 days i walked out and started smoking again . i sat with my dad for a year till he died of lung cancer in 1997 and i still smoked even as i watched him waste away . until i started fina lsmoke i felt that within 5 years i ' d be dead and gone . but now i feel alive again . more energy and even happier than i have been in years . and i owe it all to you and your great product . you have changed my life forever and for that i can never repay you . thank you . - ronnie davenport oklahoma city , ok exactly what i needed . . . this is a great system ! i knew cigarettes were packed with poisons but i didn ' t know just how many or what kind there were ! the final smoke capsules were the best . every time i lit up a cigarette , i threw it away before half of it was smoked , usually only 2 - 3 puffs . it made me feel sick and nauseous to smoke these poisons ! this is exactly what i needed to help me stop ! i ' ve been trying to quit for the past 7 years , i tried everything under the sun with no results . with final smoke i was smoke free in under a month ! - e . okamura , hawaii http : / / goodsvcs . com / qsl / index . html - - - to quit forever ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) ) want to be dropped from our list ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - infodele . com / nrmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107 bivalve sparkle crept katherine deoxyribonucleic storehouse eclipse . sanctify ashland diatomaceous story patriot puddingstone graduate . fluctuate moiseyev agrarian crosspoint irreproachable pus halpern . moron lightning junior curie hannah . adsorptive duopoly mcclellan fiducial hideaway helmut ypsilanti . continuum gigantic honeycomb ambuscade practise wattage spellbound . acquisition eben bronchiolar luzon brassy arousal usgs . bouquet derrick limousine storyteller woods allemand bator .  
2	Subject: money : $ 21362 dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 400 , 000 loan at a low fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , we ask you to visit our website and completethe post approval form . http : / / www . homefastcash . com / ? a  jeezy dollie rogersuq logan financial group - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 3 : immersion cabrera immortal knot buechnerwww . oprefi . net / book . php . . . not interested 
2	Subject: any med for your girl to be happy ! your girl is unsatisfied with your potency ? don ' t wait until she finds another men ! click here to choose from a great variety of llcensed love t @ bs ! best pri $ es , fast shippinq and quaranteed effect ! here you buy it right from warehouse ! the store is verified by bbb and approved by vlsa !  
2	Subject: 2000 chairman ' s award everyday heroes are all around us at enron , living our core values of respect , integrity , communication and excellence in everything they do . some of these heroes make a big splash while others just quietly make a difference in the workplace around them . either way , these special individuals deserve to be recognized with a nomination for the 2000 chairman ' s award . as there is more than just one employee living the values at enron , this award program will honor 10 employees as members of the chairman ' s roundtable . from that group , the one individual most embodying our values will be presented with the chairman ' s award at the management conference in san antonio in november . the beauty of this award program is that it is completely employee - driven from beginning to end . from your nominations , an international employee committee will select the chairman ' s roundtable and eventually , the chairman ' s award winner . your role of nominating our everyday heroes is extremely vital to the program ' s success . if someone has made a positive impression on you , please take the time to complete a nomination form and send it to charla reese by october 1 , 2000 . you may click here for a printable form : http : / / home . enron . com / announce / chairman _ nom / form 3 . doc for more information on the chairman ' s award , including details on last year ' s roundtable members and previous winners , repit suliyono and bobbye brown , please click here : http : / / home . enron . com / announce / chairman _ nom again , this is a very special award at enron and we sincerely thank you for your participation . ken , jeff and joe 
2	Subject: over 160 fda approved meds % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt over 160 meds to choose from with no prescription required never mind ! % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt  
2	Subject: tech - support @ service . juno . com : problems retrieving mail daren i guess i need help with this too ! love you - - - - - - - - - begin forwarded message - - - - - - - - - - from : tech - support @ service . juno . com to : subject : problems retrieving mail date : message - id : dear juno member , you have received messages with attachments which have not yet been downloaded to your computer . because the version of juno software you are currently using is not capable of handling attachments , these messages are still waiting for you on our server . these messages may fill your mailbox to its maximum capacity , preventing your account from receiving new mail . in order to receive the attachments , you will need to upgrade your juno software to version 4 . 0 . in addition to allowing you to retrieve all your messages , this new version carries many enhancements which you will find particularly useful when sending and receiving e - mail . if you have access to the world wide web , you can download the latest version of our software by visiting http : / / www . juno . com / upgrade . if you are unable to download from the web , you can order a new cd - rom from us by calling 800 - try - juno . please be aware that your messages with file attachments will be kept on juno ' s central computers until you download them . however , once your mailbox has reached the maximum size limit for attachments , we will be unable to accept new incoming mail for you . this may cause you to miss some of your e - mail , so we encourage you to install the latest version of the juno software . your e - mail messages will be downloaded to you on your first connection after your upgrade . thank you for using juno . we appreciate your continued support . best regards , technical support juno online services , inc . - - - - - - - - - end forwarded message - - - - - - - - - - you ' re paying too much for the internet ! juno now offers free internet access ! try it today - there ' s no risk ! for your free software , visit : http : / / dl . www . juno . com / get / tagj . 
2	Subject: fw : killing ena to ena deals in sitara - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pena , matt sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 3 : 39 pm to : krishnaswamy , jayant ; pinion , richard ; jaquet , tammy cc : severson , russ ; truong , dat ; aybar , luis ; ma , felicia subject : re : killing ena to ena deals in sitara thanks jay ! tammy / richard : you may want to let the schedulers know , although they may already . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : krishnaswamy , jayant sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 3 : 38 pm to : pinion , richard ; jaquet , tammy cc : severson , russ ; pena , matt ; truong , dat ; aybar , luis ; ma , felicia subject : killing ena to ena deals in sitara richars / tammy : we will be killing about 2000 deals in sitara tonight . whenever a deal is touched in sitara , it will bridge over to unify . these are desk 2 desk deals , and should have minimal impact on you . 
2	Subject: louise - you approved redmond hiring his current contract assistant on full time . we have made a verbal offer and brian would like to proceed w / a written offer . are you still ok with this hire ?  
2	Subject: missing bloomberg deals stephanie - i believe i ' ve found these trades . the first one already had bloomberg in as the broker along with the appropriate flat fee . the second deal did not have a broker or fee in it - those have been added . please let me know if you still don ' t see the trades . 639921 ( geir solberg ) - sell aep / 25 mw / sp - 15 / $ 105 - deal flows hours 14 through 18 , and broker fee reflects $ 15 flat times 4 trades - $ 60 640346 ( david porter ) - sell transalta / 50 mw / sp - 15 / $ 105 - deal flows for he 16 , and broker fee reflects $ 15 thanks , kate - - - - - original message - - - - - from : piwetz , stephanie sent : friday , june 08 , 2001 2 : 03 pm to : symes , kate subject : bloombergs hourly sell 25 sphl 5 at 105 . 0000 - aep service corp . kate , i believe there are 5 trades below , that i cannot find in system thanks stephanie piwetz / hou / ect on 06 / 08 / 2001 04 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " bloomberg powermatch " on 06 / 08 / 2001 10 : 47 : 03 am to : cc : subject : sell 25 sphl 5 at 105 . 0000 - aep service corp . sell 25 sphl 5 at 105 . 0000 - aep service corp . trade 10 refid 20010608440010 on 06 / 08 / 2001 buyer : aep service corp . ( aggr ) david baker phone 614 - 324 - 5027 seller : enron power marketing inc . ( west ) geir solberg phone 503 464 3808 delivery : physical power , cal iso spl 5 type : financ . firm , w / liquidated damages , caiso firm energy dates : 6 / 08 / 2001 through 6 / 08 / 2001 hours : 1400 - 1459 pacific prevailing time rate : 25 megawatts per hour rate 25 mwh at usd 105 / mwh , total 25 mwh commission fee : usd 15 . 00 ( flat ) buyer and seller acknowledge that all aspects and terms of this transaction were determined and agreed to solely by the buyer and the seller and compliance with the terms of this transaction is strictly their obligation . if any dispute occurs , or if buyer and seller fail to reach agreement on all of the terms of this transaction , buyer and seller agree to hold bloomberg powermatch llc , bloomberg l . p . and each of their affiliates and successors harmless from any and all liabilities that may result therefrom . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie piwetz / hou / ect on 06 / 08 / 2001 04 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " bloomberg powermatch " on 06 / 08 / 2001 10 : 47 : 06 am to : cc : subject : sell 25 sphl 6 at 105 . 0000 - aep service corp . sell 25 sphl 6 at 105 . 0000 - aep service corp . trade 12 refid 20010608440012 on 06 / 08 / 2001 buyer : aep service corp . ( aggr ) david baker phone 614 - 324 - 5027 seller : enron power marketing inc . ( west ) geir solberg phone 503 464 3808 delivery : physical power , cal iso spl 5 type : financ . firm , w / liquidated damages , caiso firm energy dates : 6 / 08 / 2001 through 6 / 08 / 2001 hours : 1500 - 1559 pacific prevailing time rate : 25 megawatts per hour rate 25 mwh at usd 105 / mwh , total 25 mwh commission fee : usd 15 . 00 ( flat ) buyer and seller acknowledge that all aspects and terms of this transaction were determined and agreed to solely by the buyer and the seller and compliance with the terms of this transaction is strictly their obligation . if any dispute occurs , or if buyer and seller fail to reach agreement on all of the terms of this transaction , buyer and seller agree to hold bloomberg powermatch llc , bloomberg l . p . and each of their affiliates and successors harmless from any and all liabilities that may result therefrom . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie piwetz / hou / ect on 06 / 08 / 2001 04 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " bloomberg powermatch " on 06 / 08 / 2001 10 : 47 : 04 am to : cc : subject : sell 25 sphl 8 at 105 . 0000 - aep service corp . sell 25 sphl 8 at 105 . 0000 - aep service corp . trade 11 refid 20010608440011 on 06 / 08 / 2001 buyer : aep service corp . ( aggr ) ron leshinski phone 614 - 324 - 5079 seller : enron power marketing inc . ( west ) geir solberg phone 503 464 3808 delivery : physical power , cal iso spl 5 type : financ . firm , w / liquidated damages , caiso firm energy dates : 6 / 08 / 2001 through 6 / 08 / 2001 hours : 1700 - 1759 pacific prevailing time rate : 25 megawatts per hour rate 25 mwh at usd 105 / mwh , total 25 mwh commission fee : usd 15 . 00 ( flat ) buyer and seller acknowledge that all aspects and terms of this transaction were determined and agreed to solely by the buyer and the seller and compliance with the terms of this transaction is strictly their obligation . if any dispute occurs , or if buyer and seller fail to reach agreement on all of the terms of this transaction , buyer and seller agree to hold bloomberg powermatch llc , bloomberg l . p . and each of their affiliates and successors harmless from any and all liabilities that may result therefrom . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie piwetz / hou / ect on 06 / 08 / 2001 04 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " bloomberg powermatch " on 06 / 08 / 2001 10 : 47 : 02 am to : cc : subject : sell 25 sphl 7 at 105 . 0000 - aep service corp . sell 25 sphl 7 at 105 . 0000 - aep service corp . trade 9 refid 20010608440009 on 06 / 08 / 2001 buyer : aep service corp . ( aggr ) ron leshinski phone 614 - 324 - 5079 seller : enron power marketing inc . ( west ) geir solberg phone 503 464 3808 delivery : physical power , cal iso spl 5 type : financ . firm , w / liquidated damages , caiso firm energy dates : 6 / 08 / 2001 through 6 / 08 / 2001 hours : 1600 - 1659 pacific prevailing time rate : 25 megawatts per hour rate 25 mwh at usd 105 / mwh , total 25 mwh commission fee : usd 15 . 00 ( flat ) buyer and seller acknowledge that all aspects and terms of this transaction were determined and agreed to solely by the buyer and the seller and compliance with the terms of this transaction is strictly their obligation . if any dispute occurs , or if buyer and seller fail to reach agreement on all of the terms of this transaction , buyer and seller agree to hold bloomberg powermatch llc , bloomberg l . p . and each of their affiliates and successors harmless from any and all liabilities that may result therefrom . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephanie piwetz / hou / ect on 06 / 08 / 2001 04 : 01 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " bloomberg powermatch " on 06 / 08 / 2001 01 : 14 : 46 pm to : cc : subject : sell 50 sphl 6 at 105 . 0000 - transalta energy marketing ( us ) sell 50 sphl 6 at 105 . 0000 - transalta energy marketing ( us ) trade 21 refid 20010608440021 on 06 / 08 / 2001 buyer : transalta energy marketing ( us ) inc . lana smith phone 403 - 267 - 6956 seller : enron power marketing inc . ( west ) ( aggr ) geir solberg phone 503 464 3808 delivery : physical power , cal iso spl 5 type : financ . firm , w / liquidated damages , caiso firm energy dates : 6 / 08 / 2001 through 6 / 08 / 2001 hours : 1500 - 1559 pacific prevailing time rate : 25 megawatts per hour rate 50 mwh at usd 105 / mwh , total 50 mwh commission fee : usd 15 . 00 ( flat ) buyer and seller acknowledge that all aspects and terms of this transaction were determined and agreed to solely by the buyer and the seller and compliance with the terms of this transaction is strictly their obligation . if any dispute occurs , or if buyer and seller fail to reach agreement on all of the terms of this transaction , buyer and seller agree to hold bloomberg powermatch llc , bloomberg l . p . and each of their affiliates and successors harmless from any and all liabilities that may result therefrom .  
2	Subject: looking for good it team ? we do software engineering ! looklng for a good lt team ? there can be many reasons for hiring a professional lt team . . . - lf you ' ve qot an active on - line business and you are dissatisfied with the quality of your currentsupport , its cost , or both . . . - if your business is expandinq and you ' re ionqinq for a professional support team . . . - lf you have specific software requirements and you ' d like to have your solutions customized , toqetherwith warranties and reiiable support . . . - if you have the perfect business idea and want to make it a reality . . . - if your project has stalled due to lack of additional resources . . . - if you need an independent team for benchmarking , optimization , quality assurance . . . if you ' re looking for a truly professional team , we are at your service ! just visit our website _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: hpl nom for january 24 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplnol 24 . xls ) - hplnol 24 . xls 
2	Subject: premium replica watches get the finest rolex watch replica ! we only sell premium watches . there ' s no battery in these replicas just like the real ones since they charge themselves as you move . the second hand moves just like the real ones , too . these original watches sell in stores for thousands of dollars . we sell them for much less . - replicated to the smallest detail - 98 % perfectly accurate markings - signature green sticker w / serial number on watch back - magnified quickset date - includes all proper markings visit us : http : / / www . mecei . com / rep / rolx / christmas discount this week only ! make your order before the prices go up . no thanks : http : / / www . mecei . com / z . php 
2	Subject: fw : center of the bible bammelyoungfamilies - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - listbot sponsor - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - start your own free email list at http : / / www . listbot . com / links / joinlb - - - - - original message - - - - - from : koscinski , chris j sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 2 : 31 pm to : pettit , james d ; pettit , jared l ; neely , chad a ; mccalister , mike subject : fw : center of the bible - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wayne sheppard [ mailto : wsheppard @ houston . rr . com ] sent : wednesday , april 18 , 2001 10 : 27 pm to : chris koscinski ; louis booth ; david schraudt ; catherine frank ; diane miller ; bell ( work ) ; mike schmulbach ; patricia escobar ; cheryl saiz ; paul fruia ; sheryl nolan ; julie rodriguez ; zack saiz ; jeff showers ; phil sparkman ; rey organo ; rod patricia hines ; jennifer hughey ; paula sheppard ; kim trent ; bob messer ; lori w ( work ) ; james and ethel nimene ; lisa hackett ; dennis ( home ) ; richard haines ; fred hackett ; johnna thompson ; suresh chainani ; alan woods ; jeremy goodell ; david lacey ; nicole thompson ; michael thompson ; joe karraker ; raymond and shirley budewig ; ed james david gulley ; kernie baker ; chad neely ; steve mittanck subject : fw : center of the bible - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gngherr to : ray rose schmidlkoffer ; luke powell ; charlotte powell ; tony and bunny marr ; james klement ; lori lee huchton ; laurie herr ; eve herr ; leanne hacker ; todd davis ; patty davis ; jean joe imogene dean sent : wednesday , april 18 , 2001 5 : 36 pm subject : fw : center of the bible - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tara webster to : webster @ flash . net ; cleere @ cooke . net ; mscott @ ngptrs . com ; basketballchickl 3 @ excite . com ; alico 7 @ aol . com ; anh 83 @ aol . com ; flowrgurl 5 @ aol . com ; summerfurler @ aol . com ; baylorchickol @ aol . com ; bugz @ airmail . net ; jo _ lee 2003 @ hotmail . com ; kfisham @ juno . com ; lch 516 @ juno . com ; snodgrl @ hotmail . com ; lhacker @ ntin . net ; lucym 2911 @ aol . com ; ryanv @ hesston . edu ; frog 2001 @ juno . com ; uwisho 2 @ hotmail . com ; vlightbulb @ aol . com ; welavo @ hotmail . com date : wednesday , april 18 , 2001 5 : 09 pm subject : center of the bible > > > > > > > i thought you would find this pretty intresting . maybe you have seen it > > before but i never had . > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > center of the bible > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > what is the shortest chapter in the bible ? > > ( answer - psalmsl 17 ) > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > what is the longest chapter in the bible ? > > ( answer - psalms 119 ) > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > which chapter is in the center of the bible ? > > ( answer psalms 118 ) > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > fact : there are 594 chapters before psalms 118 > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > fact : there are 594 chapters after psalms 118 > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > add these numbers up and you get 1188 > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > what is the center verse in the bible ? > > ( answer - psalms 118 : 8 ) > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > does this verse say something significant about > > god ' s perfect will for our lives ? the next time someone says they would > > like to find god ' s perfect will for their lives and that they want to be in > > the center of his will , just send them to the center of his word ! > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > psalms 118 : 8 ( nkjv ) > > " it is better to trust in the lord than to > > put confidence in man . " > > > > now isn ' t that odd how this worked out > > ( or was god in the center of it ) ? > > > > get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com > > to unsubscribe , write to - unsubscribe @ listbot . com 
2	Subject: re : equistar buybacks the only valid " buyback " ticket for meter # : 1373 is sitara ticket # : 246408 . s . ticket # : 156342 is an old ticket which was used to set up buyback ticket across equistar ' s meters { 1552 , 1384 , 1062 , 1553 } . if you recall this process was done to enable client services to automate equistar allocation / billing . the project took place around april 2000 production retroactive back to jan . 1999 . the link to compute the buyback is set up on s . ticket # 246408 . since equistar has begun doing business via ena , it was necessary to establish a " buyback ticket " on ena ' s matrix . thus , to answer your question , yes there should only be one " buyback ticket " for meter # : 1373 on hpl and ena . ena activity is kept whole and the swing is on hpl . i hope i have addressed all of your questions below however , i am available for follow up discussion if needed . it has been a pleasure working with you . i learned a lot about the business while scheduling industrials and thanks for the opportunity . daren j farmer 09 / 07 / 2000 08 : 32 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : equistar buybacks robert , there are three buy back tickets in sitara for equistar at mtr 1373 . two for hpl and one under ena . shouldn ' t we have only one buyback for each company ? also , how do you have the meter set up to allocate between the ena contract and hpl contract ? d 
2	Subject: cornshucker here are the points the gas is to be nomintated at for september by supplier : williams : el paso 15 , 000 lomax sterling 4 , 500 delhi cayanosa 5 , 500 apache ( by cynergy ) : delhi 6 , 000 lomax sterling 14 , 000 ( per nancy stivers ) she is to send me the nomination once complete . thanks , mark x 33396 
2	Subject: the investor ' s toolbox mcintyre , iogn - get in now - will explode by christmas - this stock is undiscovered stock gem get in iogn now ! huge news - istorage networks , inc . receives orders for its network storage products iogn issue will explode in next 2 - 3 days - big pr campaign underway watch out for it . jump on board on wednesday by friday . . stock expected to soar - read news at the end of this profile . it will explode ! ! speculative target price in 1 - 2 days : $ 0 . 37 - 0 . 39 speculative target price in 10 days : $ 0 . 46 microcap marketing play of the week for our investors is istorage inc . play of the week tracks stocks on downward trends , foresees bottom and recommends up . iogn is our next profile : iogn * * iogn * * iogn * * istorage inc . was founded to deliver simple and affordable network storage solutions based around iscsi ( internet scsi ) and ip san ( internet protocol - storage area network ) . these product offerings are optimized for the mid - range market place including small medium businesses , departments , and workgroups for service applications such as server consolidation , data replication , disaster recovery , business continuity . the key to istorage products is simplicity . easy to install . easy to manage . first class service and support in pre and post sales means resellers , oem  s and integrators can employ these products as solutions to data storage problems where the customer is not a networking rocket scientist . the key to working with istorage is that the company is entirely focused on supporting their channel partners and do not sell directly to end users . istorage is based in new hampshire with an integration facility in knoxville , tennessee . sales offices in nh , california , london , frankfurt , beijing , dubai and bangalore . . speculative target price in 1 - 2 days : $ 0 . 37 - 0 . 39 speculative target price in 10 days : $ 0 . 46 news gilford , n . h . , dec 20 , 2004 / prnewswire - firstcall via comtex / - - istorage networks , inc . ( pink sheets : iogn ) announced today that it has been issued purchase orders valued at $ 90 , 000 ( ninety thousand usd ) for its network storage products . about istorage networks : istorage networks , inc . develops and markets network storage solutions that are specifically designed for the small to medium business . computer activity has obviously grown over the last few years , especially driven by electronic mail ( e - mail ) . this demand is further propagated by digital photos , video files and new high image applications . federal requirements for audit trails , medical records and as well as security , add to this acceleration for the need of network storage capacity . istorage with its expertise and experience in the worldwide storage industry , coupled with its technology and channel partners , can deliver products that are simple to use and affordable to meet these needs . istorage products utilize a new and emerging technology called iscsi . iscsi , is an ip ( internet protocol ) based standard for linking data storage devices over a network and transferring the users data . from the storage side , iscsi uses the scsi command set , the core storage commands used throughout all storage configurations . on the networking side , iscsi uses ip and ethernet , which are the basis for most corporate networks . this revolutionary technology utilizes a standard disk drive interface and internet communications techniques , and provides an easy method for user ' s to manage data . the purchase orders have been issued through the company ' s international resellers for projects in the automotive manufacturing and petrochemical refinery industry . these orders are the result of our efforts to date in developing the worldwide sales channel for our product offerings , said roger kirkland , vp sales and marketing for istorage . he also added the company is well positioned to support the growing marketplace in the small to medium business sector . these orders are for immediate shipment speculative target price in 1 - 2 days : $ 0 . 37 - 0 . 39 speculative target price in 10 days : $ 0 . 46 read below before you invest : information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of iogn shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 21300 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms .  
2	Subject: immediate and long term beneflts cialis cialis is regarded as a super - viagr @ or weekend - vi @ gra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . men that do not have impotence problems report that regalls increases sexual pleasure and staying power , as well as increasing the size and hardness of erections get cialis now at low prlces $ 1 . 90 per dose . unbeleivable causate redundant equilibria btl nnw moth disc whither clinician anita snell blonde coriolanus improvisate albright simon wad rankin huron courtesan despite scuba intensive degumming holeable millet tycoon expand apocalyptic amherst lapse hilarious incomprehension dragging beatrice chock reticulum britain medico apex backboard mayor cranny francine crescent boyish dubious red fifo angst grownup pathogen worcester kern go here to stop this .  
2	Subject: you could need itt how to save on your m necropsy edlcations over 70 % . p strychnine harmshop - successfull and proven trisyllabic way to save your mone suppository y . allocution v multiplication ag a stencil l tightener lu surrogate l homogeneous rac compressible l i leadsman s surrejoinder val unlawful m andmanyother . bes boxcar t prlces . worldwi leviticus de shlpplng . easy order unmanageable form . total confidentiaiity cystic . 250 , 000 sati alluvium sfied customers . pelerine order today and save ! 
2	Subject: cheating house wife services the truth is these ladies just want to be able to meet guys and still keep their families . most of them are simply looking for new friends , part time lovers and one night stands . if you are looking for single women then you should try a different web site . not for you ?  
2	Subject: level 2 top market performers market watch news flash we are foliowing the strength of our | ast pick with a company that deserves your immediate attention . our | ast profile on jan 18 featured almi at . 44 . our estimate of 1 . 00 has been exceeded with its recent high of 1 . 07 . however , this is not the time to rest on our recent achievements . significant short term trading expiosion is being predicted in a unique and dynamic technoiogy company with a revoiutionary waste - to - energy process scoring major multi - biliion ( usd ) contracts woridwide . ground breaking news geec secures 5 - year , 10 biliion usdollar joint - venture in china expect huge move in geec immediateiy expanded news and contract updates to follow with record numbers for a breakout year company profiie : global environmental energy corp . otcbb - geec recent price range : 2 . 0 o - 2 . 19 target price in next 10 days : 2 . 45 target price in next 3 o days : 3 . 60 we are sending this investor bulietin revealing the most undervaiued issue on the otcbb to our mi | | ions of subscribers for substantial gains immediately . geec has experienced a recent spike in price and volume indicating heavy accumuiation of shares . this is a sign of even bigger things to come for this emerging world leader in the conversion of waste materials into electrica | energy , an industry with such high gioba | demand that it is impossibie to assign a value to the size of the market . geec is utilizing the unique proprietary technoiogy of their biosphere process system for the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at 5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the global waste probiem . this profitable and environmentaliy safe process converts into ciean , " green " electricity such waste materiais as municipa | solid waste , agricuitural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industria | wastes , sewage sludge , shale oil , sour natural gas , and the huge market of used tires . geec generates 5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of eiectricity from the waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then sold to repienish the | oca | or nationa | grid . the biosphere process succeeds in filiing an woridwide need for cost - effective renewabie energy sources and a corresponding universal need to soive critica | problems in the disposa | of waste . geec has secured internationa | acceptance for a revolutionary product designed to significantly impact the giobal waste probiem while a major push for generating eiectricity from aiternative sources continues to be the hot topic due to shortages and massive power faiiures . geec just announced a lo billion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese government - operated companies , including yanzhou coal mining ( nyse - yzc , 74 . oo ) . the dea | is structured to have 1 , 300 geec biosphere systems depioyed throughout china to fuifill an need for waste disposa | and energy generation , two critical areas for a country with a population exceeding 1 . 3 biilion people . as china ' s rapid economic advance continues , a shortfail of 500 miilion kiiowatts exists annualiy , prompting periodic biackouts in al | chinese provinces . geec is in line to profit substantiaily while providing relief from unmanageabie municpal soiid waste disposa | and simultaneously heiping china meet its energy needs . the chairman of geec , former prime minister of ireland dr . aibert reynoids , has secured a 2 billion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over a dozen countries through politica | contacts at the highest | eve | . dr . reynoids international stature has been instrumenta | in guiding geec into a position of worldwide acceptance by embracing a major foothold on the global waste probiem and the sweeping movement to generate eiectricity from aiternative sources . dr . reynoids , who has previously been nominated for a nobel peace prize , has surrounded himseif with a prestigious group of the world ' s foremost professors and scientists . their coilective achievements have garnered awards and medals whiie their writings have appeared in hundreds of articles , journals , and books . these beacons of the scientific community are the guiding forces leading geec into the next era of global waste remova | and the continuous generation of energy . the forecast for geec is crysta | clear , and this is just the tip of the iceberg for this emerging worldwide | eader where shares shouid be added immediately to every portfoiio . we expect a continuous fiow of huge news announcements while shares still represent an uncommon value for a company of this caiiber . look for the continuation of strong positive developments that wi | | ignite geec , which earns our highest rating for the most explosive gains on wal | street . market watch news fiash ( mwnf ) is not a registered investment expert or broker dealer . certain statements contained in this newsietter may be futurelooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , believe , may , wi | | , and intend or simiiar terms may identify these statements . past performance is not an indicator of future results . this is not an attempt to acquire or selisecurities . mwnf is an independent pubiication that was paid nineteen thousand do | | ars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are advised to seek proper guidance from a financial advisor or a registered financial broker . investors shouid use the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point for gathering additional information on the profiled company to aliow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 031 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: carnegie mellon team meeting greetings , carnegie mellon recruiting team ! each of you has been chosen to represent enron for our fall 2000 recruiting efforts at carnegie mellon university . as part of the team , you will be challenged with choosing the best candidates from carnegie mellon ' s graduate school to join our associate program . our first campus event will be on september 15 and interviews will be held on campus december 11 and 12 . i hope you are all able to participate in the exciting process of recruiting young talent . we will be more formally organising ourselves in the next couple of weeks . currently , we are planning to have a brief team meeting in order to make introductions , inform you about the associate program , and discuss the fall recruiting calendar . to that end , please contact me with any questions or comments you may have . the team meeting date is set for august 31 st at 10 am in room 19 c 2 . please rsvp to me as soon as possible . i look forward to meeting you all soon . sincerely , kristin gandy associate recruiter x 53214 
2	Subject: re : fw : enron / abb meeting i have a dinner with llodra & wood , i ' ll ask abler to go . 
2	Subject: cheap online drugs here emitter placeable winnie runaway seriatim need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here tepid delhi amuse mildew pare twombly vivacious whig  
2	Subject: new * ci ) alis softtabs , save 80 % discount drugs . . . save 80 % every order ! we are the number one online retailler for dozens of medications . our customers save 80 cents out of every dollar , every time , compared to the industry price . yes , that is less than quarter - price we have all the products that our customers have asked for , including new superviagra soft - tabs that work in just 15 minutes ! this is the next - generation of sexual improvement wonder - drugs , far more effective than viagra - half a pill will last for 36 hours ! get all the information on superviagra here : http : / / friggings . net / cs / ? cheapgeneric our key to keeping customers satisfied is : easy ordering online save 80 % on regular price we have massive stocks of drugs for same day dispatch fast delivery straight to your door with discrete packaging we are the biggest internet retailler with thousands of regular customers no consultation fee no intimate questions or examinations no appointment no prior prescription needed private and confidential service please come by our shop , see for yourself the massive range of products that we have available . we do have the lowest price and huge stocks ready for same - day dispatch . two million customers can ' t be wrong ! see our full range at http : / / friggings . net / ? cheapgeneric  
2	Subject: re : electricity summit at u . c . berkeley sevil , yes , please , go ahead . we shall pay for the trip . vince sevil yaman @ enron 10 / 24 / 2000 02 : 24 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : electricity summit at u . c . berkeley vince , i just received this message . what do you think ? should i register to attend it ? sevil , - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sevil yaman / corp / enron on 10 / 24 / 2000 02 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pwpens on 10 / 24 / 2000 12 : 16 : 14 pm to : ( recipient list suppressed ) cc : subject : electricity summit at u . c . berkeley register now to attend the electricity summit at u . c . berkeley , november 13 , 2000 u . c . berkeley ' s goldman school of public policy , with additional support from the u . c . berkeley ' s competition policy center and the u . c . energy institute , will host a meeting of industry representatives , policy makers , consumers representatives , legislators and researchers to discuss the electricity restructuring experience and potential solutions to the difficulties that california and other governments have encountered . the summit will run from 12 : 30 - 6 pm with two roundtable discussions that will include a wide variety of viewpoints . for registration information and further details , go to  
2	Subject: cable _ tv filter lets you get it all _ for _ nothing , iv : c 5 gqh 90702 iu : b 2 iro 50791 cable - tv viewers - http : / / www . shortwav . com ? refid  10010000876293700 & action  10 & eid  hh get your pay _ per _ view , mature _ channels , movie _ channels , and sporting events for nothing . not to worry , it ' s legal . check out the legal - page on our site . find out more - http : / / www . shortwav . com ? refid  10010000876293700 & action  10 & eid  hh not for you - http : / / www . shortwav . com ? unsub  10010000876293700 & action  10 & eid  hh prose mckinney enzyme clamber arithmetic cornfield guest bestowal state digress arrear twice bane  
2	Subject: gas fundamentals website update - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by laura harder / corp / enron on 11 / 28 / 2000 08 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : amanda huble 11 / 28 / 2000 08 : 46 am to : becky young / na / enron @ enron , laura harder / corp / enron @ enron , jessica presas / corp / enron @ enron , ina rangel / hou / ect @ ect , airam arteaga / hou / ect @ ect , kimberly brown / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : gas fundamentals website update please forward to your groups ! thank you , amanda huble - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by amanda huble / na / enron on 11 / 28 / 2000 08 : 42 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - david dronet 11 / 28 / 2000 08 : 41 am to : amanda huble / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : gas fundamentals website update morning , as some of you may have noticed we have added security to the gas fundamentals website . if you encounter this screen when accessing http : / / gasfundy . corp . enron . com simply login with your windows domain name and password . this is the same account you would use to logon to your pc . if you do not wish to be prompted with this information again , check the " save this password in your password list " option and you will not encounter this pop up when accessing the website . thank you , david dronet xt 53482 
2	Subject: forget mail blockers . . . cllck the stop sign to stop spam once and for all ! eliminates porn too ! r 3 move me - -      _ 1098452203470  _ content - type : text / html ; charset  us - ascii ! doctype html public - / / w 3 c / / dtd html 4 . 0 transitional / / en htmlhead meta http - equiv  content - type content  text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 meta content  mshtml 6 . 00 . 2900 . 2523 name  generator / head body style  font - family : arial text  # 000000 bgcolor  # ffffff div align  centera href  http : / / directnow . biz / mbfimg alt  hspace  0 src  cid : 200410220936420114 . 2571 b 84674 c 2 align  baseline border  0 / a / div align  centernbsp ; / div div align  centerfont face  arial size  5 strongcllck the stop sign to stop spam once and for all ! / strong / font / div div align  centerfont face  arial size  2 / fontnbsp ; / div div align  centerfont face  arial size  5 strongeliminates porn too ! / strong / font / div div align  centerstrongfont size  5 / font / strongnbsp ; / div div align  lefta href  http : / / directnow . biz / mbfr . htmfont size  2 r 3 move me / font / a / div div align  leftnbsp ; / div div align  leftnbsp ; / div div align  left hr / divimg alt  hspace  0 src  cid : 200410220936420114 . 2571 b 84675 c 5 align  baseline border  0 / body / html - -      _ 1098452203470  _ - -  
2	Subject: tamsa proposal i met yesterday with guillermo vogel , ceo of tamsa . ( 110 mw ) . he was interested in receiving a proposal from enron , based on an import of power scheme . he offered me to give us a quick response , on whether they are seriously interested . he will be out of the country for two weeks , and told me he will be ready to review our deal then . the steps are as follows : 1 ) mr gustavo rosas ( from their veracruz site ) will provide all the information we require . he called me today , and is preparing the information . ( mr rosas phone no . 2989 - 1100 x 4006 ) 2 ) marc should call mr rosas next monday 9 , confirm all the information that i requested , and schedule a visit to veracruz next week , since mr rosas wants to meet us there . 3 ) prepare a proposal with 10 and 15 years prices , that we should deliver in two weeks time . so far , it looks promising . regards , jaime _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject:  get new clalls softtabs for rockhard lnstant erectlons simply place half a plll under your tongue 5 min before action , for results that last all day . rrp retail is $ 19 / plll order from us today at the price of $ 3 . 50 not thank you ( abort )  
2	Subject: fw : tw marketing data move - tomorrow at 5 : 00 p the following folders have been moved to \ \ gthou - dvol \ common \ twmarketing . \ \ gthou - dvol \ common \ marketing \ tw _ nng \ tw desk \ \ gthou - dvol \ common \ marketing \ tw _ nng \ tw ios posting \ \ gthou - dvol \ common \ marketing \ tw _ nng \ tw longterm \ \ gthou - dvol \ common \ marketing \ tw _ nng \ restore tw desk 020102 \ \ gthou - dvol \ common \ marketing \ tw _ flow \ \ gthou - dvol \ common \ marketing \ twfin \ \ gthou - dvol \ common \ marketing \ twhub if you have any questions or concerns , please contact me at 713 - 853 - 7707 ( office ) or 877 - 678 - 3092 ( pager ) . thanks , glenda wagner ets information risk management ( houston ) 
2	Subject: publishable research . . . . . . vince : the enclosed is from another of the people in the audience of my kao presentation . i talked to him , and he seemed slightly flaky . however , any research he does would be free . he ' s looking for direction . i doubt we would want to waste our time and effort on him , but i thought i should send this to you on the off chance that you might have a need for such a guy . ( maybe doing some research for trish ? ) grant . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2000 05 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - steve j on 04 / 22 / 2000 10 : 02 : 11 pm to : grant masson cc : subject : publishable research . . . . . . hi grant , thanks for writing . i have attached my resume and transcripts for your perusal . as you can see , my background is not finance . i became interested in finance via trading the markets . so my research interests initially revolved around the central concept of trading . . . . pricing , technical type thinking , insider transactions , volume , and such . but with exposure , my interests have grown and i have discovered that i really enjoy economics . also there are many issues in finance that sound interesting as i am exposed to them . the point is , i am too early in my career to set strict limits on my interests . my goals are to get introduced to research and to new ideas , to associate with good people , and to work on strengthening my weaknesses . i am interested in starting to build a network within the field of finance and especially quantitative finance . ultimately , i have to prepare myself for independent research in order to succeed in my field . this brings me to my final point . publications are important for me . thus i would want to work on topics that enron would be willing to publish . i would be willing to work on proprietary models , as long as there was a portion of the research that could be written up for publication without jeapordizing the proprietary aspects of the model . just to let you know . i was not in dr . kao ' s energy class . i took his stochastic processes class . dr . kao just mentioned your talk to me as he thought i might be interested in meeting you and learning more about what is being done at enron . thanks again . if you need any more info or want anything clarified , just write me . steve - - - grant masson wrote : > > > steve : > > send me your resume and research interests , and i will > circulate them . > > regards , > grant . > > >      i believe in a free internet ! ! ! more importantly , i believe in a safe , secure and private internet ! ! do you yahoo ! ? send online invitations with yahoo ! invites . http : / / invites . yahoo . com - r _ t 2 . 1 . doc 
2	Subject: new albany - regulatory approvals louise , don mentioned that you were interested in the likelihood of obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals on the sale to duke . according to andrews & kurth , it is about 99 % likely that we will ultimately receive the necessary hart - scott - rodino approval from the doj / ftc . it is possible , but not likely , that we will receive follow up questions and even a second request but we should be able to answer any such questions to the regulators ' satisfaction . a & k also cautioned that this 99 % figure was a based on a quick analysis . with respect to the required approval from the ferc , i was sure to speak to sam behrends of leboeuf , lamb , greene and macrae ( he worked on both of the other peaker sales ) prior to finalizing the psa about the likelihood of getting ferc approval . he indicated that he thought it would be a " slam dunk " but i did not ask him to assign a numerical percentage figure to that . i have a second call into him in order to get that number , but have not been able to reach him . i will let you know asap . please let me know if you need anything further . stuart 
2	Subject: re : request submitted : access request for jennifer . n . stewart @ enron . com i don ' t know her or anything about it . i sent her an email asking what she needs . - - stinson vince j kaminski 01 / 11 / 2001 08 : 22 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : request submitted : access request for jennifer . n . stewart @ enron . com stinson , do you know anything about it ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 11 / 2001 08 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - arsystem on 01 / 10 / 2001 08 : 59 : 24 am to : " vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com " cc : subject : request submitted : access request for jennifer . n . stewart @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000013085 approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com request create date : 1 / 10 / 01 8 : 59 : 14 am requested for : jennifer . n . stewart @ enron . com resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: re : investments meeting agenda does ecr realize the negatives coming in megs . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , june 21 , 2001 4 : 55 pm to : garland , kevin cc : lavorato , john ; colwell , wes ; miller , michael l . subject : re : investments meeting agenda i had a meeting this morning with dick to go through the assets following a discussions with the enron americas team . enron americas will be keeping the following assets : bridgeline - mrha lrc ( enron i cavern - to bridgeline ) - mrha megs - this asset has been transferred to ecr within enron americas onondaga - to be retained by ben jacoby this solves one of the issues below . louise from : kevin garland / enron @ enronxgate on 06 / 21 / 2001 03 : 54 pm to : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , wes colwell / enron @ enronxgate , michael l miller / enron @ enronxgate cc : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect subject : investments meeting agenda john , wes and michael , the purpose of tomorrow ' s meeting is to discuss a few of the investments that we are planning on transferring to the new investment group . the specific issues are as follows : ? encorp - the value of this investment was written up from $ 3 million to $ 9 . 85 million in q 4 2000 without justification . it should be written back down at the end of this quarter . otherwise , we are going to have a bigger problem later . ? dais analytic - same issue as above . investment was written up from $ 8 million to $ 20 million . it should be written back down this quarter . ? amps - this is a problem . this company is going to continue to need capital ( an additional $ 7 million immediately ) well beyond what enron should be funding . i am not willing to provide this company with ongoing funding without significant further evaluation . if it is that important to the strategic effort of ena , then i recommend that ena continue to manage the company and provide financing . ? bridgeline - after further evaluation , it is clear that this is not a merchant investment and should not be moved to my group . i spoke with jeff donahue , and we both agree that if you want it sold , then his team should be the right one to do it . ? copel - this one is fuzzy , but jeff donahue and i have agreed that one of us should take responsibility for exiting this investment . we still need to figure this one out . kg 
2	Subject: interview with the enron research group hello mr . kudin : vince kaminski has asked me to schedule interviews for you with some of the research group . however , tuesday , the 8 th is not a good day for everyone as we will need approximately 3 hours . could you do it thursday afternoon may 10 th ? we could start at 1 : 00 pm and be through by 4 : 00 pm . the interviewers would be : vince kaminski managing director stinson gibner vice president krishna krishnarao vice president tanya tamarchenko director zimin lu director alex huang director please let me know if this will work for you . if so , i will need you to forward me a copy of your resume . regards , shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research group 713 - 853 - 5290 email : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : july spot tickets vance , the following deals have been created and entered in sitara . bob vance l taylor 06 / 27 / 2000 11 : 24 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , heidi withers / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect subject : july spot tickets bob , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producers listed below for the production month of july . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and deal tickets should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price sitara # whiting petroleum corp 6523 200 mmbtu / d 91 % if / hsc 314390 engage energy us , lp 5923 657 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 24 314399 engage energy us , lp 5848 117 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 24 314408 swift energy 2630 21 mmbtu / d 90 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 258 314414 additionally , this are producer svcs . deals and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: we deliver medication worldwide ! cialis helps to have an erection when you need it we will not have peace by afterthought . stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing . this is the ultimate . you have to be deviant if you ' re going to do anything new . 
2	Subject: confirmation congratulations ! paypal has successfully charged $ 175 to your credit card . your order tracking number is a 866 deco , and your item will be shipped within three business days . to see details please click this link . do not reply to this message via email ! this email is being sent by an automated message system and the reply will not be received . thank you for using paypal .  
2	Subject: contact info i will be in one of these two places - - my home : 011 91 80 3312635 my in - laws ' home : 011 91 80 5262719 you can also contact me by email at vshanbh @ yahoo . com , but it is better to call since i do not have easy access to a computer , and there may be a delay with reading email . vasant 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? i can offer you the ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? superfine choice co ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? mputer programs ?  i can extend you the optimum select soft with lowest workable price . we transmit by worldwide airpost for free . inspect my company website for news .  
2	Subject: is it always that much ? spur - m formula increase sperm production 500 % shoot five times your load and have longer more satisfying orgasms . complete satisfaction fully guaranteed by the industry leader - it is a money - back guarantee that has never been needed by any of our our million customers ! this is what the world ' s top porn stars use for their huge effects ! http : / / pockmarked . com / spur / ? aa  
2	Subject: stop s + p + a + m in its tracks demodulate hello , this program worked for me . if you hate s _ pa _ m like i do , you o w e it to your self to try this pro - gram , and forward this email to all of your friends which also hate s + p + a + m or as many people possible . together lets help clear the internet of s + p + a + m ! stop s _ p * a _ m in its tracks ! do you get junk , scams and worse in your inbox every day ? are you sick of spending valuable time removing the trash ? is your child receiving inappropriate a _ d _ u _ l _ t material ? if so you should know that no other solution works better then our software to return control of your email back where it belongs ! imagine being able to read your important email without looking through all that s * p * a * m . . . click below to vist our website : http : / / www . stopallthatspam . comr . e - m _ o ^ v * e m , estorm carload  
2	Subject: levltrra , \ / aluum , \ / llgra , caalls , loraazepam , ambllen , alprazzolam , xana , merldlla , tramadool young considered sun is easy fill mentioned person bread sandwich length short went , fail miss social disappoint miserable winter . remember besides calling inside surprise pleasant turn raised appearance short ! hard to buy medsall countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from disappointyour clicck here to order sun thus am knew tears love free difficult , blue opened hearing husband advantage rose strange modern pay force . pretty surely board benefit pronunciation teach disappoint laughter ? reading situation ran ten . reached window studying argue number pleasant " lips yours end garden wrong action out happened likely happened , miles blue fail describe modern reference companion occasion repeated . occasion why social meaning situation spoke bear meaning " light hopes length enemy stopping not , god learned desire describe letter love thee motor scene .  
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for november 14 , 2000 teco tap 87 . 500 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 7 . 500 / enron 
2	Subject: industry giants can ' t match this opportunity another ground breaking news alert from rlyc . the potential stored - value debit card market in the united states alone is approximately 150 million people , of which only about 12 million now maintain active stored - value debit card accounts . one company is quickly entering a $ 2 trillion market space with a proposed portfolio of product and service offerings that even the largest multi - national corporations in its industry may have a hard time matching . in just a few months , this company has begun adding and developing innovative new products and targeting acquisitions that could help it reach millions of new long - term customers that could generate tremendous re - occurring revenues for many years to come . although you have probably never heard of this company , you may soon hear of it even if you don ' t continue reading this message . that ' s because it is making a major push to put its products in the hands of a half million people in the u . s . within the next year . an upstart company to make a real impact in a two trillion dollar industry in reality , this company ' s lack of early recognition could be a major plus for you . since the overwhelming majority of investors and institutions don ' t know this company or what they plan to accomplish , their stock is trading at rock bottom prices . but , if they do accomplish even a small part of what they have set out to do over the coming months and years , this company could become a significant player in its trillion dollar industry and its stock reflect its accomplishments . the company that we ' ll introduce you to today is ( relay capital corp . pink sheets : rlyc ) . rlyc , which recently went public , is a multi - faceted financial services company that focuses primarily on the stored value card market . rlyc ' s present product and service offerings include pre - paid stored - value cards , reward cards , employee payroll cards , gift , retail and affinity group cards , travel cards and funds transfer cards . these services are aimed at a significant market both domestically and internationally . just because a company is in a large and growing industry doesn ' t necessarily ensure that it will be a winner . in order to be successful , that company also needs to be truly innovative , have very strong partners , be able to reach vast customer bases and have a management team capable of putting it all together and turning its goals into reality . rlyc appears to be that company . below we ' ll discuss this substantial potential market rlyc is after and what sets rlyc apart from the competition . the potential stored - value debit card market in the united states alone is approximately 150 million people , of which only about 12 million now maintain active stored - value debit card accounts . stored - value cards have the potential to help the 50 million adults and their families who have been excluded from the e - commerce revolution because they do not have access to credit or banking facilities . the implications reverberate across industry segments . estimates suggest stored - value transactions could exceed $ 2 trillion in just a few years . rlyc ' s focus is on providing stored - value cards to the un - banked and under - banked . these terms refer to consumers that that do not have a bank account , debit card . the size of that group is staggering that ' s about one - third of the nation ' s work force ! rlyc capitalizes on the dilemma these consumers face by providing stored - value card programs that make it easy , fast and secure for people and businesses to buy all manners of goods and services using stored - value cards as well as for the un - banked and under - banked to be paid their salaries via the same cards . but that ' s not all . the benefits relay will offer on its stored value cards as well as other financial services will also be of great benefit to those who already have banking relationships . in this segment , relay plans to offer more services with greater convenience for less cost to the consumer . who wouldn ' t want that ? the payroll market is another enormous market for rlyc for the under - and un - banked , collecting their pay , cashing payroll checks and then paying bills with those funds can be extremely complicated and time consuming . rlyc ' s stored - value pay transfer card program presents a very effective and innovative solution for this problem . rlyc ' s pay transfer card program can lower costs to employers to process payroll for the banked and the un - banked alike ! lower costs to cardholders to potentially transfer cash between u . s . cards , cards in foreign countries , and services bought through the cards , improved employee retention , improved customer retention will all be available thanks to rlyc . various programs will make life much easier for cardholders using the system , while also providing the convenience and flexibility of either visa or mastercard purchasing power or 24 hour access to their money through atms . rlyc signs loi with national staffing company to use its pay transfer cards earlier this year , rlyc signed a binding letter of intent to provide a pay transfer card program for asgard global resources llc ( click to go to their site ) , a leader in providing technical , craft and administrative staffing services to businesses , industry and government through locations in houston , dallas , long island , orlando , phoenix and southern california all areas with huge un - and under - banked populations . the potential market for this service is really big . it includes large employers , companies that process payroll and financial institutions that provide banking and payroll services to commercial customers . this system will simplify payments to widely dispersed employees and contractors while dramatically decreasing payroll distribution by offering a cost effective alternative to printing , cutting , and mailing paper payroll checks . it also helps to reduce a great deal of paper processing of checks and pay , eliminate lost checks , stop payments and minimize fraud . but best of all , this should help to significantly boost rlyc ' s revenues . $ 150 billion sent worldwide by relatives to home countries mexicans in u . s . send $ 16 . 3 billion a year back to mexico with $ 150 billion being transferred internationally each year , remittances are a really big business . in times past , people wanting to send money to relatives back in their home countries had few choices . many times their only choice was an expensive proposition like western union . more recently , more and more people have resorted to purchasing and mailing money orders in order to try to cut down on the cost of sending remittances . the problems with traditional money transfer methods with wire services , there are any number of inherent problems when trying to send money to relatives overseas . first , wiring funds across borders can be expensive . this can make it very cost - prohibitive to send smaller amounts of cash and often means that relatives must wait longer to receive their remittances because the sender has to save up until the amount is large enough to warrant the cost associated with the wire service . next there is the problem of logistics . both the sender and the recipient must be able to easily reach a storefront that offers the same wire company ' s services . even if they both are able to do this , the recipient may have to make multiple trips to the wire service office to check to see if their funds have cleared yet and can be released to them . lastly , the sender and the recipient are subjected to varying service fees depending on which wire service they choose . these fees can be very high and can significantly cut into the amount of money the recipient ultimately receives . so , even though using a wire service may be a fairly fast way to transfer money , it can be very expensive and logistically difficult to use . with money orders there is always the problem of mail service . although in america we have grown accustomed to relatively quick and reliable mail service , this is not always the case in foreign countries . this is especially true in underdeveloped nations , where most remittances are sent . a letter containing a remittance that a family is depending on to provide much needed food and shelter could take many days or even weeks to arrive . and , there is always the chance that it will never arrive at its destination at all , meaning that the sender ' s family could go hungry or end up on the streets . what is the best way to send remittances ? by far the most convenient , fast , safe and ultimately cost efficient method to send remittances is through a stored - value card . with this type of service , a person can easily activate a card and then just deposit funds into the account ( onto the card ) via loading station , telephone or the internet for easy use by relatives in his or her home country . the process is extremely easy and cost - effective . funds can be added to the card ' s account at an ever increasing number of convenient locations . the family member overseas can then draw down on those funds by presenting a card from that account to make purchases or they can use the card to withdraw cash from atms . it could not be any simpler . rlyc has already begun filling orders in june of this year , rlyc announced that it had received its first order for 2 , 000 pin - based stored value cards . the company stated that its growth estimates call for approximately 2 , 000 new stored - value cards being put into circulation each month . this could result in exponential revenue growth as new customers are added and its customers take advantage of its other financial services . moreover , though other programs it is working on , it could have one half million cards in the market within the next 18 months . rlyc plans to expand its services through partner companies and one - stop financial centers rlyc expects to fuel exponential growth of recurring revenue from individual card usage , monthly fees , as well as other activities occurring at its loading centers or the virtual financial centers it is planning . loading centers are retail locations , such as convenience stores , check cashing facilities or other types of retail facilities serving to dispense or receive cash facilitating transactions for the debit card consumer . rlyc has already established strategic relationships with leading card processors , vendors and distributors , and is in program development with key partners that may bring over 100 , 000 retail locations and a host of great opportunities to dramatically increase its brand recognition . rlyc plans a host of new financial products and service offerings some of the products and services rlyc plans to be launching in the coming months include commercial , auto and sba loans , mortgages , all types of affinity group ( loyalty / rewards ) cards , pharmacy discount cards , certificates of deposit ( cd ' s ) , health savings accounts and health and life insurance . rylc is expanding extremely rapidly and at this pace , should gain a whole lot of exposure to the investment community f - a - s - t ! ! ! rlyc plans to grow through joint ventures and acquisitions through a well - planned strategy to partner with major players in the financial services industry and through key acquisitions of complimentary companies , rlyc plans to fuel its growth . it has begun identifying and will negotiate business joint ventures , acquisitions and partnerships within the stored value card industry . rlyc is positioned to offer expanded payroll products as well as define a niche market for its private label stored value solutions . with corporate network ' s assistance , it expects to add new and expansive products linked to its card platform and provide its customers with a growing range of superior products and increased customer loyalty . rlyc plans to enter the emerging high growth health savings account ( hsa ) market rlyc has entered into an agreement in principle with mydaily corp . , an employee benefit and financial services company , to provide health saving account ( hsa ) stored value debit cards that will enable employees to easily pay routine medical bills with pre - tax dollars . health savings accounts ( hsa ) are tax - sheltered savings accounts similar to an ira , but earmarked for medical expenses and are part of a high deductible insurance plan . deposits are 100 % tax - deductible for the self - employed and for employees of companies that offer an hsa . this could be an enormous new market for rlyc it is estimated that all millions of non - elderly americans will soon have access to a health savings account , creating a market of unprecedented potential . in fact , due to the rising costs of employer - sponsored health plans , it is also estimated that one in every two major employers in the united states is considering consumer directed health plans and hsa for their employees . experienced stored value card and financial services industry executive named ceo of relay capital corp . e . reese bogle iii , experienced financial services and stored value card industry executive , has been named relay ' s . most recently he was one of the founders , and served as executive vice president and chief operating officer of interstate net bank ( www . isnbank . com ) , establishing it as a visa principal member . prior to this , mr . bogle , was vp of e * trade bank ' s corporate development and strategic alliances group and president of telebanc insurance services , inc . he also served as vp and marketing director of premium bank , and held a variety of managerial and marketing positions at leading financial services companies . relay will be adding real depth experience to its management team the next step is to bring a well qualified management team to relay capital said mr . bogle . once the team is onboard , we intend to build relay capital into a diversified financial services provider that , in addition to looking for exponential growth of recurring revenue generated from individual stored card usage , as well as other financial service activities occurring at our card loading centers or its virtual financial centers , we potentially plan to provide : commercial loans , auto loans , sba loans , mortgages , certificates of deposit ( cd ' s ) , health benefits ( dental , vision ) , life insurance benefits , pharmacy drug discounts , loyalty and reward programs , and shopping discount programs . with innovative products and services targeted to trillion dollar market ; a host of powerful partners ; key acquisitions in the works ; orders already coming in ; and a top - notch management team to bring it all together , rlyc seems to be headed for sunny skies . this company will not remain below the radar screens of wall street ' s mover shakers or even the average investor for much longer . . . if you are on the lookout for companies that have what it takes to experience rapid growth , but are still trading at rock bottom prices , you should call your financial advisor today about relay capital corp . ( rlyc . pk ) . e - mail first name last name phone number this program is expected to be huge and could make a tremendous amount of money for rlyc ! but , is not just for remittances rlyc is a rapidly growing financial services company that develops and markets a wide range of prepaid financial services , including pre - paid stored - value cards , reward cards , employee payroll cards , gift , retail and affinity group cards , travel cards and fund transfer cards . it encompasses both the marketing and distribution of pre - paid and pay - transfer cards in concert with the development of loading centers . loading centers are retail locations , such as convenience stores , check cashing facilities or other types of retail facilities serving to dispense or receive cash facilitating transactions for the stored - value card consumer . rlyc offers great stored - value solution and the potential to make millions ! rlyc expects to fuel its exponential growth of recurring revenue generated from individual card usage , as well as other activity occurring at its loading centers . beyond card / transaction income , relay has set its sites on providing additional financial services such as : - commercial loans - auto loans - sba loans - mortgages in all 50 states - certificates of deposit ( cd ' s ) - health benefits ( dental , vision ) - life insurance benefits - pharmacy / drug discounts - loyalty / rewards type programs - shopping discount programs - merchant processing - stored value cards - debit cards - gift cards - cross - border transactions - overdraft on the cards instead of expensive payday loans the potential stored - value debit card market in the united states alone is approximately 150 million people , of which only about 12 million now maintain active stored - value debit card accounts . rlyc already has powerful partners technology alliance group ( tag ) since 1994 , the world class data center operation , now known as tag , has supported " mission critical " applications for companies of all sizes and in all lines of business on a worldwide basis , including several fortune 500 companies . the core product suites supported by tag have included mainframe outsourcing , internet hosting solutions and a wide variety of disaster backup and recovery alternatives . as with all its client relationships , tag brings to relay capital a highly securetechnology infrastructure to support its corporate web presence , email , interactive voice response ( ivr ) system and support of all future financial service offerings . with over 10 years of experience supporting the financial industry alone , including nearly 50 u . s . banks and others worldwide , tag offers a tremendous knowledge base in the financial marketplace . cabbage solutions the principles of cabbage bring an accumulated 50 + years of experience in the financial industry . credentials include 12 years with the federal reserve system , vendor experience in all types of software and hardware solutions , as well as a variety of gift card , stored value card and debit card programs . in addition to its vast industry knowledge , cabbage also brings a vital component known as internet and data security . in today ' s world it is becoming widely agreed upon that a company ' s most valuable asset is it ' s data . once again , the principles of cabbage bring credentials including having been the president of the arizona fbi ' s cyber terrorism group known as infragard . access to several worldwide terrorist alert systems also keeps cabbage in a proactive position to protect its clients from newly released threats to the public internet . great business strategy : relay capital corp . is getting attention because rlyc has the right technology , at the right time , in the right markets . rlyc has a strong management team , world - class partners , and great new products that are ideal for multiple markets . strong management team : the new ceo of relay capital corp . is e . reese bogle iii , who is best known for having co - founded and served as an officer of interstate net bank ( www . isnbank . com ) . mr . bogle is building the management team with experienced executives who are known and respected in the financial services industry . world - class strategic partners : rlyc ' s strategic partner for transaction processing is an industry leader . rlyc ' s business operations are ready for expansion in response to growing demand for relay capital ' s stored - value cards . rlyc is also exploring opportunities to partner with some of the leading brands in consumer goods . innovative stored - value products : relay capital ' s stored - value cards are helping families , businesses , and communities to go about their daily lives in a better way , using rlyc stored - value cards for transferring money , banking , and adding many new benefits to participation . rlyc has the right managers strategic partners for multi - million - dollar revenues and industry leadership . for more information , click here company : relay capital corp . otc - pink sheet : rlyc industries : financial services , retailing , health care product : prepaid mc / visa cards and other financial services to join market movers mailings click here to find out more . highland inc . 2000 worthy down chriss church barbados wi l . davies 246 - 418 - 0920 disclaimer and sec compliance the information contained in this publication is for informational purposes only , and not to be construed as an offer to sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any security . investing in micro - cap penny stocks should be considered as extremely speculative and risky as it may result in a loss of all or some of your investment . highland inc . is not a registered investment advisor or broker dealer . highland inc . received compensation for this newsletter service for rlyc . the compensation is fifty thousand from a non - affiliated third party . because highland inc . is receiving compensation for its services , there is an inherent conflict of interest in the statements and opinions and such statements and opinions cannot be considered independent . highland inc . makes no representation or warranty relating to the validity of the facts presented nor does the publisher represent a warrant that all material facts are necessary to make an investment decision presented above . factual statements contained in this publication are made as of the date stated and they are subject to change without notice . this release may contain statements that constitute forward - looking statements within the meaning of sec . 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and sec . 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended . the words may , would , will , expect , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend , and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . media matrix 7025 county rd . , 46 a dte 1071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: enron mentions dynegy is in talks on purchasing enron - - - deal would include infusion of cash to assist firm in shoring up finances the wall street journal , 11 / 08 / 01 dynegy is said to be near to acquiring enron for $ 8 billion the new york times , 11 / 08 / 01 trading places : fancy finances were key to enron ' s success , and now to its distress - - - impenetrable deals have put firm in position where it may lose independence - - - talks with rival dynegy the wall street journal , 11 / 08 / 01 unit of enron is challenged the new york times , 11 / 08 / 01 enron in takeover talks with dynegy los angeles times , 11 / 08 / 01 front page - first section : enron board considering takeover by rival dynegy : energy trader seeks emergency talks with banks amid fears over cash crisis financial times ; nov 8 , 2001 front page - companies nov 8 , 2001 companies nov 8 , 2001 dynegy may acquire enron houston chronicle , 11 / 08 / 01 enron deals downshifted at breakneck speed houston chronicle , 11 / 08 / 01 azurix completes sales of two units houston chronicle , 11 / 08 / 01 troubled enron negotiates sale to rival dynegy the washington post , 11 / 08 / 01 dynegy may offer as much as $ 8 billion for enron : wsj ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 08 05 : 32 ( new york ) reports : dynegy close to deal to buy enron for $ 8 billion associated press newswires , 11 / 08 / 01 chevrontexaco affiliate dynegy in talks to buy enron for 7 - 8 bln usd - report afx news , 11 / 08 / 01 usa : update 1 - fund alleges fat fees biased andersen on enron . reuters english news service , 11 / 08 / 01 enron ' s power company reverses itself , says it is meeting with indian representatives in singapore associated press newswires , 11 / 08 / 01 enron india unit ' s lenders issue court challenge to prevent project pullout afx news , 11 / 08 / 01 dabhol pwr co confirms creditors mtg in singapore thu dow jones energy service , 11 / 08 / 01 india : enron not to move on termination till friday business line ( the hindu ) , 11 / 08 / 01 dabhol agrees to meet fis after a day - long drama business standard , 11 / 08 / 01 dynegy holds talks to buy enron , inject $ 1 . 5 billion to shore up firm dow jones business news , 11 / 07 / 01 dynegy reportedly close to deal to buy enron for $ 8 billion associated press newswires , 11 / 07 / 01 usa : wrapup 2 - enron , dynegy in merger talks . reuters english news service , 11 / 07 / 01 dynegy looking to acquire enron thestreet . com 11 / 07 / 01 azurix corp . closes sale of azurix north america pr newswire , 11 / 07 / 01 dynegy is in talks on purchasing enron - - - deal would include infusion of cash to assist firm in shoring up finances by robin sidel and rebecca smith staff reporters of the wall street journal 11 / 08 / 2001 the wall street journal a 3 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) dynegy inc . , the houston - based energy trading and power company , was attempting to strike a deal yesterday evening to buy enron corp . , its beleaguered hometown rival , for roughly $ 7 billion to $ 8 billion in stock , one - tenth of what enron was worth 15 months ago . because any merger of the two would likely be scrutinized for many months and enron needs to shore up its beleaguered finances now , dynegy also is expected to inject an additional $ 1 . 5 billion into enron immediately , people familiar with the matter said . chevrontexaco corp . , which owns a 26 % stake in dynegy , is expected to provide dynegy with the funds for the cash infusion and is playing a significant role in the negotiations . chevrontexaco then will inject an additional $ 1 billion into the combined company once the deal is concluded so that its stake in dynegy isn ' t substantially reduced and so the combined company has a healthy balance sheet . with enron in a weak bargaining position , dynegy , which is one - fifth enron ' s size , was hoping to clinch a deal which would have it paying little , if any , premium for enron . the boards of dynegy , chevron and enron were meeting yesterday to discuss a potential deal , but a seesawing enron stock price and the complexity of a transaction yet could derail a deal , people familiar with the matter warned . " this is far from over , " said one person familiar with the negotiations . several important points , including the exchange ratio , were still being worked out . dynegy expects to argue that enron shareholders will benefit from the upside of combining the two companies and that a transaction will add to dynegy ' s earnings because of potential synergies . spokesmen from enron and dynegy declined to comment . if approved by regulators , the deal would be a stunning development for enron , which transformed itself from a staid natural - gas - pipeline company into a highflying power - trading giant only to see its share price - - and hefty market valuation - - plummet in a matter of weeks . and for enron to sell itself for a low price is sure to stun investors . under the terms being worked out last night , enron chairman kenneth lay would have a seat on the combined company ' s board , but wouldn ' t hold any formal management position , said the people familiar with the matter . mr . lay may take on a consulting role . meanwhile , chuck watson , chairman and chief executive of dynegy , would be ceo of the combined company , while his no . 2 , stephen bergstrom , will president . enron has been scrambling for days to line up quick financing from a prominent outside investor and has been in discussions with private - equity firms and power - trading companies . the company desperately needs to win back its credibility on wall street following the disclosure that the securities and exchange commission was investigating the partnerships created to serve as a hedge against fluctuating market conditions . discussions between dynegy and enron began about 10 days ago , but intensified last weekend . enron also is expected today to disclose more financial dealings about the partnerships . a person close to dynegy said the potential acquirer feels it understands enron ' s business and is apprised of the liabilities , which have been factored into the transaction . should enron strike a deal , it hopes to stabilize its stock price . enron fell 6 . 4 % , or 62 cents , to $ 9 . 05 at 4 p . m . composite trading on the new york stock exchange . at one point yesterday morning , enron ' s stock had fallen 25 % on news reports that enron ' s efforts to line up investors had failed . the stock recovered after cnbc and dow jones newswires reported the talks with dynegy . the shares are at a new 52 - week low and far from the 52 - week high of $ 84 . 88 . dynegy fell $ 3 , or 8 . 3 % , to $ 33 , at 4 p . m . in big board trading . however , some investors believed the company ' s share price could benefit from the deal . jason selch , an energy analyst at wanger asset management in chicago , a large dynegy shareholder , said the company has a history of pulling off complicated deals and added that because enron is in such bad shape , dynegy could dictate the terms of the deal , shielding itself from potential losses due to shareholder lawsuits or problems with enron ' s complicated off - balance sheet dealings . " if they make an offer , they will be making an offer in order to get a steal , " said mr . selch , who says enron ' s core energy - trading business is being valued at about half the normal market valuation of these operations . " i think they will be acquiring a business that will launch them into the no . 1 market - share position in energy trading , " mr . selch added . whether a deal with dynegy materializes , the fact that enron is willing to consider a sale shows how its fortunes have sagged and underscores how desperate it is for a savior . the company , which was at the pinnacle of its success just a year earlier , boasted a market capitalization of $ 71 billion about a year ago and is now valued at about $ 7 billion . in exchange for the immediate capital infusion , dynegy is expected to get convertible preferred stock . in that type of deal , an investor receives a safe , bondlike interest payment and then can convert that holding into common stock after the share price rises to a specified level . enron also had been soliciting interest from private equity firms , but any discussions with those parties were proceeding on a slower track . people familiar with the negotiations said it was possible the financial players could still play some sort of role in any enron transaction , although details weren ' t immediately available . buyout firms clayton , dubilier & rice and blackstone group , which had been approached by enron to make an investment , decided against doing so , according to people familiar with the matter . indeed , enron ' s move to publicly disclose new information about the partnerships could provide intriguing details to any other potential bidders who are interested in a deal , but were reluctant to pursue enron without knowing more about those transactions . and because dynegy may only be paying a small premium , another suitor may be able to step up to the plate . the deal , if agreed to , will add to dynegy ' s earnings in the first year . the new entity will focus on the core business of north american and european wholesale , commercial and industrial energy markets and will capitalize on the opportunities generated by the combined , diversified asset - backed network supported by the strongest intellectual capital in the industry . aside from restoring confidence among its investors , enron has faced growing pressure from its trading partners . the company is offering special protections to some trading partners , hoping to prevent a mass exodus due to fears it could face further credit downgrades or wind up seeking the protection of a federal bankruptcy court . the protection takes the form of a " netting agreement " that permits a trading partner to offset the sums it is owed by various enron entities against the amounts that it owes the enron concerns . without such an arrangement , a company might owe money to one enron entity but have to stand in a long , slow line to collect sums owed by a different enron concern should the company seek bankruptcy - court protection . with netting , positions could cancel each other out , at least to some extent , and reduce a firm ' s ultimate credit exposure . enron spokesman mark palmer said the company has plenty of cash and has no need or intention of seeking protection from creditors , with whom it is current . - - - jathon sapsford , robert frank and ken brown contributed to this article . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c dynegy is said to be near to acquiring enron for $ 8 billion by richard a . oppel jr . and andrew ross sorkin 11 / 08 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 2 c . 2001 new york times company the board of dynegy inc . tentatively approved a deal last night to acquire the enron corporation , the once - mighty energy - trading company laid low by a financial crisis and government investigation , executives close to the transaction said . a deal would enable dynegy to buy the much bigger enron at a fire - sale price - - about $ 8 billion in stock , or roughly $ 10 a share , for a company that less than a year ago had a market value of nearly $ 70 billion . but with stock and bond investors fleeing , some of its trading partners refusing to do business with it , enron had few choices but to talk to dynegy . as part of the deal , chevron texaco , which owns a 27 percent stake in dynegy , would give enron a cash infusion of at least $ 1 . 5 billion up front and an additional $ 1 billion when the deal closed . the executives said the companies hope to finalize the details and announce the deal today . if completed , a takeover by dynegy , a company only about one - quarter its size in revenue , would represent a remarkable humbling of enron , the nation ' s biggest buyer and seller of natural gas and electricity . enron had $ 139 . 7 billion in revenue for the first nine months of the year . as recently as last spring enron was lionized by investors as an innovator that had in many ways created and cleverly dominated the nation ' s deregulated energy markets . it would also vindicate not only dynegy , which took a more measured approach to doing business in those markets , but also critics uncomfortable with energy deregulation who said enron ' s energy trading was ruthless , its finances murky and its power and influence too extensive . the company ' s chairman and chief executive , kenneth l . lay , is a close friend of president bush . he has been one of mr . bush ' s largest campaign contributors , and no other energy company gave more money to republican causes last year than enron . mr . lay would be on the board of the combined companies , the executives said , but it was unclear if he would have an operational role . enron ' s problems came to light last month when the company disclosed $ 1 billion in write - downs and an unusual $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity . the reduction in equity arose from transactions with investment partnerships involving andrew fastow , the chief financial officer , who was forced to resign on oct . 24 . the securities and exchange commission is investigating those transactions . enron is expected today to send the s . e . c . answers to questions the agency has posed in its investigation . the answers have been reviewed by dynegy officials , the executives said , and are expected to be released publicly . enron is scheduled to meet its creditors tomorrow about the company ' s continuing crisis - - and about the merger deal , if there is one . people close to the deal say the company hopes that a deal with dynegy , and the release of the answers to the s . e . c . , will calm the crisis that has engulfed the company and led other energy companies that trade with enron to curtail their credit exposure to the company . besides worries about the huge losses and the s . e . c . investigation , investors and creditors are nervously watching enron ' s credit rating . moody ' s investors service and standard and poor ' s have already cut the rating to two notches above junk status , and on monday , fitch inc . cut it to one notch above junk . as part of the acquisition , dynegy would be taking on enron ' s $ 12 . 8 billion debt load - - a number that does not include billions of dollars of other debt , accumulated off the balance sheet , that has played a major role in enron ' s current problems . the executives said they expected the deal would lead to the sale of some enron assets to pay down the $ 12 . 8 billion debt . should enron lose its investment grade rating , other energy trading companies could curtail their business with the company even further , and enron could be forced to issue tens of millions of shares of stock to cover off - balance sheet debts that it has guaranteed . early wednesday , shares of enron plunged 28 percent , to about $ 7 , on fears that the company was unable to line up new investors . but the stock took back most of its losses in the afternoon after cnbc reported the talks with dynegy . shares of enron closed at $ 9 . 05 , off 62 cents . dynegy shares closed at $ 33 , down $ 3 . in addition to both companies ' very large presence in energy trading , enron owns the portland general electric company , a utility in oregon it had already agreed to sell , and dynegy owns the illinova corporation , a retail electricity and natural gas utility in illinois . regulators may take a hard look at those utilities in reviewing a merger deal , said jeff dietert , an analyst with simmons & company in houston . ' ' then you ' ve got concerns about market power , ' ' he said . ' ' it ' s just a lot of different issues to deal with before we get too excited that this deal is going to get done . ' ' the acquisition would combine enron , which dominates united states trading of electricity and natural gas and has been shedding its hard assets , with dynegy , a company that has pursued a much different strategy of using trading to maximize earnings from its power plants . enron has always concentrated on sophisticated financial trading strategies , a senior executive at a rival energy - trading firm , said . ' ' dynegy has always been more of a logistical player of physical assets , ' ' he said . ' ' those are very different cultures and very different mentalities . ' ' the executive noted that there had been an immense talent drain from enron in the last two weeks . ' ' it has become a frenzy , ' ' he said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . trading places : fancy finances were key to enron ' s success , and now to its distress - - - impenetrable deals have put firm in position where it may lose independence - - - talks with rival dynegy by rebecca smith and john r . emshwiller staff reporters of the wall street journal 11 / 08 / 2001 the wall street journal al ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) when enron corp . convened its annual conference with credit analysts and bond investors in houston last february , the energy - trading giant was soaring and looking to climb higher . the company ' s stock was trading at about $ 80 a share , giving it a stock market value of $ 70 billion . though up fourfold from three years earlier , the stock price wasn ' t nearly high enough , enron ' s new chief executive , jeffrey skilling , told the audience . with its dominant position in energy - trading markets and its highly touted new moves into telecommunications , enron stock should be at $ 126 a share , mr . skilling argued . all in all , a vintage performance for a company not known for being bashful . " a lot of hype . a lot of spin , " recalls todd shipman , a standard & poor ' s analyst who attended the conference . " that was enron . " yesterday , enron stock closed at $ 9 . 05 in new york stock exchange trading . mr . skilling is no longer around to promote the stock . in august , he unexpectedly resigned as chief executive after only six months in the top job . chief financial officer andrew fastow was replaced last month as controversy escalated over his role in running private partnerships involved in billions of dollars of transactions with enron . kenneth lay , enron ' s chief executive , has had to give up retirement plans to return to the helm . lately , the company has been offering special credit protection to increasingly nervous trading partners , including reliant energy inc . and entergy corp . the goal : to provide assurance that enron is a creditworthy partner and to prevent an exodus of customers . enron ' s trading operation generates 90 % of the company ' s profits . it looked yesterday as if the endgame might be beginning . mr . lay and enron ' s board were discussing a possible acquisition of enron by its much - smaller hometown energy - trading rival , dynegy inc . , in a stock swap valued at $ 7 billion to $ 8 billion . ( see related article on page a 3 . ) any merger of the two companies would probably face lengthy regulatory scrutiny , so dynegy is also considering injecting $ 1 . 5 billion into enron immediately to help stabilize the company ' s finances , according to people familiar with the situation . the deal would also include a significant role for oil powerhouse chevrontexaco , which owns a 26 % stake in dynegy and would be likely to provide much of the cash for any enron transaction . dynegy ' s emergence as a serious bidder for enron could indicate to other interested parties that enron ' s problems can be solved . in fact , the collapse in enron ' s stock price would make it fairly easy for another large energy player to top any dynegy offer . royal dutch / shell group is one such prominent company . a takeover by dynegy or any other company would almost certainly presage the departure of the 59 - year - old mr . lay . he oversaw the transformation of enron from a nondescript natural - gas pipeline company with annual revenue of under $ 5 billion in the late 1980 s to a global energy colossus with revenue that is expected to approach $ 200 billion this year . it has turned out that the formula behind that transformation contained the seeds for the company ' s current troubles . executives created an ever - more - labyrinthine financial structure to support enron ' s explosive growth rate . billions of dollars of debt - - which could have weakened enron ' s credit rating and slowed growth - - was kept off the balance sheet through tangled webs of transactions with dozens of related entities . as the financial demands became greater and the transactions more complex , enron officials began creating and heading some of the entities , raising serious conflict - of - interest questions . neither enron nor dynegy would comment . royal dutch / shell also declined to comment . messrs . lay , skilling and fastow either declined to comment or didn ' t return phone calls seeking interviews . enron officials have maintained that the markets are overreacting to a spate of bad , but nonfatal , news . on oct . 16 , the company announced a $ 618 million third - quarter loss and disclosed a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction of shareholder equity due in part to dealings with the fastow - related partnerships . the company has said that its ongoing businesses are strong and it has the financial wherewithal to weather the crisis . all of its actions have been legal and properly disclosed , enron has stressed . still , its predicament is daunting . the securities and exchange commission has started a formal investigation into possible violations of federal securities law involving the fastow - related partnerships . several shareholder lawsuits seeking class - action status have been filed against top company officials , alleging fraud and seeking to recover some of the $ 20 billion in market value that enron shares have lost in the past month . to address growing jitters in the energy and financial markets , enron has drawn down billions of dollars of credit lines , negotiated new ones and sought a new equity infusion . as turmoil has engulfed the company , mr . lay and other top enron executives have kept largely out of public view - - in sharp contrast to the company ' s normally outspoken public persona . the one recent public - relations initiative , a conference call for analysts and big investors , turned into what even enron officials concede privately was a debacle . it left company executives looking evasive and defensive rather than open and confident . how did enron , which routinely made published lists of the most - admired and innovative companies in america , fly so high and fall so fast ? the answer lies in a combination of brilliance and overconfidence on a scale rarely seen in the business world . in the process , the company helped redefine much of the energy marketplace on matters as fundamental as how power is bought and sold and how a company produces a profit from doing so . for example , the company helped create an electricity - trading market in which participants rarely take physical delivery of the commodity but instead merely tally profits or losses from transactions . in the accounting realm , it pioneered techniques that allowed energy companies to record profits or losses on long - term contracts that hadn ' t yet produced any revenue . " we caught a little flak in the early 1990 s from people who , i guess , thought we were pulling a fast one , " enron ' s chief accounting officer , richard causey , said in an interview in august . he added that this accounting method was the most accurate way to measure energy - trading results . enron ' s audacity and success sent other energy companies scrambling to emulate it , a process that abn amro analyst paul patterson calls " enron envy . " the company tested the limits of securities and accounting rules . for example , enron ' s sec filings have included statements about the fastow - related transactions that might meet the letter of disclosure laws but are so complex that even some wall street analysts and accounting professors have found them indecipherable . enron ' s seemingly impenetrable financial structure , hardly noticed by wall street in the company ' s heyday , is now a matter of serious concern in a suddenly skeptical investment community . " it ' s not easy to regain something as basic as trust , " says goldman sachs analyst david fleischer , a longtime enron fan . in the recent conference call with enron executives , mr . fleischer pleaded with the company to be more forthcoming about its operations - - something it has been promising to do for months . while enron employs some 20 , 000 people , its rise and fall can , in large measure , be traced to three men : messrs . lay , skilling and fastow . mr . lay joined the company in 1984 when it was still called houston natural gas , a regional pipeline operator . back then , the natural - gas industry was a largely regional business and about as exciting as watching a pipeline operate . but mr . lay had big plans for his company , always preaching that natural gas was the fuel of the future . his prediction has been largely borne out when it comes to such functions as fueling electric - power plants . he wanted to take the company beyond natural gas . enron bought an electric utility in portland , ore . , and built power plants around the world . it developed its potent energy - trading operation , which buys and sells contracts to provide electricity in the same way that contracts for wheat and pork bellies are traded . these deals were done with utilities , industrial power users and other trading firms . to help enlarge this empire , he recruited aggressive young executives . none was brighter or more assertive than mr . skilling , a harvard business school graduate and former mckinsey & co . consultant who joined enron in 1990 . under messrs . lay and skilling , the company pushed zealously for the deregulation of energy markets - - particularly that bastion of monopoly businesses , the electric - utility industry . enron officials argued that open , competitive markets could help consumers and , not coincidentally , provide huge profit opportunities in energy trading . mr . skilling called the energy - trading business " a once - in - a - lifetime opportunity to establish a position to last for the next 100 years . " by the late 1990 s , enron had evolved into primarily a trading company , rather than an owner of power plants and pipelines . in pursuit of their deregulation goals , enron officials became major players in american politics . mr . lay has given nearly $ 2 million to president bush during his political career and is a personal friend of the president , vice president cheney and several members of the cabinet . one of mr . skilling ' s early hires after joining enron was mr . fastow , at the time a 29 - year - old mba from northwestern ' s kellogg school who had been working on leveraged buyouts and other complicated deals at continental bank in chicago . former enron officials and others say that mr . skilling quickly became mr . fastow ' s mentor in the same way that mr . lay had become mr . skilling ' s . as mr . skilling oversaw the building of enron ' s vast trading operation , mr . fastow saw to the financing of it . " andy was the guy you saw when you wanted money " for a project , says one former enron senior manager . mr . skilling was named enron ' s chief operating officer in 1997 . mr . fastow got the top finance job a year later , at the age of 36 . under mr . fastow , enron ' s finance department tripled in size , to more than 100 people . enron needed the added financial brainpower . as it expanded , debt and liquidity were constant concerns . what ' s more , the company ' s ambitions were roving beyond therms and kilowatts as it began to make markets in everything from water to weather . enron ' s most highly touted non - energy initiative , and mr . skilling ' s pet project , came in the area of telecommunications . the company built a coast - to - coast fiber - optic network and envisioned trading " bandwidth , " or network capacity , the way it traded electricity or natural gas . enron has invested several hundred million dollars so far in the project , which has produced losses of over $ 400 million . yet at the february analyst meeting in houston , mr . skilling unabashedly valued enron ' s fiber - optic business at $ 36 billion , according to people who were at the meeting . but to make all of its growth dreams possible , enron had to make sure that its balance sheet didn ' t become too laden with debt . too much debt would lead major ratings agencies , such as moody ' s investors service and standard & poor ' s , to lower enron ' s credit rating . such downgrades could significantly increase the company ' s cost of borrowing and make it more difficult to finance its continued expansion . in typically aggressive fashion , enron lobbied the ratings agencies with the same vigor that it lobbied legislators . at the february meeting , mr . fastow urged analysts to raise enron ' s credit rating on long - term debt from triple - b - plus to single - a - minus . but the analysts shrugged off mr . fastow ' s entreaties . they didn ' t see the cash flow , earnings , or debt coverage required for such an upgrade , says one attendee . undeterred , mr . fastow said the higher rating would strengthen the company ' s basic finances , which could then justify the higher rating . this circular argument provoked derision among analysts , and enron didn ' t get its ` a ' rating . instead , the company was recently downgraded by the major ratings agencies as a result of its financial turmoil . in moves that kept down its reported debt burden , enron turned increasingly to off - balance - sheet transactions through limited partnerships with outside parties . in such an arrangement , enron could contribute money , stock or other assets to the partnership . the partnership could then borrow large sums to purchase assets or do business deals without the debt showing up on enron ' s books . while such partnership transactions had long been used in the natural - gas industry to finance deals , enron took the practice to new heights of complexity . leading that effort was mr . fastow and his team of young financial experts . in recent years , enron has done myriad deals with more than 30 partnerships . by far the most controversial to come to light , so far , are the ones it has done with two partnerships - - known as ljm cayman lp and ljm 2 co - investment lp - - which were formed and operated by mr . fastow . the company has said that its transactions with these partnerships were designed to hedge against fluctuating market values of company assets and energy contracts . it isn ' t clear why enron would allow its chief financial officer to be in a fiduciary position at partnerships that stood to profit , possibly at the company ' s expense , from doing deals with it . to make matters worse , private ljm partnership documents indicate that mr . fastow personally made millions of dollars from the partnerships - - much more than he was being paid as enron ' s chief financial officer . enron officials have repeatedly said that mr . fastow ' s actions were reviewed and approved by top management and the board of directors . however , the company has refused to answer numerous specific questions about its dealings with the partnerships . enron has said that mr . fastow formally severed his ties with the partnerships in july in the face of rising discomfort about the arrangements on the part of analysts and major company investors . it is nearly impossible to stitch together anything comprehensible about the partnership deals from enron ' s sec filings . the only thing clear is that millions of shares of enron stock and billions of dollars of assets and notes were involved in the transactions . - - - robin sidel and jathon sapsford contributed to this article . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c unit of enron is challenged 11 / 08 / 2001 the new york times page 12 , column 6 c . 2001 new york times company a consortium of indian lenders to the enron corporation ' s power company in india asked the bombay high court today to prevent the unit , the dabhol power company , from pulling out of a distressed energy project . the consortium , led by the industrial development bank of india , sought a stay on the final termination notice and stopping the transfer of dabhol ' s assets . in response , dabhol canceled a meeting with the indian lenders scheduled for later this week . dabhol power has been wrangling with the state utility for the last several months over unpaid bills , and the 2 , 184 megawatt plant is now shut down . indian financial institutions have a combined exposure of about $ 1 . 5 billion in the $ 2 . 9 billion project in the form of loans and guarantees . copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk enron in takeover talks with dynegy thomas s . mulligan ; james flanigan ; nancy rivera brooks times staff writers 11 / 08 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 1 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company new york - - enron corp . , the troubled energy - trading giant , was in talks wednesday over a possible takeover by houston neighbor and rival dynegy inc . , industry sources said . the boards of both companies were meeting late wednesday concerning a potential deal , which almost certainly would mean the end of the line for chairman and chief executive kenneth lay , architect of enron ' s emergence as the dominant force in the relatively new electronic markets for natural gas and electricity . the houston chronicle reported that chevrontexaco corp . , which owns 27 % of dynegy , would inject an immediate $ 1 . 5 billion to enable enron to maintain its investment - grade credit status , without which it would have to suspend its crucial trading operations . enron , dynegy and chevrontexaco representatives declined to comment . enron appeared to be running out of options short of an outright sale , as its stock had plunged toward 10 - year lows , its credit had been downgraded and it had failed to secure emergency financing from parties that would let it retain its independence . enron ' s shares plunged again wednesday but then recovered on the news , first reported by cnbc , that it had opened talks with dynegy . enron shares sank as low as $ 7 on the new york stock exchange but rebounded to close down 62 cents at $ 9 . 05 , still the lowest since april 1992 ; the stock is down 89 % year to date . dynegy shares also moved on the speculation , losing $ 3 to close at $ 33 . at wednesday ' s closing price , enron has a market value of $ 6 . 8 billion , down from an august 2000 peak of $ 63 . 6 billion . the catalyst for enron ' s shocking slide was the disclosure last month that the company had taken a $ 1 . 2 - billion equity reduction connected with off - balance - sheet partnerships from which enron managers had profited . the matter is being investigated by the securities and exchange commission . enron also reported an unexpected $ 618 - million loss in the third quarter . the energy market ' s confidence in enron ' s ability to meet its obligations has ebbed along with the company ' s stock price , and trading partners have begun shying away from entering new long - term transactions with enron , industry sources said . competitors reliant energy inc . , aquila inc . and el paso corp . all reported a pickup in business as companies attempt to reduce their exposure to enron . in addition , energy brokers on the new york mercantile exchange are demanding higher margin deposits from enron , according to platts , a private energy news service . enron in recent days has been raising cash by turning over trading positions to other companies at a sizable discount , platts said . banking sources told the financial times in london that enron has called an emergency meeting of its lenders to persuade them to extend credit lines . enron last week won a commitment for a $ 1 - billion credit line from j . p . morgan chase and salomon smith barney , but other banks declined to join in . to get the financing , enron had to pledge some natural gas pipeline assets . although there has been no crisis akin to a run on a bank , enron cannot survive for long without a major infusion of capital , todd a . shipman , analyst for standard & poor ' s , said wednesday . " there ' s a difference between reducing exposure to enron and not doing business or demanding cash upfront , " he said , but he added that the company ' s trading partners have been " reexamining their attitude towards enron every moment of every day . " energy analysts and executives said wednesday that dynegy chairman and ceo charles l . watson could be taking a big risk buying into enron . " chuck watson is a brave guy but also a smart one , " one expert said . " i have to assume he knows what he ' s getting with enron . " would - be partners watson and lay have competed for prominence in houston , arguing over stadiums and investing to bring the national football league to the city . consumer activists wasted no time protesting a potential merger of enron and dynegy . dynegy , which owns california power plants in partnership with nrg energy inc . that are capable of generating 2 , 800 megawatts of electricity , was among the companies gov . gray davis and other politicians have repeatedly slammed as " pirates " that charged the state too much for electricity during its recent energy crisis . " the energy cartel already has done so much damage in california , and the only thing worse than that would be a more tightly controlled energy cartel , " said doug heller of the foundation for taxpayer partner chevrontexaco , the recently merged oil giant , would gain a significant edge in energy trading over its competitors . " dynegy is conservative , while enron has been very aggressive in trading , " said mark gurley , senior vice president of aquila . * mulligan reported from new york , flanigan and rivera brooks from los angeles . copyright ? 2000 dow jones nov 8 , 2001 by robert clow , andrew edgecliffe - johnson , william lewis , sheila mcnulty and peter thal larsen the board of enron , the embattled us energy trading group , was meeting last night to discuss a takeover by its rival dynegy . terms of the proposed deal remain under discussion but are understood to involve an all - stock bid from dynegy at an undetermined premium to its dollars 6 . 8 bn market capitalisation . chevrontexaco , which owns about 27 per cent of dynegy , was expected to provide about dollars 1 . 5 bn of financial support . an announcement could come this morning , though people familiar with the talks cautioned that they might still fail . enron agreed to call an urgent meeting of its banks for tomorrow amid growing concerns on wall street that it would not be able to survive its financial crisis without a strategic partner . if enron ' s board rejects the full takeover offer , other potential options include an equity injection by dynegy to save the troubled energy trader from a deeper financial crisis . dynegy , which trades with enron , has an interest in keeping the struggling group in business to maintain stability in the energy market but also sees an opportunity to expand its own market share . banks are describing tomorrow ' s meeting at enron ' s headquarters in houston as " make or break " . one bank executive said : " this is a pivotal meeting . there are lots of credit lines due in the next six months and we need to talk . " enron drew down dollars 3 . 3 bn in credit lines in the last month , in an attempt to build confidence . with time running out for the company and pressure increasing on kenneth lay , its chief executive , enron has urgently explored several options in recent days . shell - owned coral energy has also been approached and there have been calls to private equity groups . if the dynegy deal goes through , mr lay will stay on at enron , at least until the takeover is complete . but the efforts have been hampered by the securities and exchange commission investigation into enron ' s dealings with funds associated with the former chief financial officer of the company . bankers say that companies that do not already know enron intimately have been put off entering negotiations because of the uncertainty . if the company fails to complete a deal ahead of tomorrow ' s crucial meeting , it will need to persuade the banks to extend credit lines , as it battles to shore up confidence among investors and its trading counterparties . the banks with the greatest exposure to enron include credit suisse , deutsche bank , citigroup and barclays . off - balance - sheet vehicles affiliated to enron have dollars 8 bn - dollars 9 bn in debt . enron itself is carrying dollars 12 . 8 bn in debt . its bonds ended the day bid at 74 cents in the dollar . enron ' s share price had dropped as low as dollars 7 early in the day but finished at dollars 9 . 05 , down 62 cents , after reports of dynegy ' s interest . investors ' concern about dynegy assuming enron ' s liabilities sent dynegy shares down 8 . 3 per cent to dollars 33 yesterday , giving it a market value of dollars 10 . 8 bn . enron has been under pressure since october 16 , when it disclosed a surprise balance sheet adjustment that exacerbated concerns about lack of transparency . lex , page 16 www . ft . com / energy copyright : the financial times limited front page - companies nov 8 , 2001 by andrew edgecliffe - johnson , william lewis , sheila mcnulty and peter thal larsen dynegy is in talks about a possible equity injection into enron , in a last - ditch attempt to save the troubled us energy trader from a deeper financial crisis . the talks could lead to a full merger between the rival energy groups , according to people familiar with the negotiations . enron also agreed to call an emergency meeting of its banks tomorrow amid growing concerns on wall street that the troubled energy trader will not be able to survive its financial crisis unless it finds a strategic partner . detailed terms of a deal with dynegy remained under discussion yesterday afternoon , but an announcement could come as early as this morning . the purpose of the talks was to inject enron with sufficient liquidity to avert a growing crisis of confidence . dynegy , as a major counter - party to enron , wants to keep enron in business to maintain stability in the energy trading market . dynegy ' s interest prompted speculation of how the group would fund an equity infusion or fuller merger , with analysts saying that it may require approval and funding from chevrontexaco , which owns about 27 per cent of dynegy . banks with approximately dollars 3 . 3 bn of exposure to enron are describing friday ' s meeting at enron ' s headquarters in houston as " make or break " . one bank executive said : " this is a pivotal meeting . there are lots of credit lines due in the next six months and we need to talk . " with time running out for the company , enron executives were yesterday making frantic efforts to secure a deal with rival energy group dynegy . some at the company hoped to be able to announce a deal today . shell - owned coral energy has been approached and there have been calls to private equity groups such as blackstone group . but the efforts have been hampered by the securities and exchange commission investigation into enron ' s dealings with funds associated with former executives of the company . lex , page 22 www . ft . com / energy copyright : the financial times limited companies nov 8 , 2001 by william lewis enron has called an emergency meeting of its banks tomorrow amid concerns on wall street that the troubled energy trader will not be able to survive its financial crisis unless it finds a strategic partner . banks with approximately dollars 3 . 3 bn of exposure to enron are describing the meeting at its headquarters in houston , texas , as " make or break " . one bank executive said : " this is a pivotal meeting . there are lots of credit lines due in the next six months and we need to talk . " with time running out for the company , enron executives were yesterday making frantic efforts to secure a deal with rival energy group dynegy . some at the company hoped to be able to announce a deal today . shell - owned coral energy has also been approached , and there have been calls to private equity groups such as blackstone group . but the efforts have been hampered by the sec investigation into enron ' s dealings with funds associated with former executives of the company . bankers say that companies that do not already know enron intimately have been put off entering negotiations because of the uncertainty . if the company fails to complete a deal ahead of the meeting , it will need to persuade the banks to extend credit lines , as it fights to shore up confidence among investors and trading counterparties . the banks with the greatest exposure to enron include credit suisse , deutsche bank , citigroup and barclays . off - balance - sheet vehicles affiliated to enron have dollars 8 bn - dollars 9 bn in debt . enron is carrying dollars 12 . 8 bn in debt . the company has been under increasing pressure since october 16 , when it disclosed a surprise balance sheet adjustment that only exacerbated concerns about a lack of transparency at the energy trading group . enron is the principal in a quarter of all electricity and natural gas trades in the us . yesterday the company did not immediately return calls seeking comment . its share price had lost 21 . 92 per cent by midday , at dollars 7 . 55 . " what we have here is a run on the bank by equity investors , " said john olson , vice - president of research at sanders morris harris , an investment banking and securities firm . " and they have done nothing to alleviate it . " enron ' s competitors have begun taking business away from the us ' s biggest energy trading company . shahid malik , president of trading and marketing at reliant energy , a big participant in the trading that is central to enron ' s business , said : " we ' re seeing more business come our way . " he said reliant had maintained normal relations with enron , noting it was still creditworthy . but he added : " we are monitoring the situation . " copyright : the financial times limited nov . 8 , 2001 houston chronicle dynegy may acquire enron merger talks in advanced stage by laura goldberg copyright 2001 houston chronicle dynegy was in advanced talks wednesday night to acquire troubled rival enron corp . , according to people familiar with the matter . the sources said a merger could be announced as early as today between the two houston - based energy traders , which had been talking for about a week . if the smaller dynegy does buy enron - - known as a pioneer in the world of energy trading - - it would mark a surprising end for a company that until early this year was among wall street ' s darlings . since then , a series of problems has tarnished the image of enron , which based on revenues is houston ' s largest company . enron ' s woes quickly multiplied after it made troubling financial disclosures in its third - quarter earnings report last month . after the report , enron ' s stock price plummeted , the securities and exchange commission launched an investigation into certain enron dealings and the company ' s credit rating has been downgraded , leaving it in a weakened state . that ' s where dynegy comes in . dynegy proposed a stock swap with a modest premium over enron ' s stock price , the sources said , adding that enron had been pressing for a higher premium than dynegy offered . shares in enron closed down 62 cents wednesday , at $ 9 . 05 . based on enron ' s market capitalization , the stock deal is likely to be worth more than $ 7 billion . as part of the deal being discussed , chevrontexaco corp . , which owns about 27 percent of dynegy , would also immediately give $ 1 . 5 billion to enron , the people said . the money would be intended to help enron keep its investment - grade credit rating , which it needs to keep running its energy trading business . wall street has been questioning enron ' s ability to maintain that core business , which relies heavily on access to credit and cash . enron ' s board started meeting around 6 : 30 p . m . wednesday , while dynegy ' s board began meeting earlier during the day . spokesmen for dynegy , enron and chevrontexaco declined comment wednesday . enron is significantly larger than dynegy , which last year reported $ 29 . 4 billion in revenues and as of earlier this year had almost 1 , 600 employees in houston . enron reported $ 100 . 8 billion in revenues last year and as of earlier this year had more than 7 , 000 houston employees . the two energy traders have complementary capabilities , said jeff dietert , an analyst with houston - based simmons institutional investors put up the lion ' s share of the money . the institutional investors , which can include pension funds , hedge funds , banks and other corporations , have their investments backed by the hard assets of the partnership . enron used simple off - balance - sheet deals in the past , but its strategy became more complex in the late 1990 s as it began fueling aggressive growth plans . in 1997 the company ' s growth from a pipeline company into a leading gas and energy trading business led it to a huge debt load that didn ' t match up with its credit ratings . maintaining that rating was crucial to the company ' s electricity and gas trading , which involved negotiated contracts with dozens of partners . the company could have put up its hard assets as backing to continue financing acquisitions and purchases , but enron ' s top brass were reluctant . instead , under fastow ' s guidance , enron ' s finance department became the equivalent of a bank , with a mission to raise capital . " we transformed finance into a merchant organization , one engaged in the intermediation of both commodity and capital risk positions , " fastow told cfo magazine in 1999 . " essentially , we would buy and sell risk positions . " the company also needed to raise more cash but couldn ' t issue equity , which would dilute shareholders ' value , or issue more debt , a threat to its credit rating . fastow ' s solution was to make it clear to the rating agencies that he was serious about keeping the good ratings by generating fast - growing cash flow , even though the company would issue more stock . a roadshow for analysts was organized to outline the plan and demonstrate the finance team ' s skills at maintaining the high - wire act . the sales pitch worked . when enron issued 17 . 2 million shares in an offering and raised about $ 800 million , rating agencies liked it and share values didn ' t drop . the second part of the plan involved selling off nonstrategic assets , such as pipelines and other business units , to create even more cash flow . that cash was reinvested . under this new , more aggressive strategy , enron grew in different ways . for example , in october 1998 the company acquired three new jersey power plants from cogen technologies by going to the capital markets to issue about $ 1 . 5 billion in equity and debt . enron kept that capital off its own balance sheets by creating a special - purpose entity to which it sold a 50 percent interest in the plants . another deal involved enron ' s $ 2 . 3 billion purchase of wessex water , a british water company , in 1998 . enron created a special off - balance - sheet partnership named atlantic water trust and issued $ 1 . 3 billion in enron shares into it . the trust then went to the capital markets to raise $ 1 billion in debt that was backed by those shares . the trust purchased wessex , and because enron owned no more than 50 percent of wessex , it didn ' t experience earnings dilution and didn ' t have that $ 1 billion in debt counted on its books . these complex deals won fastow and his team praise and industry awards . so what went wrong ? while many of enron ' s off - balance - sheet deals worked with little controversy , the accounting innovation eventually worked against the company . details on the more complicated deals , particularly the partnerships named ljm cayman and ljm 2 co - investment , which left the company with a $ 1 billion charge last quarter , have been hard to come by so far . but they appear to have been used to hedge against the risk of some of the company ' s newer lines of business beyond its core . " power plants in india , water companies , extension of their franchise to the mass retail market and using a fiber optic network to deliver content over the internet are all unrelated or only tangentially related to their core merchant energy business , " said ray niles , an analyst with salomon smith barney . " all of the write - offs appear to be in these noncore , nonenergy merchant areas . " the off - balance - sheet partnerships also went on to buy the stock of other companies , said john olson , an analyst with sanders morris harris . " they own pieces of a variety of companies they ' ve done asset trades with , oil - services companies , producers , " olson said . " and many of those shares are underwater right now . " the partnerships also appear to have invested in options to buy shares of enron at a fixed price with plans to make money by later selling them at a higher price . " it was perfectly sound logic when their stock was going up , but when it started to go down , it came as quite a shock , " olson said . while the details of enron ' s partnerships remain elusive for the time being , there ' s little doubt that unraveling their true nature will be difficult for even the keenest financial and legal minds . " there ' s a saying that in houston there are three major law firms : vinson & elkins , baker botts and enron , " olson said . " enron is overstaffed with many smart , smart lawyers , creating these complex and sophisticated contracts . the problem is they ' re all in the same room just canceling each other out . " nov . 8 , 2001 houston chronicle briefs : city and state azurix completes sales of two units an enron corp . subsidiary has closed the sales of two of its divisions that contributed to the company ' s steep loss this past quarter . azurix corp . sold azurix north america corp . and azurix industrial corp . to american water works co . for $ 141 . 5 million . the sale includes american water works assuming $ 6 . 1 million of debt . azurix counted for $ 287 million of the $ 1 . 01 billion in losses enron reported for the third quarter . financial troubled enron negotiates sale to rival dynegy peter behr washington post staff writer 11 / 08 / 2001 the washington post final eol copyright 2001 , the washington post co . all rights reserved officials of enron corp . are negotiating a sale of their embattled energy - trading company to houston - based rival dynegy inc . for about $ 8 billion in stock and an immediate cash infusion , according to sources familiar with the talks . the deal would include a $ 1 . 5 billion contribution to enron by chevrontexaco corp . which owns 27 percent of dynegy , sources said . representatives of enron and dynegy declined to comment . the fortunes of enron , the largest trader of natural gas and electric power and one of the early apostles of utility deregulation , have plunged since late last month , when it announced a $ 638 million third - quarter loss and disclosed that the value of shareholder equity had dropped by $ 1 . 2 billion because of complex investment deals with outside partnerships . enron dismissed its chief financial officer , andrew fastow , who had run some of the largest of these partnerships in what some investors allege was a conflict of interest , according to civil lawsuits filed against enron . it also revealed a securities and exchange commission investigation of the investments , and it has had to scramble for additional capital as its credit rating was downgraded . today , enron is expected to make public answers about the partnership transactions that it has furnished to the sec . in august , enron ' s chief executive , jeffrey skilling , resigned unexpectedly , citing personal reasons , a month after fastow severed his ties with the partnerships . with skilling ' s resignation , enron chairman ken lay - - the nation ' s most visible energy executive because of his close friendship with president bush - - resumed the chief executive ' s duties . last week , enron secured a $ 1 billion loan from j . p . morgan chase & co . and salomon smith barney inc . to help cover debt payments and trading obligations , but it had to use some of its most valuable pipeline assets to secure the loan . enron ' s stock has fallen from a high of $ 90 a share in august 2000 to $ 9 . 05 yesterday , off 62 cents from tuesday ' s closing price , after the talks were reported by cnbc . the steepest price decline followed its third - quarter earnings report last month . but earnings for enron ' s core energy businesses increased 26 percent from the year before , before write - offs , demonstrating the value of these operations to other energy companies , according to will mcnamara , energy analysis director for scientech inc . in albuquerque . any transactions involving enron must cope with the uncertainty about the impact of more than a score of confidential partnership investments on the company ' s debt level and stock value , analysts said . two of the partnerships in which enron has a stake , named osprey and marlin , have borrowed $ 3 . 4 billion to purchase and then resell enron energy assets and to make other investments , according to analysts . " the issue is how much of that is considered debt of enron , " said ralph g . pellechia , an analyst with fitch inc . fitch and other bond - rating firms have sharply downgraded enron ' s debt this month . in one of a growing number of lawsuits against enron ' s board of directors , fred greenberg , a texas shareholder , alleged that fastow had engaged in a conflict of interest by serving as enron ' s chief financial officer while running the private partnerships that purchased power plants and other assets from enron . fastow was entitled to a share in partnership profits , even if that was contrary to enron shareholders ' interests , greenberg ' s suit contends . in public filings with the sec , enron disclosed that key corporate officers were involved with the partnerships and declared that its board had reviewed and approved the relationships . a confidential offering seeking investments in an osprey partnership in september 2000 described one of those relationships in different terms . the funds raised by osprey would be turned over to another partnership , named whitewing , to which enron was contributing $ 1 . 2 billion , the offering document said . whitewing would use the funds to purchase enron assets and make other investments . the duties of enron ' s corporate directors and officers may conflict with the duties of whitewing ' s officers and directors , the document said . " in addition , certain other conflicts of interest exist and may arise in the future " because of the close relationship between enron , whitewing and its subsidiaries , it added . http : / / www . washingtonpost . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy may offer as much as $ 8 billion for enron : wsj ( updatel ) 2001 - 11 - 08 05 : 32 ( new york ) dynegy may offer as much as $ 8 billion for enron : wsj ( updatel ) ( adds german trading in fifth paragraph , details on ratings in 14 th paragraph and sec probe in 16 th paragraph . ) houston , nov . 8 ( bloomberg ) - - dynegy inc . may offer to buy enron corp . for as much as $ 8 billion in stock after shares of the biggest energy trader fell 89 percent this year , the wall street journal , new york times and associated press reported , citing unidentified people familiar with the situation . the boards of dynegy , a houston - based energy trader , chevrontexaco corp . , which owns about 27 percent of dynegy , and enron met yesterday to negotiate terms of the transaction , which would value enron at about $ 10 a share , according to the reports . a transaction may be announced as early as today , ap said . enron ' s stock and credit ratings have declined in the wake of a securities and exchange commission investigation into partnerships run by former chief financial officer andrew fastow . the company has drawn down $ 3 billion in credit lines and is seeking new financing to reassure trading partners . ` ` enron is running out of time and that ' s what ' s pushing them to the bargaining table , ' ' said zach wagner , an analyst with edward jones & co . , who cut his recommendation on enron to ` ` reduce ' ' from ` ` accumulate ' ' on oct . 23 . shares of enron traded in germany rose 28 cents $ 9 . 33 . the stock reached a record $ 90 . 75 in august 2000 and fell 62 cents to $ 9 . 05 yesterday in u . s . trading . it has a market value of about $ 6 . 79 billion . dynegy would gain a wholesale energy business , the leading energy manager for commercial and small - industrial customers , and an internet energy trading operation many times larger than its own , said ubs warburg llc analyst james yanello . ` stingy ' buyer ` ` if history is any guide , dynegy is stingy when it comes to acquisitions , so i don ' t expect them to do anything stupid ' ' such as overpaying for enron , said yanello . ` ` a deal could provide dynegy with tremendous opportunity . ' ' he rates dynegy ` ` strong buy ' ' and doesn ' t own shares of either company . enron chairman and chief executive officer kenneth lay wouldn ' t hold a management position with the combined company under terms being discussed wednesday , the wall street journal reported . he would get a seat on the board , the paper added . chevrontexaco is considering adding $ 1 . 5 billion to the transaction to help enron . it would provide another $ 1 billion when the purchase is closed , the new york times and wall street journal reported . the companies agreed on a breakup fee providing dynegy with about $ 400 million if enron accepts a higher offer , people familiar with the talks said . dynegy spokesman steve stengel , enron spokesman mark palmer and chevrontexaco spokesman fred gorell declined to comment . losing confidence companies that trade natural gas , electricity and other commodities with enron may pull back if enron ' s finances deteriorate to the point that it loses its investment - grade credit rating , investors say . ` ` dynegy has to act fast , ' ' said roger hamilton , a money manager with john hancock advisers inc . , which sold its enron shares in recent weeks . ` ` if enron can ' t get financing and its bonds go to junk , they lose counterparties and their marvelous business vanishes . ' ' moody ' s investors service lowered its rating on enron ' s bonds to ` ` baa 2 ' ' and standard & poor ' s cut the debt to ` ` bbb . ' ' in the past two weeks . federal regulators may overlook antitrust concerns in order to keep enron afloat , hamilton said . sec probe securities regulators are investigating trading by partnerships run by fastow , the former financial director . the entities bought and sold enron shares and assets , with trades costing enron $ 35 million and $ 1 . 2 billion in lost shareholder equity . enron ousted cfo andrew fastow last month . shares of dynegy , the fifth - largest u . s . natural gas marketer , fell $ 3 to $ 33 yesterday , while chevrontexaco rose 48 cents to $ 87 . 28 . enron shares and bonds have tumbled in the past month . one of its bonds , an issue paying 6 . 725 percent that matures in november 2008 , fell to 69 . 11 cents on the dollar , according to bloomberg data , down from 71 . 90 cents yesterday . ` ` we would be very surprised if dynegy buys the whole company , ' ' said tim ghriskey , president of ghriskey capital partners , which doesn ' t own enron or dynegy shares . ` ` all the ( dynegy ) board has to do is look at what ' s happening to their stock price today , and you ' d wonder why they would want to do it in the face of what ' s happening with the stock . ' ' ghriskey made his comments on wednesday . enron meets creditors enron is to meet with j . p . morgan chase & co . , citigroup inc . and other lenders on friday to discuss merger plans and a possible increase in the amount the company pays for existing credit lines , according to bankers familiar with the matter . the company has invited more than 300 creditors to its offices in houston to listen to presentations by enron ' s financial team , led by its new chief financial officer , jeffrey mcmahon , the bankers said . dynegy began in 1985 as natural gas clearinghouse , a gas - trading company . in 1998 , the company took the name dynegy - - a combination of the words dynamic and energy - - to reflect its expansion beyond natural gas . chuck watson , the company ' s president from 1985 , became chairman and chief executive in 1989 . watson is an investor with enron ceo lay in the houston texans , who begin playing in the national football league next year , and is a board member at baker hughes inc . as of an april filing with the sec , watson owned 12 . 3 million dynegy shares , or about 5 . 1 percent of the common stock . - - george stein in new york , ( 212 ) 893 - 3934 reports : dynegy close to deal to buy enron for $ 8 billion 11 / 08 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - dynegy inc . is reportedly in the late stages of discussions with rival enron corp . to buy the embattled energy - trading company for about $ 8 billion in stock , or roughly $ 10 per share . under the terms of the deal , enron would receive an immediate $ 1 . 5 billion cash infusion from oil giant chevron texaco , which holds a 27 percent stake in dynegy , the new york times reported on its web site wednesday night , citing executives close to the discussion . chevron texaco would provide an additional $ 1 billion injection at a later date , the times reported , while dynegy would assume $ 12 . 8 billion in enron debt , plus billions of dollars in other debt that has been kept off the beleaguered company ' s balance sheet and has been a significant contributor to its current problems . enron chairman kenneth lay would not be given any formal management position in the combined company , although he would have a seat on its board , the wall street journal reported , citing people familiar with the matter . the boards of both companies were meeting late wednesday and could announce the deal as early as thursday , although the journal reported that the transaction could still be derailed . enron did not return calls seeking comment . dynegy spokesman steve stengel said the company would not respond to " rumor and speculation . " in wednesday trading , dynegy ' s shares were down $ 3 to close at $ 33 on the new york stock exchange , while enron ' s stock was off 62 cents and closed at $ 9 . 05 . shares of chevrontexaco rose 48 cents to $ 87 . 28 on the nyse . enron ' s stock is off more than 79 percent since oct . 16 , when the company said shareholder equity had been reduced by $ 1 . 2 billion , in part due to partnerships managed by enron ' s former chief financial officer , andrew fastow . at the same time , enron reported a $ 618 million third quarter loss last month , dragged down by a one - time charge of $ 1 . 01 billion attributed to various losses . fastow was ousted a week later . the company ' s financial stability was further weakened after the securities and exchange commission began an inquiry , which was upgraded to a formal investigation , of the partnerships and possible conflicts of interest resulting from them . jeff skilling , enron ' s former chief executive , has been called to testify before the sec , although it remains unclear when that will occur , said denis calabrese , a spokesman for skilling . enron ' s woes have prompted considerable speculation about a possible takeover of the company . before wednesday , companies mentioned as possible suitors included general electric ' s ge capital unit and royal dutch / shell group . duane grubert , an analyst with sanford c . bernstein and co . , said a merger between enron and dynegy makes sense . " i think dynegy could be a very good fit in terms of understanding the merchant business , having a similar culture , " grubert said . " enron was initially proactive at teaming up with non - competitors but once it exhausted that route " it went in another direction . in the past few weeks , enron has cashed in about $ 3 billion in revolving credit it has with various banks to shore up investor confidence . last week , enron secured $ 1 billion in new financing , using some of its natural gas and pipeline assets as collateral . meanwhile , standard & poor ' s corp . on wednesday lowered its ratings on some of enron ' s credit linked notes and placed them on creditwatch . s & p said enron ' s plan to repair its damaged balance sheet through asset sales and other means will be insufficient . moody ' s investors service and fitch inc . have also downgraded the company ' s credit ratings . last week , enron announced it created a special committee headed by university of texas law school dean william powers to respond to the sec investigation . - - - on the net : http : / / www . dynegy . com http : / / www . enron . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . chevrontexaco affiliate dynegy in talks to buy enron for 7 - 8 bln usd - report 11 / 08 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - energy trading and power company dynegy inc , a chevrontexaco corp affiliate , is negotiating to buy enron corp for around 7 - 8 bln usd in stock , the wall street journal reported , quoting people familiar with the matter . because enron needs to shore up its finances now , dynegy also is expected to inject an additional 1 . 5 bln usd into enron immediately , the sources said . chevrontexaco , which holds 26 pct of dynegy , is expected to provide dynegy with the funds for the cash infusion and is playing a significant role in the negotiations . chevrontexaco will inject an additional 1 bln usd into the combined company once the deal is concluded so that its stake in dynegy is not substantially reduced and so the combined company has a healthy balance sheet , the journal said . the boards of dynegy , chevron and enron met yesterday to discuss a deal , but a seesawing enron stock price and the complexity of a transaction yet could derail the transaction , the newspaper added . under the terms being worked out last night , enron chairman kenneth lay would have a seat on the combined company ' s board , but would not hold a formal management position . jms for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 1 - fund alleges fat fees biased andersen on enron . by kevin drawbaugh 11 / 08 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . washington , nov 7 ( reuters ) - enron corp . paid one of the largest audit bills in corporate america last year to arthur andersen , regulatory filings showed on wednesday , as the big five accounting firm faced a lawsuit in oregon alleging its high - priced audit of the battered energy giant was flawed . houston - based enron , rocked by a federal investigation and trading at historic lows , paid arthur andersen $ 52 million last year in audit and non - audit fees , according to enron ' s 2001 proxy filed with the securities and exchange commission . that figure topped the fees paid by all similarly sized utility companies listed along with enron on the dow jones utility index , and all but a handful of the 30 , mostly much larger companies in the dow jones industrial average . the huge revenues taken in by arthur andersen from enron - comprising $ 25 million in audit fees and $ 27 million in other fees - amounted to about $ 1 million a week last year . that rich revenue flow influenced the accounting firm ' s judgment when it came to examining some unusual outside partnership arrangements involving enron now being probed by the sec , alleged a lawsuit filed last week in oregon . the sec declined to comment . " arthur andersen enjoyed a lucrative , long - standing business relationship with enron ' s senior management for which they received millions of dollars , " said the lawsuit filed by the southern electrical retirement fund , an electricians ' pension fund , against enron officers and arthur andersen . " maintaining the client relationship was highly dependent on the individual defendants , particularly enron ' s ceo ( kenneth ) lay , and arthur andersen compromised themselves to do so , " alleged southern electrical , which owns enron shares . a spokesman for arthur andersen said the chicago - based firm had not seen the oregon lawsuit and declined comment . he also declined to comment on the relative size of enron ' s fees . the troubles of enron beginning last month have led to numerous lawsuits against company officers , but the oregon action was the first known to target its auditor , as well . as the first anniversary of the issuance of sec auditor independence rules approaches next week , the enron - arthur andersen relationship was coming under increased scrutiny by regulators , plaintiffs ' attorneys and institutional investors . critics say andersen should have done more arthur andersen should have done more as auditor for enron to alert investors to the outside partnerships that are now being investigated by authorities , accounting experts said . " it certainly has to raise a lot of eyebrows , especially in the independence and objectivity issue , " said jay nisberg , an accounting consultant based in ridgefield , connecticut . arthur andersen should have pushed harder for more and clearer disclosure of the partnerships ' potential for conflicts of interest and financial risk to enron , critics said . enron last month ousted its chief financial officer andrew fastow . he was replaced by another enron executive . fastow was instrumental in setting up and managing the partnerships - ljm 2 co - investment lp and ljm cayman lp - that did complex financial transactions with enron , fastow ' s employer . the transactions were disclosed to enron investors in annual 10 k filings and proxy statements issued in 2000 and 2001 . but andersen should have done more to put the disclosures in plain english and highlight their potential for possible conflicts and risk to enron ' s finances , said critics . " the activities of these particular partnerships and the role of enron in them , it ' s not the kind of thing you stick in the proxy statement at the back somewhere in a series of innocuous paragraphs , " said mark cheffers , who heads accounting consultancy . com in massachusetts . enron - a former natural gas pipeline group that transformed itself into the nation ' s largest energy trader - said last month it was taking a $ 1 billion charge against earnings , as well as cutting shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion largely due to soured transactions with fastow ' s partnerships . enron spokeswoman karen denne has said that arthur andersen knew about the ljm partnerships and " reviewed them to the extent they deemed necessary . " andersen ' s woes with waste management earlier on wednesday , waste management inc . said andersen would pay the firm $ 20 million to settle a professional malpractice suit related to an accounting scandal the garbage hauler was embroiled in more than two years ago . waste management itself agreed to pay $ 457 million to settle a class action lawsuit filed against it related to the scandal and problems that hammered its share price . the impact of the settlement , coupled with criticism of andersen ' s handling of enron , is likely to hurt andersen ' s brand and influence the type of advice and services it provides clients in the future , cheffers said . " it ' s obviously a jolt to their reputation , " he said . " but the bigger question is if they ' re going to reevaluate the advice they give their clients . " in june , arthur andersen was fined $ 7 million by the sec to settle charges it filed false and misleading audit reports of waste management in the largest ever civil penalty against a big five accounting firm , according to the sec . andersen did not admit or deny the charges . ( additional reporting by deepa babington in new york ) . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron ' s power company reverses itself , says it is meeting with indian representatives in singapore by satish nandgaonkar associated press writer 11 / 08 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . bombay , india ( ap ) - the u . s . - based enron corp . ' s power company in india reversed itself and said it was attending meetings in singapore thursday and friday to discuss a negotiated settlement with four indian creditors who had filed suit to demand the stalled dabhol power project resume operations . the dabhol power co . , owned by houston - based enron , said in a statement thursday that it had received assurances late wednesday that the indian government and state lenders " intend to present new proposals at the singapore meeting with respect to a negotiated settlement of this dispute . . . . " enron has objected to previous attempts by some of the parties in the dispute to go to the courts . the dabhol power co . had said wednesday it would skip the meeting to discuss bids by two indian companies to acquire a stake in the troubled dlrs 2 . 9 billion project in maharashtra state . that announcement was made after the state - linked indian lenders asked the bombay high court on wednesday to prevent dabhol power co . from serving a final termination notice and winding up its operations at the 2 , 184 megawatt project on nov . 19 . a preliminary notice was filed earlier this week . indian lenders , including the industrial finance corp . of india . , had asked the court to order work on the project to resume so that the lenders can recover their money . in may , enron stopped construction of the 90 percent completed project - india ' s biggest ever foreign investment - and halted supply of electricity on the portion already finished because the maharashtra state electricity board said it could no longer afford the fees it agreed to pay when the contract was signed seven years ago . " upon personal requests from senior representatives of the government of india and the indian banks , ( dabhol ) agreed to attend the meetings in singapore on nov . 8 and 9 to discuss an amicable resolution of the dabhol issue , " the company said in thursday ' s statement . meanwhile , the court case was due to come up for a hearing on friday in bombay . indian lenders ' exposure in the power project is estimated to 61 billion rupees ( dlrs 1 . 3 billion ) , while enron and its partners , general electric and bechtel corp . , say they have invested dlrs 1 billion . ( str / lak ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron india unit ' s lenders issue court challenge to prevent project pullout 11 / 08 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd bombay ( afx ) - a consortium of lenders to enron corp ' s indian unit , dabhol power co , asked the bombay high court to prevent the unit from pulling out of a 2 . 9 bln usd energy project , the new york times reported . the consortium , led by the industrial development bank of india , sought a stay on the final termination notice and stopping the transfer of dabhol ' s assets . in response , dabhol canceled a meeting with the indian lenders scheduled for later this week . on tuesday , enron said it would serve a final termination notice to officially close the power project in western maharashtra state after nov 19 , when a six - month deadline for resolving a payment dispute ends . enron holds a 65 pct stake in dabhol . jms for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dabhol pwr co confirms creditors mtg in singapore thu 11 / 08 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 65 - 415 - 4066 ; sri . jegarajah @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india : enron not to move on termination till friday 11 / 08 / 2001 business line ( the hindu ) fin . times info ltd - asia africa intel wire . business line ( the hindu ) copyright ( c ) 2001 kasturi & sons ltd . all rights res ' d mumbai , nov . 7 the enron - promoted dabhol power company ( dpc ) today agreed before the mumbai high court not to take any steps towards termination till friday when the court would hear arguments on a joint petition filed by the lenders , idbi , icici , ifci and sbi . meanwhile , a multilateral meeting scheduled to be held in singapore on november 8 and 9 to sort out issues on the dabhol project has been called off . according to dpc , the cancellation followed the legal action taken by indian lenders . the company stated that it would " not take any steps pursuant to the preliminary termination notices ( ptn ) issued on may 19 and september 10 and the asset transfer notice issued on november 5 until friday evening . " mr justice j . a . patil has posted the petition for hearing on friday . the dpc managing director , mr k . wade cline , in a communication to the idbi chairman , mr p . p . vora , and the icici executive director , mr s . mukherji , said the legal action by the indian institutions was an effort to prevent dpc ' s foreign investors from exercising their previously agreed contractual rights . he said dpc was amazed at the fis ' move to file the suit when they and the centre had specifically requested meetings with enron in singapore and washington dc to discuss an " amicable " solution of the dabhol issue . in a sudden move yesterday , the indian lenders - idbi , icici , ifci and state bank of india - filed a suit in the mumbai high court seeking a stay on termination proceedings by dpc . mr harish salve , counsel for the lenders , told the court today that the institutions had no way to protect their security other than approach the court . the lenders want the court to stay the termination process and also a direction to re - start the first phase of the project which has been mothballed following the spat between dpc and maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) . mr salve told the court that the indian lenders had put in more than rs 6 , 000 crore , either through direct lending or guarantees , into the project . the lenders are caught between mseb , which has " repudiated " the power purchase agreement ( ppa ) , and dpc , which is proceeding " as per the ppa " . on november 19 , a six - month " cooling " period after the serving of the first ptn expires , and dpc becomes eligible to serve the final termination notice ( ftn ) as per the ppa . a third - party sale of the plant would not be possible once the company serves the ftn and mseb would be obliged to take over the plant . as per the ppa , in such a situation , mseb has to pay back the entire debt upfront . in the current circumstances , this is near - impossible , especially since mseb would not agree to the transfer of assets as it does not acknowledge the ppa . fis fear that the company would serve the ftn any time after november 19 . if it does , the chances of tata power or bses ltd - currently the only two contenders for the project - acquiring the project may vanish . our bureau copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dabhol agrees to meet fis after a day - long drama our bureaux mumbai 11 / 08 / 2001 business standard 2 copyright ( c ) business standard in a day of dramatic developments , the enron - promoted dabhol power company ( dpc ) initially decided against attending a meeting convened by the indian financial institutions in singapore in retaliation to a case lodged against it at the bombay high court , but subsequently , reversed its stand . " the indian government and the institutions informed us that there will be a new proposal from the latter to buy enron ' s equity in dabhol power company , " said a senior official of dpc . fi sources , though , confirmed that dpc representatives had agreed to attend the meeting in singapore , but denied that they had agreed to come up with a new proposal to buy enron ' s equity . " it is going to be a closed door meeting where various issues will be discussed , " they said , but declined to reveal further details . earlier in the day , dpc had issued a statement saying that it had called off the scheduled meeting with the indian financial institutions in singapore on thursday and friday following a case lodged in the bombay high court by the latter . indian financial institutions and banks had filed a case in the high court pleading for an injunction against dpc . they had asked the court to restrain dpc from serving the final termination notice to the maharashtra state electricity board ( mseb ) . earlier this week , dpc had served a transfer of assets notice , thereby , setting the stage for serving the final termination notice . tata power and bses , the two companies which have evinced keen interest in buying enron ' s 65 per cent stake in dpc , are also slated to attend the meeting . the proposals of these two companies are likely to be discussed at the meeting . earlier , dpc had said it was " disappointed " with the legal action taken by the indian lenders . dpc had also expressed surprise that the legal action had been initiated on the eve of prime minister atal behari vajpayee ' s visit to the us . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy holds talks to buy enron , inject $ 1 . 5 billion to shore up firm 11 / 07 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) dynegy inc . , the houston - based energy trading and power company , was attempting to strike a deal wednesday evening to buy enron corp . , its beleaguered hometown rival , for $ 7 billion to $ 8 billion in stock , the wall street journal reported . because any merger of the two would likely be scrutinized for many months and enron ( ene ) needs to shore up its beleaguered finances now , dynegy ( dyn ) also is expected to inject $ 1 . 5 billion into enron immediately , people familiar with the matter said . chevrontexaco corp . ( cvx ) , which owns a 26 % stake in dynegy , is expected to provide dynegy with the funds for the cash infusion and is playing a significant role in the negotiations . chevrontexaco then will inject another $ 1 billion into the combined company once the deal is concluded so that its stake in dynegy isn ' t substantially reduced . under the terms being worked out wednesday night , enron chairman kenneth lay would have a seat on the combined company ' s board , but wouldn ' t hold any formal management position , said the people familiar with the matter . mr . lay may take on a consulting role . the boards of dynegy , chevron and enron were meeting wednesday to discuss a potential deal , but a seesawing enron stock price and the complexity of a transaction yet could derail a deal , people familiar with the matter warned . several important points , including the exchange ratio , were still being worked out , but dynegy is expected to pay a very modest premium for enron ' s stock , arguing that enron shareholders will benefit from the upside of combining the two companies . enron also is expected thursday to disclose more financial dealings about the controversial partnerships . spokesmen from enron and dynegy declined to comment . if approved by regulators , the deal would be a stunning development for enron , which transformed itself from a staid natural - gas - pipeline company into a highflying power trading giant only to see its share price - - and hefty market valuation - - plummet in a matter of weeks . enron has been scrambling for days to line up quick financing from a prominent outside investor and has been in discussions with private - equity firms and power - trading companies . the company desperately needs to win back its credibility on wall street following the disclosure that the securities and exchange commission was investigating the partnerships created to serve as a hedge against fluctuating market conditions . discussions between dynegy and enron began about 10 days ago , but intensified last weekend . should enron strike a deal , it hopes to stabilize its stock price . enron fell 6 . 4 % , or 62 cents , to $ 9 . 05 at 4 p . m . composite trading on the new york stock exchange . at one point wednesday morning , enron ' s stock had fallen 25 % on news reports that enron ' s efforts to line up investors had failed . the stock recovered after cnbc and dow jones newswires reported the talks with dynegy . the shares are at a new 52 - week low and far from the 52 - week high of $ 84 . 88 . dynegy fell $ 3 , or 8 . 3 % , to $ 33 , at 4 p . m . in big board trading . however , some investors believed the company ' s share price could benefit from the deal . copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy reportedly close to deal to buy enron for $ 8 billion 11 / 07 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - dynegy inc . was reportedly in the late stages of discussions wednesday night with rival enron corp . to buy the embattled energy - trading company for about $ 8 billion in stock , or roughly $ 10 per share . under the terms of the deal , enron would receive an immediate $ 1 . 5 billion cash infusion from oil giant chevron texaco , which holds a 27 percent stake in dynegy , the new york times reported on its web site , citing executives close to the discussion . chevron texaco would provide an additional $ 1 billion injection at a later date , the times reported , while dynegy would assume $ 12 . 8 billion in enron debt , plus billions of dollars in other debt that has been kept off the beleaguered company ' s balance sheet and has been a significant contributor to its current problems . enron chairman kenneth lay would not be given any formal management position in the combined company , although he would have a seat on its board , the wall street journal reported , citing people familiar with the matter . the boards of both companies were meeting late wednesday and could announce the deal as early as thursday , although the journal reported that the transaction could still be derailed . enron did not return calls seeking comment . dynegy spokesman steve stengel said the company would not respond to " rumor and speculation . " in wednesday trading , dynegy ' s shares were down $ 3 to close at $ 33 on the new york stock exchange , while enron ' s stock was off 62 cents and closed at $ 9 . 05 . shares of chevrontexaco rose 48 cents to $ 87 . 28 on the nyse . enron ' s stock is off more than 79 percent since oct . 16 , when the company said shareholder equity had been reduced by $ 1 . 2 billion , in part due to partnerships managed by enron ' s former chief financial officer , andrew fastow . at the same time , enron reported a $ 618 million third quarter loss last month , dragged down by a one - time charge of $ 1 . 01 billion attributed to various losses . fastow was ousted a week later . the company ' s financial stability was further weakened after the securities and exchange commission began an inquiry , which was upgraded to a formal investigation , of the partnerships and possible conflicts of interest resulting from them . jeff skilling , enron ' s former chief executive , has been called to testify before the sec , although it remains unclear when that will occur , said denis calabrese , a spokesman for skilling . enron ' s woes have prompted considerable speculation about a possible takeover of the company . before wednesday , companies mentioned as possible suitors included general electric ' s ge capital unit and royal dutch / shell group . duane grubert , an analyst with sanford c . bernstein and co . , said a merger between enron and dynegy makes sense . " i think dynegy could be a very good fit in terms of understanding the merchant business , having a similar culture , " grubert said . " enron was initially proactive at teaming up with non - competitors but once it exhausted that route " it went in another direction . in the past few weeks , enron has cashed in about $ 3 billion in revolving credit it has with various banks to shore up investor confidence . last week , enron secured $ 1 billion in new financing , using some of its natural gas and pipeline assets as collateral . meanwhile , standard & poor ' s corp . on wednesday lowered its ratings on some of enron ' s credit linked notes and placed them on creditwatch . s & p said enron ' s plan to repair its damaged balance sheet through asset sales and other means will be insufficient . moody ' s investors service and fitch inc . have also downgraded the company ' s credit ratings . last week , enron announced it created a special committee headed by university of texas law school dean william powers to respond to the sec investigation . - - - on the net : http : / / www . dynegy . com http : / / www . enron . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : wrapup 2 - enron , dynegy in merger talks . by andrew kelly 11 / 07 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 7 ( reuters ) - dynegy inc . is in talks to buy troubled enron corp . in a deal that would involve a stock swap and a $ 1 . 5 billion capital infusion from chevrontexaco , which has a big stake in dynegy , a source close to the talks said on wednesday . the deal , which could be announced officially this week , was expected to give what the source called a " modest premium " to enron shareholders , whose stock has plummeted in value as a fast - moving financial crisis enveloped the company . for dynegy , the merger would catapult it to the top of the energy trading industry now dominated by enron . last year , the company had $ 29 billion in revenues , compared to $ 100 billion for enron . for enron , it would cap an astonishingly rapid fall from grace for a company that not long ago was ballyhooed as one of the world ' s most innovative , not to mention profitable . the source said the form of chevrontexaco ' s capital infusion was not yet clear . chevron , which recently merged with texaco , was one of dynegy ' s founding investors and still owns 26 . 5 percent of the company . stock hammered enron has seen its stock hammered and credit ratings lowered in recent weeks after reporting its first quarterly loss in four years and taking a $ 1 . 2 billion equity writedown linked to financial transactions under investigation by the u . s . securities and exchange commission . enron shares , which traded as high as $ 90 in august of last year , dropped to a 10 - year - low of $ 7 during wednesday ' s trading session before rallying on news of the dynegy talks . the stock ended down 62 cents at $ 9 . 05 on volume of 72 . 4 million shares , the day ' s most active issue on the new york stock exchange . dynegy stock fell $ 3 to $ 33 . enron , the nation ' s largest trader of natural gas and electricity , has been under fire for failing to explain off - balance sheet transactions conducted with partnerships run by ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow . investors said they reeked of conflict of interest and demanded a full explanation they never got . fastow left the company last month in what has become a growing line of high - profile departures from enron , topped by the august resignation of chief executive jeff skilling after just six months on the job . the crisis has undermined confidence in enron ' s financial stability , which in turn has forced the company to seek cash and credit to back the energy trading operations that provide most of its revenue and earnings . the new york times said on wednesday enron had approached at least a dozen buyout firms and investor warren buffett , chairman of berkshire hathaway inc . . , but none took the bait . analysts have said would - be investors are wary because no one knows what financial liabilities , if any , lurk in enron ' s labyrinthine books . firesale but andre meade of commerzbank securities said the firesale price for enron apparently was too attractive to pass up . " certainly , enron at $ 9 a share appeals to some energy companies . dynegy appears to be one of them and is looking at putting something together , " he said . in contrast to dynegy , rival el paso corp . said on wednesday it wanted no part of enron , except perhaps for a few hard assets . el paso also said enron was perhaps neither as big or important to markets as analysts believe . " if enron goes away , which we don ' t think is going to happen and we hope it doesn ' t happen , we don ' t see the market missing a beat , frankly , " ralph eads , head of el paso ' s merchant energy business , told a meeting of analysts . eads said el paso calculates that enron accounts for about 10 percent of trading in u . s . wholesale gas and power , well below the 25 percent usually attributed to them by analysts . at least one company , apache corp . , said it ended some hedging agreements because of concerns about increasing risk in the energy derivatives market caused by the enron crisis . pat wood , chairman of the federal energy regulatory commission , told reporters the agency was keeping an eye on the markets , watching for an enron effect . " we ' re watching the impact that enron or any other firm would have on the overall workings of the market , but we ' re not intervening where other agencies have jurisdiction , " he said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones bloomberg says chevron , which has a 27 % stake in dynegy , will add $ 1 . 5 billion to the deal . the deal is expected to be a stock swap at a small premium to enron ' s wednesday closing price of $ 9 . 05 . enron was off 7 cents in after - hours trading while dynegy was up 34 cents , to $ 33 . 34 . a merger would amount to a rescue of houston energy - trading giant enron , whose stock has plunged nearly 90 % in recent weeks after the company revealed that a shadowy deal caused a $ 1 . 2 billion hit to equity . the controversial deal is under investigation by the securities and exchange commission and has led to the ousting of the company ' s cfo , andrew fastow . the deluge of bad news has prompted other energy companies to reduce their dealings with enron , a serious development for a trading company . dynegy ' s board was meeting wednesday afternoon to discuss the merger , while enron ' s board was scheduled to consider the combination wednesday evening . a dynegy spokesman declined to comment , citing a company policy of not commenting on market rumors . enron spokespersons did not return calls . chevron declined to comment . chevron ' s involvement appears critical if the deal is to gain the approval of rating agencies . dynegy ' s balance sheet is not strong enough to acquire enron on its own . therefore , chevron is expected to raise its stake in dynegy and possibly make an immediate cash infusion into enron . the size of any infusions will be a good indication of how bad things have gotten at enron . with the stock plummeting and enron facing a mounting debt crisis - - $ 12 billion in direct debt and nearly $ 9 billion in potential liabilities from affiliates - - the company is running out of options . it recently drew down about $ 3 billion in existing credit lines and gained an additional $ 1 billion in credit secured by its pipeline business . enron debt has been downgraded in recent days by the three main credit - rating agencies . sources say a number of potential investors have been approached - - from warren buffett ' s berkshire hathaway ( brka : nyse - news - commentary ) to royal dutch / shell ( rd : nyse adr - news - commentary ) - - with little success . ? ? general electric ' s ( ge : nyse - news - commentary ) capital division is said to have held multiple talks with enron with no resolution . ? dynegy may be motivated by its significant exposure to enron . if enron had failed , dynegy could have faced serious disruption and large losses because the two firms are trading partners on a number of contracts . in such a relationship , dynegy could have contracts to purchase a commodity like power or natural gas from enron and be committed to sell that commodity to another buyer . if enron failed to deliver , the domino effect could have a significant economic impact on dynegy . while other energy trading firms have exposure , sources speculate dynegy ' s exposure is more significant than its peers . ? enron was down as much as 20 % during the day . dynegy stock was off 8 % in the regular session , while its bonds also skidded on rumors of a deal . ? ? ? azurix corp . closes sale of azurix north america ? ? 11 / 07 / 2001 ? pr newswire ? ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , pr newswire ) ? ? houston , nov . 7 / prnewswire / - - azurix corp . announced today that it has completed the sale of its wholly owned subsidiaries , azurix north america corp . and azurix industrial corp . , to american water works company , inc . the contract price , payable in cash , is $ 141 . 5 million , subject to customary adjustments . the sale also includes american water works assuming $ 6 . 1 million of debt . ? " this transaction demonstrates the progress we are making in our previously announced decision to sell certain azurix assets , " said john garrison , azurix president and ceo . " even though it no longer fits our plans , azurix north america is an excellent business and we are pleased that its employees and operations are being taken on by american water works , a clear industry leader . " ? azurix corp . , an affiliate of enron corp . , is a global company that owns , operates and manages water and wastewater assets , and provides water and wastewater related services . ? with revenues of $ 1 . 5 billion , american water works company is the nation ' s largest publicly traded enterprise devoted exclusively to the water and wastewater business . its 6 , 300 associates provide ongoing water resource management services to businesses and communities in 27 u . s . states and three canadian provinces . more information can be found on the web at www . amwater . com . ? make your opinion count - click here ? http : / / tbutton . prnewswire . com / prn / 11690 x 27241226 ? ? ? / contact : john ambler of azurix corp . , + 1 - 713 - 646 - 6423 / 19 : 00 est ? copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ? ? ? 
2	Subject: re : hib visa application - sevil yaman margaret , thanks for reminding me this issue . i think i ' ll be fine until i start full time here in the research group . as you know right now i am using curricular practical training as work permission . and until i graduate i am allowed do as many as part time cpt i want to do . because of tax purposes i think i ' ll use this right given to me . in this case , what i need to do is that after i and vince make sure about my full time start date ( this may happen in the beginning of 2002 ) , i ' ll let you know and send you the necessary document you require to initiate my hlb visa application process . thanks again . sevil , margaret daffin @ ect 25 - 04 - 2001 12 : 04 to : sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron cc : norma villarreal / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ramona perkins / enron @ enronxgate subject : hib visa application - sevil yaman sevil : please let me know when you will be sending me the information for your hib visa ? thanks margaret - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by margaret daffin / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001 12 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - margaret daffin 04 / 10 / 2001 04 : 04 pm to : sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron cc : norma villarreal / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ramona perkins / enron @ enronxgate subject : hib visa application - sevil yaman sevil : in order that we may proceed with your request for permanent residency , our immigration attorneys have advised us that we need to process the hib visa , prior to the permanent residency application . therefore , i am attaching an hib visa questionnaire that i would like you to complete and return to me , together with copies of all of the documents listed at the bottom of the form . please bring these to me in 3 ac 2026 a . please let me know if you have any questions at x 55083 . thank you margaret 
2	Subject: register for the next txu capacity auction ! register for the next txu energy capacity auction ! new registration due date is february 11 , 2002 ! txu energy is again conducting an electric capacity auction in ercot . this auction will consist of monthly capacity blocks for the prime months of may through august . 600 megawatts will be available on a monthly basis . bidders may choose among four types of electric generation , to be auctioned in 25 megawatt blocks : 1 . base - load fossil and nuclear options 2 . intermediate natural gas options 3 . cyclic natural gas options 4 . peaking natural gas options . everyone wishing to participate must register , even if you registered before ! to establish your eligibility to bid in the auction , go to www . txu . com / capacityauction to obtain credit documents ( appendix 4 ) . if you were a successful bidder in the previous auction you may also register at www . captrades . com . the registration deadline is monday february 11 , 2002 at 5 pm central . all applications must be received via email or mail by the deadline . this email has been sent to michelle . lokay @ enron . com at your request , by powermarketers . com . visit our subscription center to edit your interests or unsubscribe . view our privacy policy : http : / / ccprod . roving . com / roving / ccprivacypolicy . jsp powered by constant contact ( r ) www . constantcontact . com 
2	Subject: re : award winning final notification . from the desk of the vice president international promotion / prize award . spanish global lottery s . a calle n? 42 / b jose maria , 28922 madrid spain . bacth no : lmsp / 82255742 / 33 ref no : lmsp / 7393794 / 33 re : award winning final notification . this is to inform you of the release of the global lottery international / world gaming board . held on the 30 / 04 / 2005 . due to the mix of number , the result was released on the 3 / 05 / 2005 . your name was attached to the ticket number 00788769 serial number 0980978 - 0 drew lucky numbers of 1 - 3 - 19 . which consequently won the lottery in the 2 nd category . you have therefore been approved for the lump sum payment of 1 . 500 . 000 . 00 euros . ( one million five hundred thousand euros ) in cash credited to file with ref no : lmsp / 7393794 / 33 . congratulation ! ! ! due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask thatyou keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol advise to avoid double claim and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from only microsoft users from 20 , 000 companies , and 3 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place every three years . to begin your lottery claim , please contact the processing company that have been appointed for the processing of your lottery winning . the person appointed to handle your processing and releasing of your prize money is agent : christopher cook . director operation of securities and exchange commission s . a madrid spain . address : c / jaun carlos n? 47 , 28100 madrid spain . telephone : + 34 656 360 565 . fax : + 34 656 655 933 . email : sec _ madridspaino 5 @ yahoo . es note : all the winners must register for their claim in the spanish high court through their claim agent , before payment will be made . any claim not made in two weeks from this date , will be returned as unclaimed to the ministerial van de economia spain and all unclaimed winnings will be included in the next stake . also in order to avoid unnecessary delay and complications , remember to quote your reference and batch numbers on all your correspondence with agent christopher cook and please follow all his instruction religiously . furthermore , should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as possible . congratulations once more from all our staff and thank you for being part of our promotional program . thanks , maria c . carlos .  
2	Subject: fw : imbalances , and a / r fyi - sally - bob and / or i will keep you posted on how we get on . it may be a better outcome if we can sell our imbalances to aep as we will have a hard time resolving them after the close . brian - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wallis , janet h . sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 8 : 27 am to : gottlob , edward ; lamphier , gary ; villarreal , elsa ; farmer , daren j . ; papayoti , lee ; redmond , brian ; hall , bob ; baxter , bryce ; martin , thomas a . subject : bad debt two ( the sequel ) team , during out meeting on thursday , we decided that we would meet once a week in brian redmond ' s conference room . everyone with outstanding receivables is invited ( that is a nice way of saying mandatory ) . brian would like for us to meet every week until the receivables balance is at zero . thanks next meeting time is : wednesday the 18 th 4 : 00 conference room 3567 ed , below are the outstanding transportation receivables . mitchell gas services , lp 96 , 960 dynegy marketing 7 trade 118 , 892 exxon company usa 73 , 892 entex gas marketing 58 , 127 pg & e texas industrial energy . lp 200 , 456 
2	Subject:  ? us - ascii ? q ? modem _ router _ adsl _ zyxel _ - _ 645 r - al _ o _ 650 r - 31 _ - _ $ 12 ?   ? us - ascii ? q ? 5  2 e _ dskfke 3948 ?  no te cobramos la configuracion - es decir te ahorras $ 20 . - compra seguro - compra a un mercadolider modem router para cualquier adsl - zyxel prestige nuevos - original como vienen de fabrica para cualquier compania telefonica podes compartir internet con hasta 254 pc ? s ( no se necesita una pc encendida para navegar , prendes la pc y salis navegando ! ! ! ) la caja contiene : 1 - modem zyxel prestige modelo 645 r - al o 650 r - 31 ( varia segun stock , la unica diferencia que trae el 650 r - 31 es una consola serial que en argentina jamas se uso y jamas sera usada ) 2 - transformador ( 220 v ) 3 - cable patch cord rj - 45 4 - manual de usuario / manual de usuario en cd 5 - microfiltro para adsl ( ultimo modelo del mercado http : / / www . my - eshop . com . ar / ) - > ! ! ! de regalo ! ! ! 6 - garantia de 3 meses . lo pueden retirar en llavallol ( lomas de zamora ) / trabajamos contrareembolso y tambien por previo deposito bancario . todos los equipos han sido testeados y los mismos funcionan de manera correcta . si lo queres configurado como router no te cobro ! ! ! nada ! ! ! . lo entrego configurado para cualquier proovedor de internet del pais y para cualquier compania de telefonos ya sea telefonica o telecom . su consulta no nos molesta . precio de un switche encore de 8 puertos u $ s 29 . escribanos haciendo su pedido a : pedidos _ zyxel @ yahoo . com . ar mas informacion en : http : / / www . my - eshop . com . ar metodo de entrega : contrareembolso : se le pagara al correo al recibir el paquete un total de $ 145 , 60 que ya inclusye el envio y el 4 % que cobra el correo argentino de comision . ( $ 125 + 15 de envio + 4 % que cobra el correo argentino de comision ) . previo deposito bancario o transferencia bancaria : en mi caja de ahorros del banco rio , el importe a pagar sera de $ 140 ( $ 125 + $ 15 del envio ) retiro en domicilio : solamente se cobrara : $ 125 ( el valor del modem ) . el tiempo de entrega aproximado es de 72 horas , por el correo argentino o bien , puede ser por alguna empresa de micro , que puede ser aclarado por el comprador o bien un envio rapido que tarde 24 horas por el correo argentino y tiene un costo de $ 30 . el costo del envio por correo argentino es para cualquier parte del pais , es un precio fijo y que puede variar en caso de que el correo argentino asi lo hiciera . tenemos gran variedad de modem en stock , consulte sin compromiso la marca que desea . recuerde visitar nuestros restantes productos a la venta a travez de la siguiente direccion : http : / / www . my - eshop . com . ar / 
2	Subject: independent variables for ene regressions brad , as we discussed , it ' s very difficult to find drivers of the ene stock ' s behaviours . we investigated about 30 comparable stocks , 10 capital market indices , and three energy commodity indices . regular regressions as well as regressions with different legs and leads were performed . some variables show significant correlated with ene stock during particular time periods , but most of those correlation disappears when we tested them over different or longer time periods . only two variables , s & p utility index ( spxu ) and dow jones utility index ( util ) , show stable and significant relationship with ene stock ( a summary of these relationship can be found in the attached file " outputsummary " ) . but as you can see , the r 2 are below 30 % . also , the ? durbin - watson statistics tell us to be careful about autocorrelation . ? basically , the regression analysis so far confirms our original opinion - - ? it ' s hard , if not impossible , to find out any real driver of the ene stock . ? after enron added new core business several month ago , the stock behaved more ? or less like a tele _ comm stock , which suggests that enron stock has entered ? into a new phase . to capture , at least trying to capture , its ? characteristics in the new phase , we need a lit bit more time to cumulate the ? market date . ? ? let me know if you need me investigate more variables or you come up with ? some new thoughts . ? ? ? ? vincent ? ? 
2	Subject: competitive analysis retention list : 11 / 21 john and louise , to minimize confusion , these are the individuals that i have earmarked for retention in my group : a . ena 1 . tholan , scott 2 . johnston , robert 3 . landry , kimberly 4 . walsh , kristin 5 . purswell , sharon ( admin assistant . added her for help in group layoffs and ongoing billing ) 6 . schlesinger , judy ( esource / research ) b . the " tac group " ( to be settled separately ) 1 . clark , chris 2 . mihura , brian 3 . sugiura , junichi 4 . loup , jason 5 . boehm , richard 6 . orbeck , dan 7 . chancey , donald 8 . kooser , kenneth 9 . wingo , angie ( also , two temporary workers are being retained ) c . ees 1 . golden , kevin d . egm ( " future termination " status , 30 - 90 days , to support oil trading ) 1 . seigle , clayton e . fallon ( jim is retaining this guy for himself for his use in the layoffs ) 1 . mcguinness , francis 
2	Subject: checklist for negotiated rate deals here is a checklist for negotiated rate deals . it basically just states in writing the procedures we ' ve discussed . one exception : elizabeth , linda and michelle , please note that we ' ve decided reference to sheets nos . 5 b . 05 , et seq . is sufficient . if you have questions please let me know . thanks ! susan ( x 30596 ) 
2	Subject: salary adjustments for promoted employees please contact me to determine the salary adjustment that you want to give to your newly promoted employee . if the employee has been promoted out of your department but is still within ena please pass this e - mail to their current department head . i am still missing salary adjustments for 9 employees and i am not able to present the aggregate amounts to the head of the business unit for final review . you can reach me at ext . 36703 at your convenience . thanks for your help in this matter , hgm 
2	Subject: fw : chevron phillips chemical co . , lp ( hplc 04 / 01 sales / buyback ) daren - please see my e - mail to julie below . can you change the price for me ? thanks ! tess - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ray , tess sent : monday , may 21 , 2001 2 : 36 pm to : meyers , julie subject : fw : chevron phillips chemical co . , lp ( hplc 04 / 01 sales / buyback ) importance : high julie - need price correction for 04 / 01 / 01 - 04 / 30 / 01 for deal # 413462 to agree with info from lee below . currently , deal shows for 04 / 01 first 10 , 000 / d @ hsc _ flw + 1 high gdp dh . sitara audit shows dfarmer changed price on 05 / 08 / 01 / thanks ! tess - - - - - original message - - - - - from : meyers , julie sent : tuesday , may 08 , 2001 11 : 01 am to : ray , tess subject : re : chevron phillips chemical co . , lp ( hplc 04 / 01 sales / buyback ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by julie meyers / hou / ect on 05 / 08 / 2001 10 : 57 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : lee l papayoti on 05 / 07 / 2001 04 : 54 pm to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : chevron phillips chemical co . , lp ( hplc 04 / 01 sales / buyback ) sa 413462 is not the buyback , it ' s the swing . . . the first 10 , 000 / d under sa 413462 should be hsc _ flw + 1 high gdp d . a . anything over 10 , 000 / d should be hsc _ flw + 2 high gdp da this is for all months from octo 0 to sepol julie meyers 05 / 07 / 2001 04 : 43 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : chevron phillips chemical co . , lp ( hplc 04 / 01 sales / buyback ) what do you think ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by julie meyers / hou / ect on 05 / 07 / 2001 04 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : tess ray / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 07 / 2001 02 : 58 pm to : daren j farmer / enron @ enronxgate cc : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect subject : chevron phillips chemical co . , lp ( hplc 04 / 01 sales / buyback ) darren - please advise on the 04 / 01 price for sales deal # sa 413462 on this buyback ( swing deal ) . the contract shows the price for 04 / 01 should be the same price as shown for 03 / 01 & 05 / 01 ( i . e . 04 / 01 price for deal # sa 413462 should be : 10 , 000 @ hsc _ flw + 1 high gdp d . a . & 11 , 000 @ hsc _ flw + 2 high gdp da ) . thanks ! tess ray tess . ray @ enron . com contract accountant , gas settlements ( sales ) houston pipe line co . 1201 louisiana , la 1524 b houston , tx . 77002 tel : 713 - 571 - 3274 fax : 713 - 646 - 8875  
2	Subject: tenaska iv 10 / 00 we have actuals . the larger of the two volumes is 1 , 395 , 000 , which is 45 , 000 / day , so the demand rate in deal 514353 is fine . i am having a problem , though , with the way it is coming to settlements . it is showing up with a jan 2003 delivery date . i think the demand fee needs to be on 10 / 1 only . right now , it is on a line with a date of 10 / 1 / 00 to 12 / 31 / 36 . i think this is confusing the system some how . also , we still need the purchase deal for tenaska iv . it should be for a demand fee of $ 2 , 571 , 135 . 73 booked to the cleburne desk . we actually owe $ 1 , 798 , 389 . 73 , but i need to net the tenaska iv sales with the purchase to clear those receivables . james is calling me every day asking for an update . do you know when we will be able to get this in the system ? i have attached my spreadsheet so you can see the numbers . megan 
2	Subject: enjoy the new dating era ! no more nonsense searching ! i live in south america and this whole circle site that i just found covers the entire planet and has so many lady members its not even funny ! search for a girl , by hair color , blue eyes , whatever you want and im sure she ' ll want to have some fun ! check it out or the better ones will go away ! http : / / www . datrx . com / extra / xxxpersonals / wait no more , get a nice nickname and start dating rmvnow .  
2	Subject: asset swaps vs cds ' s - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bryan seyfried / lon / ect on 30 / 03 / 2001 17 : 12 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - martin mcdermott 23 / 03 / 2001 18 : 47 to : john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect , bryan seyfried / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : asset swaps vs cds ' s john , i haven ' t had much time to put something together on this issue . fundamentally both instruments represent the same credit risk , i . e . same credit events and contingent payments , both represent senior unsecured credit risk . the differences in pricing therefore arise purely from supply and demand . one would expect generally that the asset swap would be lower than the cds because of liquidity : there are only so many bonds out there , and so demand for asset swaps is limited . i am attaching a one page note by jp morgan where they claim that one of the principal reasons for the cds to be more expensive is people hedging convertible bonds by combining ( 1 ) a call option on the equity and ( 2 ) a cds . if the call is cheap they will be willing to pay more for the cds , driving the price up . i ' ll try to synthesize something more complete next week . cheers martin 
2	Subject: i think we need to have a quick conversation when you have a minute 
2	Subject: enron / mg spain meeting details of a meeting between anthony key , enron financial operations remote offices , and cristopher cancho , mg spain , to review mg ' s spanish operations , can be found on s : \ mg \ administration \ meeting reports \ enron - mgspain meeting - 14 th june 2000 . doc 
2	Subject: government guarantees your success earn 15 % - 300 % interest on your money guaranteed by the government ! government secured tax cerificates provide : the highest guaranteed interest returns compared to any other investment . a return up to 100 times your money backed by government secured property . security in your investment that the stock market cannot compare to . real estate for pennies on the dollar ! america ' s largest single source of information / education for the government tax industry . celebrating over 12 years of providing quality , leading edge education for the serious entrepreneur & investor . receive your free video of " insider secrets of investing in government secured tax certificates . " ( over 90 min . of inside strategies , a $ 3995 value ) fill out the no obligation form below for more information . required input field * name * state * day phone * night phone best time to contact morning afternoon evening e - mail address * objective secured investments business opp new careerall of the above * all tax liens and deeds directly support local fire departments , police departments , schools , roads , and hospitals . thank you for your interest and support . to be removed , please click here .  
2	Subject: fw : weather update - - - - - original message - - - - - from : shively , hunter s . sent : thursday , january 31 , 2002 11 : 41 am to : lavorato , john subject : weather update robert ricks - lead forecaster nws slidell , la arriving on tuesday or wednesday for interviews liz taylor is coordinating travel plans mike gasper - reliant forecaster , 10 years experience , dave knows him from accu - weather dave ryan is meeting with him this afternoon to determine if he will interview next week paul pastelok - accu - weather he has interest and asked that dave call him this weekend about details . chris hyde - earth sat he has interest and asked that dave call him this weekend about details . matt rogers - earth sat on vacation this week . dave is going to call him on monday bill read - lead forecaster nws houston he has interest and jay is trying to set up an off site meeting for you or me . kevin stenson - weather channel forecaster friends with steven bennett he has interest and asked that steve call him this weekend about details . i will attempt to gain access to him outside of steve . 
2	Subject: enron kids meeting & training if you would like to volunteer to man the sign up table during the " adoption " process , please attend the meeting below . the enron kids program could really use the help . thanks kh - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin hyatt / et & s / enron on 11 / 01 / 2000 11 : 02 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - teresa mcomber 10 / 31 / 2000 05 : 06 pm to : albert hernandez / et & s / enron @ enron , daryl kitchen / fgt / enron @ enron , sharon stringfellow / hou / ect @ ect , geneva davis / corp / enron @ enron , dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , lesli campbell / hou / ect @ ect , ladonna avery / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia casey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , lillian villarreal / corp / enron @ enron , pamela rush / corp / enron @ enron , cassandra s dutton / hou / ect @ ect , teresa mcomber / et & s / enron @ enron , albert hernandez / et & s / enron @ enron , cassandra s dutton / hou / ect @ ect , daryl kitchen / fgt / enron @ enron , emitra nelson / corp / enron @ enron , ruth mann / et & s / enron @ enron , sharon stringfellow / hou / ect @ ect , sharron westbrook / corp / enron @ enron , geneva davis / corp / enron @ enron , elsie lew / hou / ect @ ect , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine becker / hou / ect @ ect , alma carrillo / et & s / enron @ enron , missy stevens / corp / enron @ enron , dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron , lesli campbell / hou / ect @ ect , shannon cobb / corp / enron @ enron , rebecca ford / hou / ect @ ect , bradley diebner / hou / ect @ ect , felicia buenrostro / hr / corp / enron @ enron , debra s johnson / enron _ development @ enron _ development , ladonna avery / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia casey / enron _ development @ enron _ development , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , zakiyyah mcclure / hou / ees @ ees , michelle robichaux / hou / ees @ ees , lynn tippery / hou / ect @ ect , lillian villarreal / corp / enron @ enron , teresa mcomber / et & s / enron @ enron , charla reese / enron _ development @ enron _ development , ladonna avery / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : enron kids meeting & training we will be having a meeting and training on november 8 th at 11 : 30 a . m . - 1 : 30 p . m . in eb 4102 . the meeting will be from 11 : 30 a . m . - 12 : 30 p . m . and then the training will be from 12 : 30 p . m . - 1 : 30 p . m . everyone is encouraged to attend the meeting & training . if you have any questions concerning the above , please call geneva davis or bert hernandez . 
2	Subject: california update 3 / 29 / 01 ? socal and pg & e have both made payments to the state of california ( dwr ) for power purchases per the puc order on tuesday . socal made a payment on wednesday of $ 43 . 5 m for purchases between january 19 - february 11 and pg & e paid $ 61 m . ? attorney general , bill lockyer , has ruled that the media does not have the right to view the long - term power contracts being negotiated . ? senator burton stated on the senate floor this morning that legislators need to set their regular session bill unrelated to energy quickly because there would be no rule waivers . he also noted that there would probably not be a lot of money for anything besides energy , and therefore a lot of bills would probably die in policy committee . ? in a conference call on tuesday , socal stated to a group of commercial paper holders that it would pay back interest on its commercial paper , which is approximately $ 30 m . one commercial holder said that since there is no default rate specified in the paper , the default rate should automatically be 10 % under california law . the socal representative replied " we don ' t think that applies to us . " in other words , socal does not plan on paying an added default rate on top of the interest payments . ? at this time , the legislature announced they would probably not be taking their easter break , scheduled for the week of april 9 th . according to a source , burton is not allowing any passes for any travel or absences . hertzberg has gone a step farther and said that any travel has to approved by his office and the member themselves has to come to his office to pick up the tickets . some believe this maybe an attempt to push the republicans into breaking the stalemate on ab 8 x ( voted down last friday ) currently being debated in the assembly . 
2	Subject: plight get the most out of your lotve limfe . orqder your viiagwra and saupper viiagyra saefely and securjely onlizne . civalwis ( sufper viwargra ) takes affnect rigyht away and lahsts for dauys ! evntqer hegre ufnsuhbscrpibe debris industrialism garbage salient amble remitted brigadier abbott chris fatal epidemic chloroform fecund concept doubleton acidulous malignant autocorrelate basidiomycetes hardtack innumerable buried helm revelation idyll cicada dish rosy blanche biennial dryden auric imagine farkas coarse collegiate bagpipe fructose alpha deliberate antagonist chop featherbedding glycogen disk bamako abacus koppers quintet norton pyongyang chipboard boletus seminar pupil friction frazzle retire bacon billboard argus gaffe fledgling quota constant simpleton allergy edwin ret jungle barnacle airfare beryllium midget amateur saguaro breastwork efflorescent deplete obelisk ppm certain clubhouse condemnate schizoid shunt omit bobby farad prophylactic bagel rosenzweig goodman dnieper euphoric doorbell rein equanimity hettie abrasive geoduck mccallum ferguson quadrennial danielson countersunk conceit generous beneficent anhydride gigging baccalaureate hierarchy extrusion incredible downward disc ginger children gun beltsville dose brig indebted all fitzpatrick deputy prick homeomorph matthew compulsive jam adjutant signify dent freya admix bandgap hanlon martini dostoevsky rink colloquium comic circuitry ascendant pedestrian mortgagee horsetail hydrophobic indecipherable pear lap effluvium bedside confine noblemen altern contextual accessory counterpart jacob equipotent incorporable beefy brendan cartilage firsthand lange boyce frostbite armillaria edmund forum beatify ducat haircut catalpa marino gigging herpes delphinus cottrell davy crestfallen cheerful cutoff erode benny bunyan lipscomb assert carbon homestead exchange monologist impious inquiry multifarious astrophysicist eject preamble attest dumbbell gsa geneva invoice conner cookery bernadine catchword excursus lambert rotary greenbelt repairman efferent compose hoff beryllium acre argive lesson downbeat residual bromfield beg colloq ointment kathy sandy codetermine hurdle faustus featherbedding hibbard altern secretary orthogonal could bayonne proclaim facilitate amplify biotite esplanade expire elude classification beastie infamous ceramium holiday cultivate buzz obelisk believe comic downspout ocarina gurgle extolled aberrate pistol art baudelaire pinwheel 
2	Subject: chheep medz how to save o vacationist n your medlcations over 70 % . pharms rahrah hop - successfull and proven way t lizzie o save your mone peripheral y . unpretending v a phonologic g disorderly al l internationalist u counting l r hutting a reliquary cl i concierge sva bagger l neoplasty m andmanyother . best prlces toddle . worldwide shlpp vulcanite lng . easy order teethe form . t nominal otal confidentiaiity . 250 , 000 satisfied customer superette s . order toda zygoma y and save ! 
2	Subject: spoken get . . meds simple ~ private ~ secure bz e international impor ts inc , nor th fron t st . # 1831 , beli ze cit y , bel ize paliourg below is for u to get off http : / / paliourg . nby 67 s . com / off . html  
2	Subject: marketing for your espeak session vince : thanks for your time earlier this week ; i ' m looking forward to your espeak event . sarah and i met with our etv contact yesterday , and we will be able to put a bulleted list on the elevator screens to advertise your espeak . please let me know what you would like us to post for you , and we will do the rest ! we also have plans to market specifically to the trader community here at enron , so you should get a high participation rate , especially from those groups . thanks , again . - er 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; start date : 12 / 25 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122509 . txt 
2	Subject: does your business depend on the online success of your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website online otherwise it will be invisible virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visible in places where people search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , bradley lott 
2	Subject: cheap oem soft shipping worldwide looking for not expensive high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . . $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 and lots more . . .  
2	Subject: look here look what i found at jobsearch . monster . com . i thought this might help you with your job searching . comments : know anyone looking for this ?  
2	Subject: message subject learn to make money like the power sellers on ebay we can show you how to make a ton of cash on ebay every month from your home . we have the know how to get you up and running with your very own business selling items on ebay . we will show you all the secrets that the power sellers use everyday to make thousands each month . all you need to start is our know how and the will to want to make a nice living . plus , with every order we are giving away two free airline tickets to any where . if you are interested just click here to learn more about your exciting new offer . you can ' t afford to pass this up any longer . to be removed please go here http : / / fsjo 3 . info / gone . php go here to be taken off the list  
2	Subject: fw : govt affairs org chart dan staines and joe conner focus on wholesale activities , you can work this out with rick / jim . i ' m fine with the rest . from : steffes , james d . sent : tuesday , november 20 , 2001 1 : 52 pm to : dietrich , janet ; shapiro , richard ; delaney , david ; kitchen , louise ; lavorato , john subject : re : govt affairs org chart janet - 1 . the best split is probably just 50 / 50 on personnel . while everyone is in a specific box on the org chart , many if not all of the people are flexible enough that they can cover different roles . the $ on outside services may be able to be split differently going forward ( for example , if ees wants something specific on a state puc matter ) . 2 . in terms of approving outside service expenditures , i would like to sit down with you , louise , and rick to work out what the best method of working through the approvals . i will try and set up some time the first week of december . 4 . i have put steve montovano in the ne gas box . this will increase the budget by $ 400 k ( based on historical figures ) . i have attached a new org chart to represent this change . also , dan staines ( who is not on the org chart ) has an employment contract that ends 6 / 12 / 2002 . dan has been working on florida and northeast rto matters and continues to help east power with the nyiso tcc auction . we can sever him , but his contract will need to be paid off ( $ 87 k ) . govt affairs also has a contract for support with joe connor ( ex - southern exec ) to support our se activities . i am trying to get a copy of the contract , but i think that it is in place until 8 / 02 . my recommendation is to use these guys through their contracts instead of a large payment today . thanks , jim - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dietrich , janet sent : tuesday , november 20 , 2001 12 : 00 pm to : shapiro , richard cc : delaney , david ; steffes , james d . ; kitchen , louise ; lavorato , john subject : fw : govt affairs org chart ees is fine with the org . chart below . i understand the $ 6 . 4 million is total for both ena & ees . comments : 1 . ) need a recommended split of the $ 6 . 4 million for ena / ees . 2 . ) i understand the $ 6 . 4 million includes $ 0 for outside services . the ooc of ena / ees needs to approve as these services are needed . 3 . ) the $ 6 . 4 million does include legacy real estate costs . jim fallon is the coordination point on our real estate costs - is this on his radar screen ? 4 . ) we need to reconcile what we do with steve montovano . because both ena / ees want to utilize him , i might suggest leaving him in the regulatory group so that both groups can effectively utilize him . louise / jim - are you both ok with this ? if so , rick / jim , i would suggest putting him in the ne gas box . 5 . ) rick , i understand you ' re talking with kean / whalley on handling the washington office activity in corp . i agree . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : steffes , james d . sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 6 : 12 pm to : dietrich , janet cc : shapiro , richard subject : govt affairs org chart janet - - here is the org chart that captures our discussions . i think that this org and the # of people is the lowest level that can even try to meet the combined needs of ena and ees . total headcount  21 . the personnel cost  $ 6 . 4 mm ( total for ena and ees ) . please let me know if you have any questions . jim > 
2	Subject: from bar . stephen kwesi barrister stephen kwesi kwesi consultants accra - ghana tel / fax : 00233243601078 email : kwesi _ consultants @ yahoo . co . uk humane / cordial request for assistance dear friend , i am bar . stephen kwesi , a practising lawyer as well as a human right activist here in ghana . i am contacting you based on a discussion i had with one miss mary fati whom i happen to meet in the refugee camp in one of my reutine visitations to the refugee camps . the little mary ( 24 ) is originally from the war engulfed area of darfur ? sudan . she lost her parents and sibblings in the cost of the war and she is all alone now but she was fortunate to find a safe in her father ? s private room and this safe contains a total sum of sixteen million , five hundred thousand united states dollars only ( us $ 16 , 500 , 000 . 00 ) . this safe was successfully deposited with a private security company here in ghana as family belongings , which i have confirmed with the company as she has handed over all the relevant documents of this deposit to me . i have confirmed her needs and they include , helping her receive her fund in a secured account , helping her arrange a travelling document out of ghana , assisting her in a way to complete her education and finally and most importantly guiding her in investment purposes with this fund . my dear , i have little knowledge about your ability and would want you to work with me in helping this little girl whose situation is quit pitiable . you will be compensated appropriately . i will link you up to her if you wish to otherwise we could discuss on possible ways of finalising this transaction . you can reach me directly on the above telephone number or email or you can reach little mary via her email address ; maryfati @ myway . com regards , bar . stephen kwesi this email is send by " email sender express " 
2	Subject: want your music for ? - vaudeville baseplate acquit hello experience enjoy the digital revolution . we at - future online entertainment - announces future of online entertainment . download anything you could possibly want in 3 simple , fast , and easy steps - start downloading now ! this service is 100 percent safe , secure and legal http : / / www . getitready . com / ref 91 . html if you are a beginner , no need to worry - we ' ll show you how to do it from start to finish ! we ' ve made it so easy , you ' ll be downloading anything you could possibly want this service comes with : un limited  music mp 3 s  movies  games  software  tv shows  song lyrics  audio books more bonuses :  dvd copying software  mp 3 burning software  anti - virus software  game copying software  pop - up / spyware / adware killer software http : / / www . getitready . com / ref 91 . html  even more benefits :  latest filesharing software  in - depth visual tutorials  internet history cleaner  privacy protection software  access to 90 , 000 , 000 songs  unlimited technical support  stay legal - don ' t get sued lifetime membership is only $ 34 . 95 ! check out to join now and start downloading in minutes ! http : / / www . getitready . com / ref 91 . html regards bernie gorman sales manager future online entertainment http : / / www . getitready . com / ref 91 . html to discountinue - - http : / / jmabeik . cd - digishop . info / soft / chair . php - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mazda turbulent wilmington axisymmetric ecclesiastic abusable tunnel whale threat corporeal millard freckle gorgon splice dragging church magdalene repertoire espionage newsmen east gargle haifa happenstance metamorphic thaw sibling verity austenite fell perhaps mandamus embroider intense laborious archipelago catch goleta irresponsible metro amulet amplify commonwealth firemen practical satanic compatriot columbus ridden belong alcott fluency machinery amuse curricular atlantis clifford veranda ante fairfax farmland siam before adore miriam catkin grecian aflame swish annalen styx unipolar candide footman aldebaran ames budget cater radius carbonyl diatom curd pall train autobiography maurine jonas solstice handicapper druid arbutus flask barefoot concave wigwam copperfield vance tinker bid penultimate arctangent ulster boathouse ferry prompt amplify auckland cilia spyglass naval dim perfecter dreamy oppressor conservative know teenage bergen aromatic arrowroot addenda toronto atkins exploitation karyatid rupee allegate comparison hummock thyroxine bard cheesecake horrendous staph eke affinity declarative conscription boswell furnish verify antioch attrition fresh astrophysics culprit antipasto ambassador clothesline vermilion amend dixie soviet gubernatorial eclat treasury paine equilibrium new brace frigga cantonese fluoresce cell crimson diminish prism alive arthritis cretin chaste delicti heft deciduous transom stearic gerhard brassy concubine nimbus aviary sladang cortex dewy printmake hudson bini brock dalton acquit repentant bacterium check nostradamus stapleton barney craggy commandeer originate blackberry phlox lawyer cumulus slut bunkmate alpert conspiratorial sheathe requited glidden mccoy ascription angela intestinal peugeot croix aftereffect bondage strident strewn allegoric clink curran marks papacy riverfront canton charybdis luis betrayal gherkin nibelung medley crest behead ideal insupportable befogging d ' oeuvre planetary dishes contribution discretion cadillac declassify primordial flagellate quadrille beaver blackwell bylaw kidnap resemble informatica lambert automate dumpty yearbook q improvisate tribesman burial starkey morse afar louver lifeboat sweeten cairo rayleigh toolmake erroneous havilland cackle commit index handbook detonate yerkes authentic coronate suburb polaron  
2	Subject: unbelievable loans made easy dear homeowner you have been pre - approved for a $ 400 , 000 home loan at a fixed rate as low as 3 . 25 % . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity all we ask is that you visit our website and complete the 1 minute post - approval form http : / / lowergrader . com / special / sincerely , brad waters discontinue , http : / / lowergrader . com / no / 
2	Subject: enron : wefa luncheon may 1 martin : vince and lance want you to attend this presentation if possible . please let me know if you will be going to lunch also . thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 13 / 2001 08 : 36 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 04 / 11 / 2001 12 : 36 pm to : lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron cc : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : enron : wefa luncheon may 1 would you like to attend the presentation and join me for lunch with wefa . any other suggestions re attendance . please , let shirley know . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2001 12 : 36 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " peter mcnabb " on 04 / 11 / 2001 11 : 52 : 47 am to : cc : " kemm farney " subject : enron : wefa luncheon may 1 dear vince thanks for your voicemail and delighted to have you confirm lunch on may 1 . kemm farney the head of wefa ' s electric power services will be travelling with me this time . i expect there may be other enron colleagues that may care to join us for lunch so don ' t hesitate to invite as you see fit . for reservations purposes , perhaps you arrange to let me know numbers . kemm would also be prepared to informally present our current power outlook to a larger group at 11 : 00 , if this would be of interest . as you know , these types of presentations are part of all your wefa energy retainer package . i will also plan to update you with respect to our current multi client study schedule for the remainder of the year . regards , peter peter a . mcnabb vice president energy , north america wefa inc . 2 bloor st . w . toronto , canada m 4 w 3 rl 416 - 513 - 0061 ex 227 - 2001 energy brochure . doc - wefaenergy _ factsheet for energy scenarios 2001 . doc 
2	Subject: joint probabilities michael tables of joint probabilities for scenario 3 ( 8 % improvement rate during the regulatory cycle ) are attached . call if you have any questions . bob x 35163 
2	Subject: penis enlargement announcement the penis patch is amazing http : / / www . okmpoi . com / ss / people with courage and character always seem sinister to the rest . the end result of kindness is that it draws people to you . my favorite animal is steak . if we don ' t chase things - - sometimes the things following us can catch up . successful people are very lucky . just ask any failure . 
2	Subject: re : hello from vince kaminski at enron great you are on for the 23 shmuel s . oren , professor dept . of industrial engineering and operations research 4117 etcheverry hall university of california berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777 e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484 fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : to : cc : sent : friday , september 15 , 2000 6 : 04 pm subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > shmuel , > > sorry for not getting back to you earlier . > if the 23 rd of october is still open , i can make the presentation on this > day . > > vince > > > > > > > " shmuel oren " on 08 / 30 / 2000 08 : 18 : 15 am > > to : > cc : > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > > originally you mentioned october 23 so i reserved that week which is still > open . > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / > shmuel s . oren , professor > dept . of industrial engineering > and operations research > 4117 etcheverry hall > university of california > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777 > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484 > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403 > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : > to : > cc : ; ; > > sent : wednesday , august 30 , 2000 9 : 03 am > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > > > > > shmuel , > > > > let ' s see if we can either rearrange the seminar speakers > > or change the date of our visit to the campus . ashley baxter , our > > coordinator is very efficient and > > got a faculty room for a presentation on monday morning on the 16 th . > > > > vince > > > > > > > > > > > > > > " shmuel oren " on 08 / 29 / 2000 05 : 37 : 33 pm > > > > to : > > cc : > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > > > > > dear vince . i spoke too soon . apparently the seminar slot on the 16 was > > already filled . i will see if i can switch the speaker for that week to > the > > following week . in any case we are on for dinner on the 16 . > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / > > shmuel s . oren , professor > > dept . of industrial engineering > > and operations research > > 4117 etcheverry hall > > university of california > > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777 > > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu > > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484 > > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403 > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / > > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > > from : > > to : > > cc : ; > > sent : tuesday , august 29 , 2000 5 : 01 pm > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > > > > > > > > > shmuel , > > > > > > the date of our trip to berkeley has been set . it will be october 16 th > > and > > > 17 th > > > ( monday and tuesday ) . > > > > > > i shall be glad to make a presentation on energy derivatives markets > > > ( development of the markets in the us and europe , valuation > difficulties , > > > enron ' s role > > > in developing the forward markets for natural gas and electricity ) . > > > > > > please , let me know if this topic would be of interest to you . if this > is > > > the > > > case , i shall follow with a title and an abstract . > > > > > > by the way , are you free for dinner on monday ? > > > > > > vince > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > " shmuel oren " on 08 / 24 / 2000 08 : 59 : 38 am > > > > > > to : " vince j kaminski " > > > cc : > > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > > > > > > > > great . our seminars are 3 : 30 to 5 pm . if it works for you please send me > a > > > title and abstract . > > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / > > > shmuel s . oren , professor > > > dept . of industrial engineering > > > and operations research > > > 4117 etcheverry hall > > > university of california > > > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777 > > > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu > > > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484 > > > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403 > > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / > > > > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > > > from : " vince j kaminski " > > > to : " shmuel oren " > > > cc : " vince j kaminski " ; " ashley baxter " > > > > > > sent : thursday , august 24 , 2000 9 : 58 am > > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > shmuel , > > > > > > > > thanks for the message . i am working with our recruiter , ashley > baxter , > > > > to finalize the date of the trip . i shall shoot for october the 23 rd > > > > if this date works for the rest of our team . > > > > > > > > vince > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > " shmuel oren " on 08 / 23 / 2000 11 : 46 : 19 am > > > > > > > > to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect > > > > cc : > > > > subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > dear vince . > > > > i sent you a reply earlier this month but i haven ' t heard from you > > about > > > the > > > > date of your visit . our department has a seminar every monday . if you > > can > > > > schedule your visit on a monday i would like to invite you to give a > > > seminar > > > > which will be attended by many of our graduate students and faculty > and > > > will > > > > give you an opportunity to tell them about your program . with > > sufficient > > > > lead - time i can advertise the seminar in the hass school to their > > > financial > > > > engineering students . > > > > shmuel . > > > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / > > > > shmuel s . oren , professor > > > > dept . of industrial engineering > > > > and operations research > > > > 4117 etcheverry hall > > > > university of california > > > > berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777 > > > > e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu > > > > phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484 > > > > fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403 > > > > / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / / > > > > > > > > - - - - - original message - - - - - > > > > from : > > > > to : ; ; > > > > > > > > sent : tuesday , august 08 , 2000 10 : 59 am > > > > subject : hello from vince kaminski at enron > > > > > > > > > > > > > shmuel , > > > > > > > > > > i hope you remember me . i visited you together with aram > sogomonian , > > a > > > > > good friend of mine , a few years ago . i am currently responsible , > > among > > > > > other things , for recruiting graduates with finance and / or > technical > > > > > backgrounds at the university of berkeley . i would be glad to give > > you > > > a > > > > > call and talk more about the details of our program . my colleague , > > > > > ashleybaxter , from the analyst / associate program at enron would > join > > me > > > > > as well . > > > > > > > > > > i am sending you a copy of the brochure about the analyst / > associate > > > > > program . > > > > > > > > > > vince kaminski > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > vincent kaminski > > > > > managing director - research > > > > > enron corp . > > > > > 1400 smith street > > > > > room ebl 962 > > > > > houston , tx 77002 - 7361 > > > > > > > > > > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 > > > > > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 > > > > > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: re : potential list fo 9 / 00 correction , that ' s meter # 5228 vlt susan smith 08 / 24 / 2000 03 : 40 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect subject : potential list fo 9 / 00 daren : the correct meter number for north central is 5288 . thanks , susan x 33321 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by susan smith / hou / ect on 08 / 24 / 2000 03 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - susan smith 08 / 24 / 2000 03 : 33 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect subject : potential list fo 9 / 00 daren : per vance ' s discussion ' s with the deal makers , the following are potential deals for 9 / 00 not included in vance ' s number : north central - - mcmurrey # 2 - meter 2697 - mid month - 2000 mcfd ( approx ) - gas daily helmrich and payne - ballard # 1 - new meter - mid month - 2000 mcfd ( approx ) - gas daily kcs resources - dickenson bayou - meter 9797 - midmonth - 10 , 000 mcfd ( approx ) - gas daily let us know if you need any additional information . susan smith x 33321 
2	Subject: order verification % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt over 150 meds to choose from with no prescription required opt out 6 % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt  
2	Subject: natural gas origination hotlist we will be updating and making format changes to the 4 q 01 and lq 02 hotlist tomorrow . would you please forward to me any additions / deletions / changes you would like to make . what we currently have listed are as follows ( all are 4 q 01 ) : michigan gas utilities - $ 5 mm ( already proposed to be changed to $ 2 mm ) peoples energy - $ 2 mm pseg - $ 2 mm philadelphia gas works - $ 1 mm texas general land office - $ 500 k southern company - value tbd any questions or comments , give me a call x 37665 
2	Subject: fw : 4 / 12 mgmt summary & hot list find attached the egm management summary and hot list as of 4 / 12 . please contact me if you have any questions / comments . thanks , jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : anderson , patricia sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 8 : 03 am to : smith , jeff e . subject : 4 / 12 mgmt summary & hot list for distribution thanks , patricia 
2	Subject: komp horticultural - sale of leased plants the komp horticultural contract for the maintenance of leased floor plants has been cancelled . plant maintenance is not being performed on the leased plants in the enron building on floors 3 through 49 . rather than removing the plants from the building , komp horticultural has chosen to offer the plants to enron employees for sale . on january 16 th from 11 : 00 am to 2 : 00 pm , komp will have a table on the south side of the plaza , by the up escalator , for those employees interested in purchasing a plant . at the time of purchase , komp will give a special sticker to place on the container of the sold plant ( do not bring plants to the plaza for purchase ) . plants will not be allowed to be removed from the building unless they have the komp sold sticker on the container . the following guidelines must be followed : ? plants will be priced at $ 30 plus tax for floor plants ; $ 10 plus tax for desk - top plants . ? only potted plants in black plastic containers are for sale . plants in chrome , bronze , clay or any other outside containers are not for sale . ? employees must remove all plants from the building themselves . building services cannot make pick - ups or deliveries . ? security will be inspecting plants to assure they have the appropriate sticker when they are removed from the premises . ? payment must be in cash or a personal check made out to komp horticultural . if you have any questions please contact richard hensch at ext . 35522 . 
2	Subject: opinion apple , corel , ado 0 be , plnnacle system , nero , allas from $ 20 each hungry moving such let monday grandma worse name every remember super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from hall we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    question bread game continue youth present argue several using independent  
2	Subject: 06 / 01 assignment , termination , expiration report - houston pipe line attached is the junel 2001 assignment , termination & expiration report for houston pipe line ' s contracts . ( fyi - it contains all of the entries made by our group since the report was last done on 3 / 23 / 01 , regardless of the effective date . ) if you do not need to receive this report or if you know of someone else that should receive it , please let me know by e - mail or phone ( 713 - 571 - 3187 ) so that i can either remove your name from or add their name to the distribution list . 
2	Subject: prudency sorry , i left you off the original list . thanks , wanda - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by wanda curry / hou / ect on 03 / 09 / 2000 06 : 23 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - wanda curry 03 / 09 / 2000 06 : 22 pm to : michael e moscoso / hou / ect @ ect , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , barry pearce / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : prudency please see the attached draft prudency policy and prudency schedule . barry , i need your comments asap . i am in meetings until around 11 : 00 tomorrow . i don ' t think we can argue that we no longer need prudency without it being a change in accounting policy . this years annual report fn - 3 stills contains the following statement : the values are adjusted to reflect the potential impact of liquidating enron  , s position in an orderly manner over a reasonable period of time under present market conditions . i think the best we can argue is 1 ) that the liquidity in some commodities ( gas for u . s . and maybe power for u . k . ) has increased to a level that prudency is no longer required and 2 ) setting a minimum level of var before prudency is required are not a wholesale change in our accounting policy . i have not attempted to address establishing an operational reserve . i think the two are separate , but no reason why we can ' t create one this quarter . wes , i need to get with you to determine what ena would like to do . the earnings situation may be different than expected . ena has taken a large amount out of prudency ( see the attached schedule ) . we can probably argue for that release to be reduced , pending complete research on power liquidity and implementation of the new rac calculation . i obviously will not hold any discussions with aa . let me know what the next steps are . i will be waiting to hear from you both . wanda 
2	Subject: article : ' energy ' please find attached the above article from the information age , august 2001 . kind regards sarimah black 
2	Subject: fwd : [ hoodwinks ] 83 % - off vicodin . oberlin motherers reigning miltonized unlinking smiled turquoise discourse gnats corporately alerts shutdown provenance sole sufficiently apology remotest telefunken laurence allocators resultantly metes anchorage saturating fortiori allowances cheater mcfadden bookcases germinating behemoths arteriolar john disks pavements licks - - phone : 195 - 428 - 4380 mobile : 989 - 692 - 4823 email : technologiesknead @ shimaguni . com  
2	Subject: lng contracts i am seeking information on where to find copies of lng contracts that were previously in the domain of the old enron international company . enron north america will be establishing a risk book to manage lng positions on a worldwide basis and we need copies of all contracts to set this up . these contracts may or may not be related to the dabhol project . if you can provide guidance or information as to where to find these contracts , i would appreciate it . you may respond via email or call me at 713 - 853 - 6079 in houston . thank you for your attention . 
2	Subject: enron direct canada corp . - lc ' s expiring 12 / 31 / 2001 sent on behalf of derek flaman : the following is a response to bill ' s question : " when does the tariff require the lc to be renewed ? do we have some time to wait until mid - december ? " also attached to this email is lori poffenroth ' s november 9 memo which sets forth lori ' s calculations based on wsp / ppa ' s formulas set forth in their tariffs for initial amounts , revised amounts , recommended october 31 amounts , and estimated december 31 amounts . all of the wsp ' s and the ppa ' s prudential requirements allow the wsp ' s and the ppa to reevaluate edcc ' s credit limit and / or request additional security from time to time . while the following sets out in more detail the manner in which each wsp and the ppa can do this , all of the prudential requirements are the same in the following two respects : ( 1 ) if at any time edcc ' s financial obligations to the wsp / ppa ( the " financial obligations " ) exceed the existing credit limit ( or a certain percentage thereof ) , the wsp / ppa has the right to request additional security ( the " additional security " ) ; and ( 2 ) if edcc fails to post the additional security within the requisite time period , the wsp / ppa reserves the right to suspend service to edcc . note that , as of today , no wsp / ppa has requested additional security . however , as soon as possible , the following needs to occur in those instances where the october 31 amount exceeds the existing amount : ( 1 ) we should post the additional security now ; or ( 2 ) we put ourselves in a position to be able to post the additional security within the requisite time period . consequently , we do have some time to wait until mid - december provided that ( 2 ) has occurred . as at december 31 , we must post the december 31 amount . atco existing amount recommended october 31 amount estimated december 31 amount $ 300 , 000 $ 300 , 000 $ 450 , 000 as at october 31 , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 300 , 000 and the posted security is $ 300 , 000 ; therefore , no additional security is currently required . as at december 31 , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 450 , 000 and the posted security will have expired ; therefore $ 450 , 000 of additional security will be required at that time . such additional security will be due within 5 days of atco ' s request . enmax calgary existing amount recommended october 31 amount estimated december 31 amount $ 475 , 000 $ 750 , 000 $ 1 , 850 , 000 red deer existing amount recommended october 31 amount estimated december 31 amount $ 30 , 000 $ 40 , 000 $ 75 , 000 lethbridge existing amount recommended october 31 amount estimated december 31 amount $ 15 , 000 $ 35 , 000 $ 65 , 000 as at october 31 : for calgary , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 750 , 000 and the posted security is $ 475 , 000 - therefore , the additional security which may be required is $ 275 , 000 ; for red deer , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 40 , 000 and the posted security is $ 30 , 000 - therefore , $ 10 , 000 of additional security may be required ; for lethbridge , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 35 , 000 and the posted security is $ 15 , 000 - therefore , $ 20 , 000 of additional security may be required . as at december 31 : for calgary , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 1 , 850 , 000 and the posted security will have expired - therefore , $ 1 , 850 , 000 of additional security will be required at that time ; for red deer , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 75 , 000 and the posted security will have expired - therefore , $ 75 , 000 of additional security will be required at that time ; for lethbridge , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 65 , 000 and the posted security will have expired - therefore , $ 65 , 000 of additional security will be required . all of the foregoing additional security is due within the number of days required by enmax ( i . e . at enmax ' s discretion ) . epcor existing amount recommended october 31 amount estimated december 31 amount $ 150 , 000 $ 150 , 000 $ 1 , 000 , 000 ponoka existing amount recommended october 31 amount estimated december 31 amount $ 5 , 000 $ 12 , 000 $ 12 , 000 as at october 31 : for epcor , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 150 , 000 and the posted security is $ 150 , 000 - therefore , no additional security is currently required ; for ponoka , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 12 , 000 and the posted security is $ 5 , 000 - therefore , $ 7 , 000 of additional security may be required . as at december 31 : for epcor , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 1 , 000 , 000 and the posted security will have expired - therefore , $ 1 , 000 , 000 of additional security will be required at that time ; for ponoka , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 12 , 000 and the posted security will have expired - therefore , $ 12 , 000 of additional security will be required at that time . all of the aforementioned additional security is due within 10 business days of epcor ' s request . power pool of alberta " ppa " existing amount recommended october 31 amount estimated december 31 amount $ 4 , 800 , 000 $ 2 , 500 , 000 $ 6 , 000 , 000 as at october 31 , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 2 , 500 , 000 and the posted security is $ 4 , 800 , 000 - therefore , no additional security is currently required . as at december 31 , the financial obligations have been calculated to be $ 6 , 000 , 000 and the posted security will have expired - therefore , $ 6 , 000 , 000 of additional security will be required at that time . all of the aforementioned additional security is due within the number of days set by the ppa ( i . e . at the ppa ' s discretion ) utilicorp . existing amount recommended october 31 amount estimated december 31 amount $ 0 barry / lori to calculate barry / lori to calculate utilicorp . ' s prudential requirements , like the other wsp ' s and ppa ' s prudential requirements , allow utilicorp . to re - evaluate edcc ' s credit limit and / or request additional security from time to time . to date , utilicorp . has not exercised their right to request additional security from edcc . as such , financial obligations with respect to utilicorp . have not been calculated . to be prudent , barry / lori will calculate a recommended october 31 amount and an estimated december 31 amount so that we are prepared in the event that utilicorp . does at some point exercise its right to require us to post additional security . regards , derek lori poffenroth ' s november 9 memo : sarah butt administrative assistant enron energy services canada corp . enron direct canada corp . 403 - 663 - 2828 
2	Subject: schedule c - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect on 08 / 24 / 2000 03 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - john j lavorato @ enron 08 / 24 / 2000 03 : 26 pm to : jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : phillip allen will put 50 million in schedule c reserve on august 23 rd and mike grigsby and kieth holst will put 25 million each on august 24 th . 
2	Subject: re : account # 8930410 k hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , april cornelius for email removal , go here . consecutive boo hap dickcissel mauritania pony tweeze aborning biometry amperage candidate knapsack andre antony dessicate stopband ecclesiastic janeiromorphology mindanao submitting rockbound revel suite sled acetate division flathead marlin beware inter backward antaeus headwall begging racehedonist litigant bison ottoman history meld afraid mcclellan phillips chink wisecrack transcend hardworking abstruse cholera astigmatic clutter nimbleursula tenderloin immutable poole connote atalanta depletion assistant transfer e ' s bimodal carven quakeress rogers floodlit return boustrophedon rendezvousstrain dot lifelong veronica altair anastomosis alluvium symbiotic anastasia cerebral leslie afraid premonition calamitous snakeroot 
2	Subject: christian health plan we offer vision , dental , medical and much more ! work with the good people at christian health center . our values set us apart . click below : http : / / www . . com finish solutions 9600 la ciencnega inglewood , ca 90301 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: re : introduction what is the story about joe ' s request for a move ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike jordan / lon / ect on 02 / 02 / 2001 15 : 46 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - joseph short @ enron 02 / 02 / 2001 14 : 17 to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : introduction mike - apologies . i should have sent this along with my initial message . look forward to speaking with you soon . joe mike jordan @ ect 02 / 02 / 2001 03 : 03 am to : joseph short / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : introduction joe would be glad to discuss opportunities - can you help me by sending a brief background of your academic and work experience ( it would help me in putting you in touch with the most relevent of my directors / direct reports . regards mike joseph short @ enron 01 / 02 / 2001 22 : 54 to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : introduction mike - i am currently looking for a new position in commercial support . sally beck suggested i get in touch with you to determine if there are any needs in enron europe , especially any that might be here in houston . i ' m available to speak throughout the day at 713 - 345 - 6976 . i can also contact you at your convenience . thanks , joe short 
2	Subject: re : dinner julie , thanks for the invitation . tuesday would work better for me . i came back from california this morning and i am quite exhausted . what is the number at which i can reach you ? vince " julie " on 02 / 26 / 2001 11 : 00 : 46 am please respond to " julie " to : " vincejkaminski " cc : subject : dinner would you like to get together for dinner with us tonight ( monday ) or tomorrow night ? ? julie 
2	Subject: re : action learning project and enron tour christie , let ' s meet to discuss this project . i need more information from you about it . by the way , i shall meet bob westbrook on wednesday to discuss unrelated issues . vince christie patrick 11 / 02 / 2000 12 : 33 am to : cmiller @ rice . edu , cindy derecskey / corp / enron @ enron , michael b rosen / hou / ect @ ect , steven j kean / na / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , grwhit @ rice . edu , westbro @ rice . edu , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : action learning project and enron tour hi carrie , it was great meeting with you and dean whitaker again last friday , as well as mr . westbrook . as we discussed , i have submitted the action learning program materials to vince kaminski , our managing director of risk analysis and corporate research . i ' ll be following up with him , and his recommendations for project proposals next week . also , i ' ve discussed with our university affairs team setting up the faculty tours - - we ' re ready when you are ! ! the sooner the better - - i ' d love to get these in pretty immediately , and in any event , before the reception at the end of the month . i " ll have cindy derecskey in my group email you - - she is prepared to set these tours up . i look forward to continuing to develop the multiple potential dynamics of the enron - rice relationship ! thanks ! - - christie . ps : thanks so much for the crystal rice owl - - my participation as a judge in the rice invitational case competition was my pleasure indeed ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 11 / 02 / 2000 12 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - carrie miller on 11 / 01 / 2000 12 : 47 : 17 pm to : christie _ patrick @ enron . com cc : grwhit @ rice . edu , westbro @ rice . edu subject : action learning project and enron tour christie , i enjoyed visiting with you last week at the jones school . thanks for taking time to come see us . i wanted to follow up with you regarding the action learning project program and enron tour . we hope to have enron as part of the program in 2001 . please let me know how i can help make this happen . i look for the program to be full before the deadline of december lst . also , i am happy to help organize a group to tour enron . if you were to participate in the alp program , january / february might be a good time to put something together with key faculty and the alp team . let me know your thoughts . again , many thanks for your continued support of the jones school . i look forward to hearing from you soon . carrie                                       carrie chamberlin miller director of mba program jesse h . jones graduate school of management rice university 6100 main street , ms 531 houston , texas 77005 - 1892 phone : ( 713 ) 348 - 5260 fax : ( 713 ) 348 - 5251 e - mail : cmiller @ rice . edu http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgs / 
2	Subject: scotty kelly , govenment don ' t want me to sell undergroundcd ! check your spouse and staff investigate your own credit - history hacking someone pc ! disappear in your city bannedcd 2004 http : / / www . 8009 hosting . com / cd / evident , presently be carried .  
2	Subject: hot teen flasher sex spy over 100 , 000 voyeur images tons live hidden cams 50 , 000 + extreme movies total invasion of privacy click here for more ! sex spy is the number one site for complete invasion of privacy photos , videos and more ! these extreme voyeur photos have the hottest women caught on tape doing unthinkable acts ! these sluts have no clue we are watching ! click here for a free preview of the dumbest whores getting caught on camera ! remove me ashtray bertrand ductwork witt secretion lucre lundberg incurring nostalgic papua yakima  
2	Subject: it ` s a revolution ! breakthrough in medicine more info . . . itch histamine outlawry chauffeur debunk basis contretemps precautionary crossbar japan breach tile brutal penmen walter orthodontist welles establish columnar joke no  
2	Subject: cleburne imbalance daren - - bad news . . . . . the cleburne imbalance is out of control . you might want to start some payback to lonestar . lonestar ' s estimates for the accumulative imbalance at the beginning of may was 140 . 0 due them , now i guess their actuals came in and now at the beginning of may shows 214 . 0 due them . i am waiting to hear back from lisa with lonestar to see why there is such a big discrepancy . through the 16 th , her updated estimates reflect an imbalance of 240 . 0 due them . . . . the plant continues to overpull , our nom to the plant which is not all 45 . 0 due to brazos ' take . let me know what you want to do . mark 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001123017 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: urgent and kind attention . dear friend , firstly , not to cause you embarrassment , i am barrister lindsay smith , a solicitor at law and the personal attorney to late mr . mark michelle a national of france , who used to be a private contractor with the shellpetroleum development company in saudi arabia , herein after shall be referred to as my client . on the 21 st of april 2001 , he and his wife with their three children were involved in an auto crash , all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives . since then , i have made several enquiries with his country embassies to locate any of my clients extended relatives , this has also proved unsuccessful . after these several unsuccessful attempts , i decided to contact you with this business partnership proposal . i have contacted you to assist in repatriating a huge amount of money left behind by my client before they get connfiscated or declared unserviceable by the finance / security company where these huge deposit was lodged . the deceased had a deposit valued presently at $ 21 million us dollars and the company has issued me a notice to provide his next of kin or beneficiary by will otherwise have the account confiscated within the next thirty official working days . since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 2 years now , i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin / will beneficiary to the deceased so that the proceeds of this account valued at $ 21 million us dollars can be paid to you . this will be disbursed or shared in these percentages , 60 % to meand 40 % to you . i have all necessary legal documents that can be used to back up any claim we may make . all i require is your honest co - operation , confidentiality and trust to enable us see this transaction through . i guarantee you that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect from any breach of the law . please get in touch with me urgently by e - mail : lindsaysmith @ faithmail . com as i am presently in ireland and provide me the following 1 . full name 2 . your telephone number and fax number 3 . your contact address . your urgent response will be highly anticipated and appreciated . best regards , barrister lindsay smith tiscali adsl senza canone , paga solo quello che consumi ! non perdere la promozione valida fino al 31 agosto . per te gratis il modem in comodato e l ' attivazione . in piu ' navighi a soli 1 , 5 euro l ' ora per i primi tre mesi . cosa aspetti ? attivala subito !  
2	Subject: marketing michelle : let ' s see if this works . i ' ve attached the description . also , i spoke with johnny tramel this morning but he does not have any openings . let me know if you get this . terri d 
2	Subject: did you seen this ? the reports of the shannon and of the helvetia had rather exaggerated its size , and i estimated its length at only two hundred and fifty feet . image not loading ? read below : the fleshlight sex toy is a portable , concealable , sturdy male masturbation device that our customers describe as " awesome " , " amazing " , and " ingenious " . cleverly disguised as an ordinary flashlight , it ' s easy to store and transport without drawing attention . available in a variety of styles ? mouth , anus , vagina and non - descript ? and offering a variety of special sensations ? original , super tight , super ribbed , and wonder wave ? the fleshlight sex toy presents our clients with a multitude of erotic experiences , fantasies and sensations to elevate orgasms to a new peak of intense sexual pleasure . - enter in here - discontinue during some lulls of the wind and sea , i fancied i heard several times vague sounds , a sort of fugitive harmony produced by words of command . conseil was my servant , a true , devoted flemish boy , who had accompanied me in all my travels ! i clung to it : then i felt that i was being drawn up , that i was brought to the surface of the water , that my chest collapsed - - i fainted ! they could scarcely believe it possible ; at two yards and a half below water - mark was a regular rent , in the form of an isosceles triangle ? we had crossed the tropic of capricorn , and the straits of magellan opened less than seven hundred miles to the south . 
2	Subject: have you ever bought drugs online ? regain your confidence viagra online the loftier the building , the deeper must the foundation be laid . be polite to all , but intimate with few . by constant self - discipline and self - control you can develop greatness of character 
2	Subject: you can start saving now today is a new day for your residence . with levels at their headline - making historic lows , our programs are better now than ever before . even if you ' ve recently closed on a property , now is the time to check your numbers . find out what all your neighbors are talking about : http : / / eyeloans . com / ? partid  s 27 future reference options : http : / / eyeloans . com / st . html  
2	Subject: hi again , here is lela gold . i wite you because we are accepting your mortgage application . our office confirms you can get a $ 220 . 000 lo?n for a $ 352 . 00 per month payment . approval process will take 1 minute , so please fill out the form on our website : thank you . best regards lela gold first account manager 
2	Subject: additional controls - residual assets louise : i spoke with rick buy yesterday about improving our monitoring controls over potential assets that we might own due to some residual claim or " clawback " that enron retained when the primary asset was disposed , i . e . midwest gas storage . while we don ' t have hundreds of these situations , i am aware of several deals where we retained overriding royalties , exploration options , calls on cash flow after certain debt is paid off , etc . hopefully , most of these have been captured in our compliance system but as illustrated with midwest , our system does not appear airtight . therefore , i propose that we immediately review all of our current and disposed portfolio for any " hidden " assets or claims that have not been properly captured . additionally , we will shore up our monitoring procedures where necessary . one of our deliverables will be to provide you and other members of senior management with a list and description of potential assets . in addition to rac , i would like to have participation from the commercial and legal side on our review team and suggest that perhaps dick lydecker ' s group would have the appropriate resources . i would appreciate your concurrence and feedback at your convenience . regards , rick c . 
2	Subject: your pharmaceuticals done online paliourg near 3 or curse defined by chain saw , for pocket , and beyond ocean are what made america great ! [ 3 
2	Subject: a computer and internet connection for you and your family as you know , technology is critical to enron ; it drives our success and will continue to do so in the future . technology has helped enron create new businesses like enron broadband services and enron net works , and it is responsible for applications such as enrononline and enroncredit . com . you  , ve seen what technology can do at work . now we want you and your family to realize its benefits at home . with that in mind , we are excited to let you know that we are introducing the clickathome program , which will give each employee a computer for use at home . where technology permits , we will also subsidize an internet connection . with the click of a mouse , a home computer plus internet access will put a world of internet knowledge at your family  , s fingertips . we have just signed an agreement with dell computer corporation to provide the computer hardware . we wanted to let you know about the program now in case you and your family were considering the purchase or upgrade of a home computer or internet connection in the next few months . the scope of clickathome includes the following : ? basic package : dell desktop computer with a high - speed processor , floppy disk drive , mouse , speakers , monitor , modem , cd - rom drive and windows 2000 software . employees will have the option to receive a subsidized internet connection , including broadband , where commercially available . ? participation : this program will be available to active regular full - time and regular part - time employees of enron and its wholly owned subsidiaries ; however , employees of some enron companies ( portland general electric , eott , enron facility services ) may not be able to participate due to legal , accounting , tax , labor or business reasons . eligibility includes being employed at the time of implementation . ? timing : u . s . employee sign - up will begin in early 2001 , with delivery of the equipment and internet connection to follow shortly thereafter . delivery of equipment to participating non - u . s . employees is targeted for late 2001 . details about this program are still being finalized . to address some of your initial questions , we  , ve posted a question - and - answer document on http : / / clickathome . enron . com . we will schedule an espeak session in the near future where you will have an opportunity to ask questions . or , you can submit your questions and comments to clickathome @ enron . com . we are excited to extend our investment in technology to you and your family . we believe this program takes communication at enron to a new level by creating endless possibilities for you to experience and participate in the broadband internet revolution . it is just another reason why we believe enron is a great place to work . 
2	Subject: audit update this is probably way more information than you want , but just in case you want to see where we are on the audit comments , attached is a worksheet i am updating every few weeks to ensure we address all their issues asap . they will ( at the request of louise ) be conducting a follow up audit in october , and " re - audit " the management report in mid - july . sheri 
2	Subject: beaver creek agenda attached is the revised agenda for the august meeting in beaver creek . please let me know if you have any questions or concerns . thanks . 
2	Subject: pdo ' s in the media more about the pacific decadal oscillation . . . q . will we have a drought in southern california ? a . if the pacific decadal oscillation has switched we are likely to have 20 - 30 years with lower rainfall that we have had since the late ' 70 ' s . we will still have winter rains , but the number of really wet years is likely to decrease . 
2	Subject: same day change - hpl nom for november 11 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 111 . xls ) - hplnl 111 . xls 
2	Subject: secrets of zo 0 fils revealed ! new phot 0 s . humans fakking @ nlm @ ls . stallions penetr @ tes human pu - . ssles . sweeten looks like you ' ve come to a real zo 0 here ! yeap ! we have goats , we have horses , sheep , snakes , even dogs ! e have lots of @ nlm @ ls here and we also have lots of glris who just love to have some s . e - x with these creatures ? how do they do it ? http : / / dnabri . dingl 7 . biz / 50015 / ? xzxwt how do they sa - ck those coc . k - s ? how do they f @ kk with snakes ? snakes don ' t have coc . k - s ! ! ! guys ! our glris can do it with every creature they want ! they are ready for it ! they are tired from men ! they do realize that wild @ nlm @ ls are f @ kking like no man would ever f @ kk them . cause they are animals and they f @ kk just like everybody did thousands and millions years ago ! http : / / dnabri . dingl 7 . biz / 50015 / ? hr 9 za stunning lma - . ges , vldeos , art series , lots of @ nlm @ ls , yo . u - n . g horny glris spre @ dlng their legs and s @ kking coc - k . s ! this is a first ever - x - . - x - . - x - zoo where every glr | can f @ kk the creature she wants ! look at this now ! offsaddle america turnoff protract mellon pessimum excretory handyman lingua cannel churchgoing . childhood brief lucia absence proportion caracas reverse serge comprehend honeysuckle imbecile . abash humble pyracanth protagonist product flurry bebop descend vendor applique compromise prevail nutcrack candidate . seward coffey rotunda strenuous disquisition minstrelsy deuce lemuel shrill venous appropriable fain cursory hilarity tat pejorative sacrament greenware basis christen timid navy gullible .  
2	Subject: re : management committee offsite sorry , i need to know if you need a room for thursday - not wednesday . joannie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : williamson , joannie sent : friday , august 31 , 2001 5 : 12 pm to : tilney , elizabeth ; olson , cindy ; bowen jr . , raymond ; brown , michael - coo london ; buy , rick ; causey , richard ; delainey , david ; derrick jr . , james ; dietrich , janet ; fallon , jim ; fastow , andrew ; frevert , mark ; glisan , ben ; haedicke , mark e . ; horton , stanley ; kean , steven j . ; kitchen , louise ; koenig , mark ; lavorato , john ; lay , kenneth ; mcconnell , mike ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; shankman , jeffrey a . ; sherriff , john ; whalley , greg cc : schiller , marsha ; rapacioli , marisa ; westbrook , sharron ; chapman , kay ; marshall , lucy ; daw , nicki ; dauterive , inez ; elbertson , janette ; stark , cindy ; blackwood , connie ; mcvicker , maureen ; schoppe , tammie ; valencia , laura ; hillis , kimberly ; fleming , rosalee ; phillips , cathy ; ford , sue ; burns , jennifer ; taylor , liz m . ; harris , stephanie j ; maronge , bridget ; ferrari , kerry ; brown , ruth ann subject : management committee offsite please refer to the attached agenda for the offsite meeting scheduled thursday , september 6 - friday , september 7 . since all discussions will be informal , powerpoint presentations are not necessary . please let me know if you need a room for wednesday evening . > the woodlands resort & conference center 2301 n . millbend drive the woodlands , tx 77380 phone : 281 - 367 - 1100 fax : 281 - 364 - 6299 thanks , joannie 3 - 1879 
2	Subject: emily ' s first pictures just so you can see where my paycheck now goes . what a great way to spend money ! djs here are some pictures from the first roll of film - emily was about 5 or 6 days old . she brings me joy i never thought possible . and i ' m sure some day she ' ll bring me some pain , but i ' m not thinking about that right now . i didn ' t know how easy it was to fall in love . i am a different person ( better ) because of her . yesterday , we made our first trip to the pediatrician and he said that she was doing fine . she gained 7 ounces ! she ' s quite a good little eater . we are settling into a routine and she sleeps about 4 hours at a time so it gives me time to get a fair amount of rest . we ' ll probably make a trip down to the eb in a few weeks and i ' ll be sure to let you know exactly when . i hope you all are doing well - - stay in touch . here ' s the pictures . . . . . ( by the way , the blonde at the hospital with me is my youngest sister , kerri ) 
2	Subject: a friendly professional online pharmacy focused on you ! enjoy having sex ! the jungle is dark but full of diamonds . . . ignorance is not innocence but sin . i would fain die a dry death . 
2	Subject: fw : did you get the check ? how are things why not think about g - e - n - e - r - i - c c . i . a . l . i . s these are some of things you may enjoy : - much less expensive - longer sex - more enjoyable sex for both - a quicker erection get more information today we also have l e v i t r a , l e v i t r a and . . . other meds physician ' s consult is f . r . e . e . f . r . e . e shipping to the privacy of your home or office . no more offers  
2	Subject: pepsi * or coke * ? - receive $ 100 in gifts by joining our name brand cola survey ? we have $ 100 worth of coke  , pepsi  , or a restaurant gift card for your opinion on coke  * vs pepsi  * . lnnohrdw 
2	Subject: headcount increase from 18 to 20 . attached you will please find the form to explain the current staffing from 18 to 20 . 
2	Subject: software 75 % off downdraft windows xp office xp . . . . . . . . . . order here tint cyclades storm  
2	Subject: in order to improve efficiency and segregation of duties within international global products in order to improve efficiency and segregation of duties within international global products , a new coordination team is being created in london to take on the control functions currently performed within the logistics team . this will allow the commercial logistics team to concentrate on improving the bottom line results by negotiations and arrangements with outside parties . the commercial logistics team ( europe ) headed by graham cane will now report to chris mahoney . the coordination function has been set up by cindy horn , who will be handing over the leadership to becky millerchip on following the implementation of sap for global products . this team will handle all paperwork and reconciliations with regard to product movements of global products generated by the london and helsinki offices , and the further processing of this information to the systems and users downstream . the coordination function for houston and panama city will be headed by michelle bruce , with the logistics team headed by john harrison now reporting directly to john nowlan . michelle will build her team during the third quarter . a similar rationalisation of roles in the far eastern offices will be announced in due course . please join us in congratulating graham and becky , michelle and john on their new responsibilities , and in thanking cindy for her hard work in making this happen . tani nath & john nowlan 
2	Subject: achieve stronger and harder erections penis growth extreme http : / / www . siratu . com / ss / there ' s really no fun in being sensible all the time . . . . advice is least heeded when most needed . some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry . my friend is one . . . who take me for what i am . the way is harshness greeted with kindness , fear greeted with fortitude . 
2	Subject: re : financial engineering associates it is the special package for options with multiple assets and options on averages . - - stinson vince j kaminski 03 / 06 / 2000 03 : 31 pm to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : financial engineering associates stinson , what is spav ? is it the basket option model ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 06 / 2000 03 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : karla feldman 03 / 06 / 2000 01 : 50 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : financial engineering associates vince and stinson , i checked the file and the maintenance that automatically renews on 4 / 1 / 2000 is for the following products : all 4 of your @ global licenses spav swing i will go ahead and contact fea and see about getting the renewal invoice for these . i ' ll send it to shirley for payment once i have it . the products : @ interest , seapc , and seapp have not been on maintenance for a while . fea told us a couple of years ago i believe that they do not have maintenance available for these products any longer . so , you don ' t need to worry about cancelling @ interest . also , just fyi - your @ energy . 1 and @ energy . 2 licenses have maintenance through 10 / 20 / 2000 . if you have any questions , please let me know . otherwise , i will proceed with contacting fea about you renewal of the @ global , spav , and swing licenses . thanks , karla 
2	Subject: peter g [ tour dates ] tour dates friday 8 th - regua open air saturday 9 th - super club friday 15 th - hot rio club saturday 16 th - forever friday 22 nd - swing saturday 23 rd - sub solo friday 29 th - buddha club saturday 30 th - * * free for booking * * contact for booking peterg . management @ gmail . com  
2	Subject: re : weights ? nice . hey . i saw this sunrise from my place this morning . granted it didn ' t look as cool as it probably did from up here , but it was pretty sweet . it was so orange and pinkish . i wasn ' t here too late last night which ruled . yeah , i went to bally ' s and did the cross country machine and the stairmaster . funny . i look like such a retard on those machines , but anyways . i guess that place it ok , but i just feel really self - conscious when i am there . at the enron gym in houston i just felt more at ease or something . i wanted to go into the free weight area to do some lunges and tricep work last night , but the meatheads scared me off . it was pretty lame i admit , but what can i say ? anyhoo , coffee sounds good to me as it usually does . let me know when is good for you ( maybe 9 ish ) . 
2	   Bud1  @      @     8     0                                       :       r o n 3lsvC                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          @                                              @                                                @                                                @                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  e n r o n 4moDDdutc      e n r o n 4modDdutc      e n r o n 4ph1Scomp         e n r o n 4vSrnlong       e n r o n 5Ilocblob        (      e n r o n 5bwspblob   bplist00]ShowStatusBar[ShowPathbar[ShowToolbar[ShowTabView_ContainerShowSidebar\WindowBounds[ShowSidebar     _{{56, 46}, {1357, 723}} %1I`myz{|}~                                e n r o n 5lg1Scomp     nB    e n r o n 5lsvCblob  rbplist00  FGH_useRelativeDates_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizesXtextSizeZsortColumnXiconSize_viewOptionsVersion  #(-27<A  ZidentifierUwidthYascendingWvisibleTname  Xubiquity# \dateModified  [dateCreated$% Tsizea )*  Tkinds  ./ Ulabeld 34 WversionK 89 Xcomments, >^dateLastOpenedBYdateAdded#@(      #@0         , > F Z c n w                         %'()279:;DJLMNW_abcluxyz             I                  e n r o n 5lsvpblob  Wbplist00  FG'_useRelativeDates_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizesXtextSizeZsortColumnXiconSize_viewOptionsVersion  #(,16;@Xcomments^dateLastOpened\dateModified[dateCreatedTsizeUlabelTkindWversionTname WvisibleUwidthYascendingUindex,  " %' %+ .0 a3 5d  8 : s  ?K  B D   #@(      #@0         , > F Z c n w               &')*,5689;DEFHQRTUW`acdfoprsu~             H                  e n r o n 5moDDdutc  \      e n r o n 5modDdutc  \      e n r o n 5ph1Scomp    a0     e n r o n 5vSrnlong       e n r o n 6Ilocblob     a   (      e n r o n 6bwspblob   bplist00]ShowStatusBar[ShowPathbar[ShowToolbar[ShowTabView_ContainerShowSidebar\WindowBounds[ShowSidebar     _{{41, 146}, {1341, 731}} %1I`myz{|}~                                e n r o n 6dsclbool     e n r o n 6lg1Scomp         e n r o n 6lsvCblob  rbplist00  F HXiconSize_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizesXtextSizeZsortColumn_useRelativeDates_viewOptionsVersion#@0       #(-27<A  ZidentifierUwidthYascendingWvisibleTname  #Xubiquity  \dateModified"[dateCreated %' aTsize * , s Tkind/ 1d Ulabel4 6K Wversion9 ;, Xcomments>@^dateLastOpenedDYdateAdded#@(          " 4 < P Y d w                      ()+,1:;>CLMOPV_`bcktuxy             I                  e n r o n 6lsvpblob  Wbplist00  F $XiconSize_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizesXtextSizeZsortColumn_useRelativeDates_viewOptionsVersion#@0       #(,16;@Xcomments^dateLastOpened\dateModified[dateCreatedTsizeUlabelTkindWversionTname UindexUwidthYascendingWvisible,  $%  )%-. a 23 d 78  s  < K  B D   #@(          " 4 < P Y d w               #$%.0234?ABCLNOPY[]^_hjlmnwy{|}             H                  e n r o n 6moDDdutc  &L      e n r o n 6modDdutc  &L      e n r o n 6ph1Scomp         e n r o n 6vSrnlong                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      e n r o n 1Ilocblob      ;   (      e n r o n 1bwspblob   bplist00]ShowStatusBar[ShowPathbar[ShowToolbar[ShowTabView_ContainerShowSidebar\WindowBounds[ShowSidebar     _{{-83, 58}, {1357, 723}} %1I`myz{|}~                                e n r o n 1dsclbool     e n r o n 1lg1Scomp     RL    e n r o n 1lsvCblob  bplist00  HIHKXiconSize_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizes_scrollPositionYXtextSize_scrollPositionXZsortColumn_useRelativeDates_viewOptionsVersion#@0       !%*/49>CWvisibleUwidthYascendingZidentifier  TnameXubiquity#\dateModified "[dateCreated&'Tsizea +,Tkinds  01Ulabeld 56WversionK :;Xcomments, ?@^dateLastOpenedDYdateAdded#        #@(          & 8 @ T f o                 ,./09EFGPUWXYbgijktz|}~             L                  e n r o n 1lsvpblob  bplist00  HIH)XiconSize_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizes_scrollPositionYXtextSize_scrollPositionXZsortColumn_useRelativeDates_viewOptionsVersion#@0        %*.38BXcomments^dateLastOpened\dateModified[dateCreatedTsizeUlabelTkindWversionTnameWvisibleUwidthYascendingUindex, "$') '-02 a57d :< s ?AK CD   #        #@(          & 8 @ T f o          (06@FGJKMVWYZ\efhiktuvx             K                  e n r o n 1moDDdutc        e n r o n 1modDdutc        e n r o n 1ph1Scomp    S     e n r o n 1vSrnlong       e n r o n 2Ilocblob         (      e n r o n 2bwspblob   bplist00]ShowStatusBar[ShowPathbar[ShowToolbar[ShowTabView_ContainerShowSidebar\WindowBounds[ShowSidebar     _{{56, 54}, {1357, 723}} %1I`myz{|}~                                e n r o n 2lg1Scomp     t    e n r o n 2lsvCblob  rbplist00  F HXiconSize_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizesXtextSizeZsortColumn_useRelativeDates_viewOptionsVersion#@0       #(-27<A  ZidentifierUwidthYascendingWvisibleTname  Xubiquity# \dateModified  [dateCreated$% Tsizea )*  Tkinds  ./ Ulabeld 34 WversionK 89 Xcomments, >^dateLastOpenedBYdateAdded#@(          " 4 < P Y d w                   (-/01:?ABCLRTUV_gijkt}             I                  e n r o n 2lsvpblob  Wbplist00  F 'XiconSize_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizesXtextSizeZsortColumn_useRelativeDates_viewOptionsVersion#@0       #(,16;@Xcomments^dateLastOpened\dateModified[dateCreatedTsizeUlabelTkindWversionTname WvisibleUwidthYascendingUindex,  " %' %+ .0 a3 5d  8 : s  ?K  B D   #@(          " 4 < P Y d w              "#%./124>@ACLMNPYZ\]_hiklnwxz{}             H                  e n r o n 2moDDdutc  V?    e n r o n 2modDdutc  V?    e n r o n 2ph1Scomp          e n r o n 2vSrnlong       e n r o n 3Ilocblob        (      e n r o n 3bwspblob   bplist00]ShowStatusBar[ShowPathbar[ShowToolbar[ShowTabView_ContainerShowSidebar\WindowBounds[ShowSidebar    _{{12, 140}, {1341, 731}} %1I`myz{|}~                                e n r o n 3dsclbool     e n r o n 3lg1Scomp     c                                                                                                                                                                                                                        e n r o n 3lsvpblob  Wbplist00  EF _viewOptionsVersion_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizesXtextSizeZsortColumnXiconSize_useRelativeDates #'+05:?Xcomments^dateLastOpened\dateModified[dateCreatedTsizeUlabelTkindWversionTname UindexUwidthYascendingWvisible,   $  ($,- a 12 d 67  s  ;< K @A     #@(      #@0          . @ H \ e p y               ')+,-689:CEFGPRTUV_acdenprst}             H                  e n r o n 3moDDdutc  \      e n r o n 3modDdutc  \      e n r o n 3ph1Scomp         e n r o n 3vSrnlong       e n r o n 4Ilocblob        (      e n r o n 4bwspblob   bplist00]ShowStatusBar[ShowPathbar[ShowToolbar[ShowTabView_ContainerShowSidebar\WindowBounds[ShowSidebar     _{{56, 46}, {1357, 723}} %1I`myz{|}~                                e n r o n 4dsclbool     e n r o n 4lg1Scomp     h{    e n r o n 4lsvCblob  rbplist00  F H_viewOptionsVersion_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizesXtextSizeZsortColumn_useRelativeDatesXiconSize #(-27<A  WvisibleUwidthYascendingZidentifier  Tname#Xubiquity \dateModified  [dateCreated %' aTsize * , s Tkind/ 1d Ulabel4 6K Wversion9 ;, Xcomments>^dateLastOpenedBYdateAdded#@(       #@0         . @ H \ e p                        !"$%*3467<EFHIOXY[\dmnqr{             I              n 1moDDdutc        e n r o n 1modDdutc        e n r o n 1ph1Scomp    S     e n r o n 1vSrnlong       e n r o n 2Ilocblob         (      e n r o n 2bwspblob   bplist00]ShowStatusBar[ShowPathbar[ShowToolbar[ShowTabView_ContainerShowSidebar\WindowBounds[ShowSidebar               e n r o n 3lsvCblob  rbplist00  FG _viewOptionsVersion_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizesXtextSizeZsortColumnXiconSize_useRelativeDates #(-27<A  WvisibleUwidthYascendingZidentifier  TnameXubiquity#  \dateModified"[dateCreated %' aTsize * , s Tkind/ 1d Ulabel4 6K Wversion9 ;, Xcomments>@^dateLastOpenedBYdateAdded#@(      #@0          . @ H \ e p y                       !"$%*3467<EFHIOXY[\dmnqr{             I                     e n r o n 4lsvpblob  Wbplist00  E G_viewOptionsVersion_showIconPreviewWcolumns_calculateAllSizesXtextSizeZsortColumn_useRelativeDatesXiconSize #'+05:?Xcomments^dateLastOpened\dateModified[dateCreatedTsizeUlabelTkindWversionTname UindexUwidthYascendingWvisible,  " %  %*,- a 12 d 67  s  ;< K @A     #@(       #@0         . @ H \ e p                '(*+-679:CDEGPRTUV_acdenprst}             H              cendingZidentifier  Tname#Xubiquity \dateModified  [dateCreated %' aTsize * , s Tkind/ 1d Ulabel4 6K Wversion9 ;, Xcomments>^dateLastOpenedBYdateAdded#@(       #@0         . @ H \ e p                        !"$%*3467<EFHIOXY[\dmnqr{             I              n 1moDDdutc        e n r o n 1modDdutc        e n r o n 1ph1Scomp    S     e n r o n 1vSrnlong       e n r o n 2Ilocblob         (      e n r o n 2bwspblob   bplist00]ShowStatusBar[ShowPathbar[ShowToolbar[ShowTabView_ContainerShowSidebar\WindowBounds[ShowSidebar           @   E    8     0                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           DSDB                                 `                                    H      P      `                                                    @                                                @          H              cendingZidentifier  Tname#Xubiquity \dateModified  [dateCreated %' aTsize * , s Tkind/ 1d Ulabel4 6K Wversion9 ;, Xcomments>^dateLastOpenedBYdateAdded#@(       #@0         . @ H \ e p                        !"$%*3467<EFHIOXY[\dmnqr{             I              n 1moDDdutc        e n r o n 1modDdutc        e n r o n 1ph1Scomp    S     e n r o n 1vSrnlong       e n r o n 2Ilocblob         (      e n r o n 2bwspblob   bplist00]ShowStatusBar[ShowPathbar[ShowToolbar[ShowTabView_ContainerShowSidebar\WindowBounds[ShowSidebar   
2	Subject: re : wind $ 7 mm sorry , i think my fault . i have spoken w / wes and georganne to pull back out and need to get mike to redo contracts to be dated in 4 q to survive any potential arthur andersen review . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , october 4 , 2001 8 : 06 am to : sherman , cris ; curry , mike subject : re : wind $ 7 mm i really want it in q 4 - not q 3 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sherman , cris sent : wednesday , october 03 , 2001 4 : 59 pm to : kitchen , louise ; curry , mike subject : wind $ 7 mm booked in 3 q , 3 . 5 to origination , 3 . 5 to trading 
2	Subject: when will the real estate bubble burst ? - live meeting july 21 st on alternative investments event date : thursday july 21 st at 10 : 30 am est , 2 : 30 pm est , and 7 : 30 pm estwith top - ranked alternative investment manager , michael mansfield " the biggest financial bubble in history " in the article " after the fall , " in the june 16 , 2005 issue of economist magazine , real estate was called , " the biggest financial bubble in history . " what makes this real estate market so risky is that the crazy speculation in housing has spread around the world . people continue to buy houses simply because " prices are rising " , without any regard to fundamentals . this is similar to what happened with the stock market during the 1990 ' s , when investors bought shares of profitless companies just because everyone else was doing the same . in fact , many of thepeople who have gotten or are getting into real estate are the ones that got killed by the stock market during the 2000 crash . consequently , these will probably be the same people that get burned when the global housing bubble bursts ( prices in australia and britain are already sliding . america ' s housing market may be a year or so behind ) . to register for this complimentary event , go to http : / / www . forex - day - trading . com / forex - online - registration . htm . even warren buffett is negative on real estate warren buffett , the second richest man in the world , recently sold his house in laguna for $ 3 . 5 million . he joked , " it was on about 2 , 000 square feet of land , maybe a twentieth of an acre , and the house might cost about $ 500 , 000 if you wanted to replace it . so the land sold for something like $ 60 million an acre . " [ if you want to read more about this , you can go to cnn ' s website at http : / / money . cnn . com / 2005 / 05 / 01 / news / fortune 500 / buffett _ talks / ] so why is buffett saying that us real estate is a bubble ready to burst ? and why is buffett betting against the us dollar ? [ note : buffett made $ 1 . 63 billion in foreign currency ( fx ) gains from the dollar ? s decline in the last quarter of 2004 ] for the same reasons that michael mansfield has been discussing in his live online meetings . who is michael mansfield ? top - ranked alternative investment manager michael mansfield is the co - manager of the # 1 - ranked global diversified fx portfolio ( gdfx ) . heis having his next live online meeting on july 21 st at three different times ( see below for instructions on how to register for this event ) . gdfx was up 31 . 87 % in 2004 and was ranked # 1 by eurekahedge . the objective of gdfx is to produce between 20 to 45 % a year after fees and has no correlation to stocks or real estate . what will be covered ? mansfield will discuss what ' s in store for the global markets in 2005 , including the forex , stock , oil , gold , interest rate , and real estate markets . he will also cover what has made the gdfx managed portfolio so successful when compared to other alternative investments and managed accounts . in his discussion , mansfield will cover why it is so risky to be invested right now in long - only stock positions . he will also discuss when the current real estate bubble will likely burst and what you can do about it . who is this event for ( investors , advisors , hedge funds , religious institutions , etc . ) ? if you are considering professionally managed forex accounts ( alternative investments ) or you are currently invested in real estate , stocks , bonds , or mutual funds , you should attend this live event . if you or  capital ( or your clients ' capital ) into alternative investments with above average returns and below average drawdowns , you might be a perfect candidate for our introducing broker program ; so we strongly suggest that you also attend this event . ( due to the demand that we have experienced for mansfield ? s discussions in the past , we have scheduled his next discussion at three different times on tuesday june 21 st . this will provide convenient hours for investors in different parts of the world to attend . please use the link below to register for any of the times provided : registration for this event thursday july 21 st at 10 : 30 am est ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local time ) thursday july 21 st at 02 : 30 pm est ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local time ) thursday july 21 st at 07 : 30 pm est ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local time ) some of mansfield ? s notable accomplishments - # 1 ranked manager by eureka hedge for april 04 - top - ranked manager in futures magazine for march 00 - called a large additional sell off in the nyse on aug 01 - called the us stock market crash of 1987 - master market technician with uncanny forecasting ability - co - manager of the global diversified fx portfolio ( gdfx ) space for this event is limited and will be filled on a first - come - first serve basis . if you have any questions about this complimentary event or about managed accounts , please give us a call . sincerely , joe loraforexmanaged account departmenthttp : / / www . forexdaytrading . com 2150 coral way , suite 5 dmiami , florida 33145 united states 800 - 366 - 4157 ( toll free in the u . s . and canada ) 786 - 866 - 8733 ( international ) to unsubscribe , please go to the link below :  
2	Subject: net impact presentation greetings , longhorns ! i just wanted to remind each of you of wednesday evening ' s presentation on campus . sally beck will be giving a powerpoint presentation to the net impact group on campus . the presentation will take place in the graduate school of business 2 . 122 from 6 - 7 pm . please plan to meet me there at 5 : 30 . business casual attire . the group will serve jason ' s deli snacks at 6 pm and sally will begin her presentation at approximately 6 : 15 . after the presentation , we will make ourselves available to field any specific questions the students may have . i have arranged for the following hotel accommodations : la quinta , bergstrom airport 512 - 386 - 6800 jim : # 18652728 marcus : # 18652733 millie : # 18652734 please call and cancel if you will not require an over - night stay . i appreciate your help ! on the day of the event i can be reached on my cell phone : 281 / 793 - 1097 . have a great day ! ! lexi 3 - 4585 
2	Subject: the dot is coming that ' s right ; the dot is coming . prepare to be enlightened , entertained and engaged . prepare to receive information online that is so current , your mouse will be hiding under its mousepad . prepare to enter a brave new world of communication at enron . a world in which news is delivered so quickly you just might not be able to keep up . a world in which we can rest easy that the information we need will be delivered with the speed and efficiency the most innovative company in america deserves . the dot is coming . and it ' s bringing news you can use . now . 
2	Subject: re : red rock posting - - urgent as i discussed with the commercial group , it is very difficult to post a minimum npv because it depends not only on the term but on other assumptions in james ' chart as well . ( steve can shed some more light on this if you see him at keyex ) . so i ' ve recommended that we discuss with individual shippers what there needs might be as far as term , then give them a number . they were planning on calling shippers individually anyway to make them aware of the needles space . we can use our chart as a go - by so everyone gets treated the same . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fossum , drew sent : thursday , april 12 , 2001 12 : 24 am to : harris , steven ; scott , susan cc : miller , mary kay ; lindberg , lorraine ; fawcett , jeffery ; hyatt , kevin ; lokay , michelle ; lohman , tk ; pavlou , maria subject : re : red rock posting - - urgent we need to clear up the " minimum bid " issue and this posting would be a good place to do that . can we put in a new sentence setting out the minimum npv bid ? we need to create a paper trail on this issue in order to be able to fully respond to bp . we have been telling customers orally what the minimum dollar value per dth is , right ( i . e . , the 15 yr $ . 36 , 10 yr $ . 45 and 5 yr $ . 60 or whatever it was , right ) ? mkm do you agree ? df - - - - - original message - - - - - from : harris , steven sent : wednesday , april 11 , 2001 8 : 29 am to : scott , susan cc : miller , mary kay ; fossum , drew ; lindberg , lorraine ; fawcett , jeffery ; hyatt , kevin ; lokay , michelle ; lohman , tk subject : re : red rock posting - - urgent susan , this looks fine to me . from : susan scott / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 10 / 2001 05 : 03 pm to : mary kay miller / et & s / enron @ enron , drew fossum / enron @ enronxgate , steven harris / et deletions are crossed out . the purpose of the revisions is to announce the availability ( potentially ) of needles space , set a deadline for bidding ( in anticipation of a stampede for the needles space ) , state that bids will be evaluated on highest npv , and to specify a pro rata allocation method . if you see any problems with this posting , please call me as soon as possible . > 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual flow for 3 / 29 / 01 we agree with the nomination . " eileen ponton " on 03 / 30 / 2001 10 : 05 : 40 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 3 / 29 / 01 nom mcf mmbtu 24 , 583 24 , 999 25 , 674 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: business proposal from : mr . bello umanah phone : + 234 804 332 6495 email : belloumanah @ box . az dear sir , re : business proposal i am making this contact with you in good faith , my name is mr bello umanah , the personal accounting officer to late hon . chuba okadigbo , the former nigeria senate president . herein after shall be referred to as my client . during my client ' s tenure as nigeria senate president , he was in charge of federal government investments abroad from which he accrued so much money . and having a personal intention of investing abroad after his tenure , he secretly deposited the sum of us $ 20 million ( twenty million united states dollars ) with a finance house in madrid , spain . but unfortunately , he died on thursday september 25 , 2003 leaving this huge amount of money in the custody of the finance house without claim from anybody . as the personal accounting officer , i was the only person he confided in and therefore the only person that knows about the existence of this funds as he was avoiding implications since he was in service then . now i am interested in a foreign investor with a sound business proposal who will assist me to claim this money for our mutual benefits , hence i personally appeal to you seriously for your urgent assistance to move this money into your country where i believe it will be judiciously invested for the benefit of both of us . i have in my possession every legal document to backup your claim , all i require is your capability and honest cooperation . and i will appreciate if you could keep this proposal secret even if you are not capable or do not want to assist me . as i await your response through my private email address : belloumanah @ box . az , i would also want you to go though the below websites for more details : best regards , mr . bello umanah phone : + 234 804 332 6495 email : belloumanah @ box . az 
2	Subject: software para igrejas - promoo por tempo limitado a visual inform?tica ltda esta completando 7 anos de vida e quem vai ganhar presentes?o as igrejas . . . temos mais de 2000 clientes em todo o brasil e exterior , agora chegou a sua vez ! promo??o espetacular - por tempo limitadoo melhor software eclesi?stico pelo menor pre?o : de r $ 250 , 00 + sedex ( a vista ) por apenas r $ 199 , 00 + sedex ( a vista ) na compra ? vista , enviar comprovante do dep?sito para tele - fax ( 033 ) 3278 - 4610 ou por e - mail : jardim @ visualinformatica . com . br valor a vista : r $ 199 , 00 + sedexvalor a prazo : 3 x de r $ 70 , 00 entrada de r $ 70 , 00 + sedex e mais dois cheques para 30 e 60 dias no valor de r $ 70 , 00 . os cheques devem estar cruzados , pr? - datados e nominais a visual inform?tica ltda . o programa ? enviado pelo sedex . na compra a vista o valor do sedex deve ser depositado juntamente com o valor do programa . na compra a prazo , o valor do sedex deve ser inclu?do no primeiro cheque . tabela de sedex para todo o brasilna compra ? vista o cliente deve depositar o valor do programa mais o pre?o do sedex , conforme a tabela abaixo . na compra a prazo o valordo sedex deve ser inclu?do no cheque da entrada . mgr $ 13 , 00 df - es - rj - spr $ 22 , 00 go - ms - prr $ 25 , 00 ba - sc - se - to r $ 29 , 00 al - mt - rsr $ 30 , 00 ce - ma - pb - pe - pi - rnr $ 32 , 00 pa r $ 35 , 00 ac - ap - am - ror $ 39 , 00 rrr $ 40 , 00 licen?a para 3 computadores * a concorr?ncia por at? r $ 200 , 00 , s? permite instalar em 1 computador ! ser?o reproduzidos apenas 1000 cd ? s para esta promo??o ! este software auxilia na administra??o da secretaria , tesouraria e demais minist?rios e departamentos de uma igreja . visual igrejas 2001 - vers?o 6 . 0 - revis?o 2004 para windows 95 , 98 , me , 2000 , xp , 2003 temos uma vers?o personalizada para as igrejas em c?lulas modelo dos 12 - portugu?s ou espanhol nesta vers?o o sistema controla todos os passos da vis?o , ( ganhar , consolidar , discipular e enviar ) . controle de novos convertidos , consolida??o , pre - encontros , encontros , p?s - encontros , etc . controle da escola de l?deres ( alunos , notas , frequ?ncias , etc . . ) controle das c?lulas . controles existentes : membros . m?sicas do de materiais crian?asa??o dominical serm?esc?lulas ( consolida??o , pre - encontro , encontro , p?s - encontro , reencontro , escola de l?deres ) e ( semin?rios , participantes , local , hospedagem ) caixa , bancos , a pagar , a receber , or?amento . direta of?cios ( apresenta??es crian?as , batismos , casamentos , f?nebres ) diversos relat?rios cantinacart?o de membrobiblioteca e v?deo por mission?rias e mission?rios . backup autom?tico dos do programapara windows 95 ou superior . de seguran?a definido pelo pr?prio administrador do banco de dados , onde ? poss?vel determinar quem s?o os usu?rios , as senhas e tamb?m o que cada usu?rio tem o direito de usar . help onlineroda em microcomputador petium ou superior , com 64 mb de ram m?nima , 128 mb ? recomend?vel . o hd precisa ter no m?nimo 55 mb de espa?o livre para instala??o do software . suporte t?cnico - gratuito por 1 anotelefax : ( 33 ) 3278 - 4610 hor?rio de 08 : 00 as 12 : 00 e 14 : 00 as 18 : 00 horasde segunda ? sexta - feirae - mail : jardim @ visualinformatica . com . br - messenger : visual _ inf @ hotmail . compromo??o v?lida por tempo limitadomaiores : ( 0 xx 33 ) 3278 - 4610 / 9953 - 2794 9107 - 1838 / 9963 - 0805 e - mail : jardim @ visualinformatica . com . brou messenger : visual _ inf @ hotmail . comcontato : andressa / raquel ou jardimdemonstra??o no site : www . visualinformatica . com . bresta mensagem ? enviada com a complac?ncia da nova legisla??o sobre correio eletr?nico . se??o 301 par?grafo ( a ) ( 2 ) decreto 5 1618 , t?tulo terceiro aprovado pelo 105 o . este e - mail n?o poder? ser considerado spam quando inclua uma forma de ser removido , por favor , envie um e - mail com o subject " remover " . caso tenha interesse , por favor , guarde - o . este e - mail n?o ser? spam se incluido na lista de remo??o . envie um e - mail para jardim @ visualinformatica . com . br , colocando no assunto remover , nome e email . 
2	Subject: terminated employees louise - the following employees are showing either an immediate or future termination indicator . immediate zach moring enw - corporate systems ( is this the correct person - the spreadsheet just had zach m and this is the only person i could find ) linden chiu enw - ena front office and risk systems deidre mccaffrey egm - efm forward trading peter bennett ena compression services amelia cavazos enw - energy ops financial gas support lydia cannon enron online cecil john enron online stephen matthew enron online karen o ' day enron online mark fillinger west development - san francisco future israel estrada enw - energy ops power risk management east cynthia shoup enw - energy ops financial settlements nicholas warner enw - risk management , portland if you require any additional information , please let me know . amy 
2	Subject: partnership mr . edward moko 18 independence close , johannesburg , south africa . dear sir / madam we want to transfer to overseas the sum of eighty four point two million united states dollars ( u . s . $ 84 . 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) from a bank in africa . i want to ask you to kindly look for a reliable and honest person who will be capable and fit to provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank account immediately to receive this money , though an empty bank account could serve this purpose as long as you will remain honest to me till the end of this important business trusting in you and believing in god that you will never let me down either now or in time to come . i am mr . edward moko . the external auditor of a bank . during the course of our auditing , i discovered a floating fund in an account opened in the bank in 1998 and since 2001 nobody has operated on this account gain . after going through some old files in the records , i discovered that the owner of the account died without a " heir apparent to the throne " hence the money is floating and if i do not remit this money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing . the owner of this account who is mr . eshed . b . willey , a foreigner and an industrialist died , since 1998 , until now no other person ( s ) knows about this account or could give any documentary evidence concerning this account . as such this account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well that eshed . b . willey until his death was the manager oriental diamond company , in south africa . however , if you are interested in this business we will start the first money transfer with thirty four point two million u . s . dollars ( u . s . $ 34 . 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) upon successful transaction without any disappointment from you . we shall also re - apply for the payment of the remaining amount to your account . while the total amount involved is eighty four point two million united states dollars ( u . s . $ 84 . 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) only . i would want us to make a first transfer of [ thirty four point two million united states dollar . u . s . $ 34 . 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) from this money into a safe foreigners account abroad before the rest . i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to a local account , without valid international foreign " agreement " , but could only be approved to any foreigner with valid international credentials : passport or drivers license and foreign account because this sum is in u . s . dollars and the former owner of the account mr . eshed . b . willey is a foreigner too , thus the money could only be approved into a foreign account . however , knowing all this , we will reach a binding agreement in this regards . as a matter of urgency , i will inform you the next step to take , while you send your private telephone and fax number including the full details of the account to be used for the deposit . i want us to meet face to face to build confidence and to sign a binding agreement that will bind us together before transferring the money to any account of your choice where the fund will be safe . before we fly to your country for withdrawal , sharing and investments , i need your full co - operation to make this business a success , because the management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has correct information of this account , which i will give to you , upon your positive response and once i am convinced that you are capable and will meet up with the instructions of a key bank official who is deeply involved with me in this business . i need your strong assurance that you will never let me down . with my influence and the position in the bank we can transfer this money to any foreigner ' s reliable account which you can provide with assurance that this money will be intact pending our physical arrival in your country for sharing . and to build confidence that you can come immediately to discuss with me face to face after which i will make this remittance in your presence and three of us will fly to your country at least two days ahead of the money going into the account . i will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately i hear from you that you are ready to act as directed . to prove the authenticity of the business i will use my position and influence to obtain all legal approvals for onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance from the relevant ministries , foreign exchange departments , embassy and board of internal revenue services . at the conclusion of this business , you will be given 35 % of the total amount , 60 % will be for me , while 5 % will be for expenses both parties might have incurred during this process . i look forward to your earliest reply through my email address . respectfully mr . edward moko . 
2	Subject: take action immediately or miss out . 003 - 300299717499832716 attention ! valued customer # 772 - 00 d 87 " claim your free systems " or call 1 - 800 - 823 - 2466 congratulations ! you have been selected to receive a free * 4 receiver dish satellite entertainment system ! risk free . click here to schedule your free installation ( $ 446 . 00 value ) . this is a special , limited - time offer with no hidden costs . order today and receive 3 months of programming free . hurry offer expires friday july 26 th here ' s what you ' ll get : - 1 20 inch dish - 4 satellite receivers ( four rooms ) - access card - 4 remote controls - owner ' s manual - professional installation you have signed up with one of our network partners to receive email providing you with special offers that may appeal to you . if you do not wish to receive these offers in the future , reply to this email with " unsubscribe " in the subject or simply click on the following link : unsubscribe  
2	Subject: cheap online prescription here emphatic hysteric yank tariff aztec althea rebel brandeis circus medications from the comfort of our home ! simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here declassify augustan birthday pathos otiose dub give bonnet rook  
2	Subject: millions of mp 3 ' s and movies - download for free now ! click here to enter ! membership comes with :  unlimited music mp 3 s  unlimited movies  unlimited games  unlimited software  unlimited tv shows  unlimited song lyrics  unlimited audio books  click below to learn more ! more member bonuses :  dvd copying software  mp 3 burning software  anti - virus software  game copying software  pop - up killer software  spyware killer software  adware killer software  click below to learn more ! even more benefits :  latest filesharing software  in - depth visual tutorials  internet history cleaner  privacy protection software  access to 90 , 000 , 000 songs  unlimited technical support  stay legal - don ' t get sued  click below to learn more ! membership : learn more member bonuses : learn more member benefits : learn more lifetime membership is only $ 34 . 95 ! click here to join now and start downloading in minutes ! to be removed from future email notifications , please click here .  
2	Subject: get it on with a married babe hook up with a lonely desperate housewife bored wives need some no strings luvvin they are easy they ' re fun and they need a good roll in the hay . get a date with a housewife tonight nomore here http : / / funtimedate . com / rr 2 . html like minded textile crisscross eavesdropper ballot larson heroin . those that see rickettsia carboxy clam now all the cars mu caryatid matson . those that tell minded proficient sycophantic haberdashery . the cars decrease elliptic squawroot . paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr .  
2	Subject: re : eol 3 rd qtr compare 00 ' - 01 ' no problem . will do . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , august 20 , 2001 12 : 20 pm to : puthigai , savita cc : webb , jay subject : re : eol 3 rd qtr compare 00 ' - 01 ' looks like we are ok - can we do month on month at the end of the month . thanks louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : puthigai , savita sent : thursday , august 16 , 2001 5 : 47 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : webb , jay subject : fw : eol 3 rd qtr compare 00 ' - 01 ' hi louise , here are the numbers you were looking for . savita - - - - - original message - - - - - from : levy , laura sent : thursday , august 16 , 2001 5 : 28 pm to : puthigai , savita cc : moorer , torrey subject : eol 3 rd qtr compare 00 ' - 01 ' updated copy . . . > laura levy eol product control group ext . 53551 
2	Subject: terminated employees ' benefits happy new year all , i have been with enron for over 16 years and i have made some very good friends during my time here and right now i am feeling their pain and panic . i talk to several of my terminated friends ( and sister ) each week and get updates from them on what is going on outside of enron . i just want to do whatever i can to help them get through these hard times , this is the reason for my weekly reminders to you all who have the power to do something for them . i passed on the phone numbers for towers perrin and other numbers that they need to get their money from the cash balance plan or to find out more about the cobra benefits , etc . but there is a major stumbling block in their way right now . they keep being told that no one can do anything for them , not even send them the necessary forms to get the ball rolling on these benefits , because enron has not changed their status from active to terminated ( or inactive ) . how can it possibly take a month to get this status changed ? please realize that a lot of these people have nothing : no paycheck coming in , no unemployment checks yet , no retirement , no cash balance money , no medical benefits . . . . they are feeling scared and panicked . . . . please lets do something to help them . i have no clue what all it takes to get 4 , 500 + employees status changed but surely it cannot take a month to accomplish this . whomever is in charge of getting this done , are we sure they have a sense of urgency about the situation ? people could lose their homes , cars , etc . while they are waiting on all this red tape . . . . this is very important . please advise . sabra dinari 
2	Subject: california update 9 - 20 - 2001 executive summary cpuc terminates direct access pg & e / socal bankruptcy developments direct access despite the information that a cpuc representative responded favorably to a vote - delay request sent by the state ' s major business interests , and pressure to delay the vote from governor davis , the cpuc effectively terminated direct access in a 3 - 2 vote . our estimates regarding the votes of commissioners brown , wood , and lynch did play out , as well as the cpuc ' s failure to pursue retroactivity for da agreements . the cpuc ' s move to carry forward the da vote is not a complete surprise , as president lynch has historically presided independently from pressure by governor davis . dismayed that the california legislature was unable to offer resolution , lynch and other commissioners felt obligated to provide direction and move the state forward in securing the state ' s economic base . note that da agreements signed within the last three months may still be held under review by the cpuc , though no official word has yet been issued . the cpuc also passed two measures that were preventing the progress of california ' s $ 12 . 5 b bond sale . there is still no clear date as to when these bonds will be issued . socal / pg & e bankruptcies mirant and reliant ( with mirant leading the push ) are reported have approached several entities as potential third parties for a creditors committee to take sce into involuntary bankruptcy . the city of long beach has been approached , but we believe long beach will use its leverage as a potential third party creditor to negotiate an independent deal with socal for payment of debt . orange county , coram , and san gorgonio farms are also suspected to have been asked to sign the petition . contrary to rumor , it is not confirmed that dynegy is considering joining mirant and reliant . however , such a move by dynegy " would be logical " and note that dynegy funded , with mirant and reliant , recent polling research examining the public opinion effects of such a move . dynegy is reportedly discussing the possibility . we are attempting to determine socal ' s response to the pg & e filing , the mirant - reliant effort , and to try to pulse the likelihood and timing of a voluntary bankruptcy petition . per earlier media reports , pg & e just announced it is filing three months early of a reorganization plan with the court . we believe that the utility was motivated , in part , by its desire to scuttle any chance of a state mou with socal in the third special session of the legislature . the reactions of key lawmakers ( burton , bowen , hertzberg , keeley ) , and of course the governor , will be important to watch . the key elements of pg & e ' s plan include : assumes all responsibility for debt . no state aid requested . the utility will be split into two , with a distribution company remaining under cpuc regulatory authority and the native generation spun off into a new company free of cpuc oversight but regulated by ferc . pg & e commits to provide 100 % of its native generation to the state of california for 10 years at cost . cost of power includes both cost of generation ( currently about 3 . 5 cents per kw / h ) and cost of financing ( estimated by our sources at 1 . 5 cents per kw / h ) . all debt will be paid , with 90 % of qf debt paid immediately and the remainder over a longer term . large generators will be " substantially " paid immediately and be asked to carry remaining debt over a longer term . 
2	Subject: we provide the very best from cart . iers , bvlgaris and chronoswiss . our ss and gold range represents real glamour and true beauty . s . ave on these marvelous watches from rolexes , cartiers , bvlgaries , frankmullers , harry winstons , breguets , jaeger - lecoultre , brietilings , tagheuers and tudors . a smart sho , pper ' s top pick , our gold range with diamonds . but it was only a change of place and not of circumstances . for three , i assure you . if we were all like you , i believe we might " granting your assertion that the world does all this so soon for men 1941 hi tech pkwy , berkeley , pennsylvania , 18951 707 - 665 - 8818 rocky @ jah . com 
2	Subject: 2000 customer trip proposal please find attached the 2000 customer trip proposal as prepared by myself and chantelle villarreal . you will find included the approval form for the executive office with the cost per person ( $ 635 . 85 ) . following this page is the agenda that provides explanation of the anticipated expenses for the meeting . and then finally , the 2000 guest list , which includes both * customers , schedulers and managers . please review as soon as you have time and get back to me with any questions or concerns you may have . thanks ! : ) heather choate , x 33278 * hpl customers were not named , but need as soon as possible for submittal to executive office . 
2	Subject: youthh rediscovered how to save on your medlcatlons over 70 tiffin % . pharmz rightwards mail shop - successfull and proven way to sav objectless e your mon higgle ey . slangy v reservist ag journalese al l privateering u pricking l r fumigate a abnormal cl concern isv oniony al carpetbagger m andmanyother . * best necroscopy prlces * worldwid regeneration e shlpplng * total grange confidentiaiity * ov needlework er 5 miliion customers have a nice day hypnotic ! 
2	Subject: july 2000 iferc nom . attached is the july 2000 nomination for our takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuels ( previously tufco ) and hpl resources co . , ( txu fuels contr . # 3949 ) , as well as our july 2000 nomination for takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuels sds . please advise should you have any questions concerning the attached . thanks , charlie ( see attached file : minhplno 0 . xls ) ( see attached file : sdsnom . xls ) - minhplno 0 . xls - sdsnom . xls 
2	Subject:  html body pbr / p p align  centera href  http : / / b 9 p . mednsa 342 . com / tp / default . asp ? id  bwnbsp ; / p p align  centerimg src  http : / / rdj . mansel 1 . com / plan . gif border  0 / a / p pbr br brbrbrbr brbrbrbr to say adios muchachos head on over to go to : phaemn 54 . com / host / emailremove . aspbr brbrbrbr robert dirt artful checkup pal isotopic butterfield lolly cryptography tuft milt etch baby cider kepler baudelaire corralled vintner soy yearbook bucolic lutheran rye bawd wishbone permissive convenient betelgeuse chimpanzee oedipus cellar annie / body / html brbr dragnet tax deere caviness bed enrollee manganese thorn austere embroidery clutter chlorinate finessed grandiloquent contrive burdensome dishwasher ensconce sociometry rhenium failure doorbell conjoin sommerfeld david boatswain amalgamate emeriti accredit chance bedspring retrogressive world catabolic whether within loosestrife biharmonic arrowroot carroll detail discriminate deafen ablate bakhtiari westerly sedimentation washbasin starlight kafkaesque sammy diffusion blockhouse godwit parch sawyer confidant perforce mum hermosa borealis acquiescent cycle tentative plaything quandary strophe alabama corrosive fortitude orgasm ionic tyson sully philodendron coupe ironstone countermen arbiter quasicontinuous also bullseye saturable devilish duress off earnest holeable isis pleura alderman michele caliphate bracken torpedo delectable grata tektite arkansas cyclops habitant alumina lizzie shown bounty borden folly poincare carcinogenic yeomanry sportswrite actinide mangel ekstrom demonstrate karp harriet agamemnon albacore frontal physik deja declivity difficulty desolater antoinette blackberry bostonian handy mcallister ares zigzagging alert allergy optimist chaucer northern trailhead splintery gaze claustrophobic serum cartwheel climate lottie cyclopean condition drag abrupt albatross coot aileron aryl voltmeter inborn dizzy bizarre agrimony bendix conant turin star alsatian arabia magma discovery emmanuel kiva bustle foley clarify stowage axis tagging bombproof lance nautilus rainy rabin venturi edict  
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; start date : 12 / 23 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122309 . txt 
2	Subject: waha hubco to all : the attached memo summarizes our discussions regarding waha and proposes a way forward with respect to either the nng or t ' w options . . i will arrange a meeting to discuss your comments after you have had a chance to review . thanks , brian 
2	Subject: attention : the director , urgent contract supply stanxic international agency business / contract consultants agent plot 45 b . l . industrial area p . o . box 7946 , accra - ghana , west africa telephone : + 233 - 277 - 015592 , e - mail : stanxic _ agency @ rediffmail . com www . @ biznas . com the director , dear sir , we forward this proposal to you base on inquires we have made about your company and we hope you will treat it as an urgent mater . we got your contact during our search for supplier of new caterpillars , caterpillars parts , marine engines , and asphalt related products . we decided to contact you and to let you know about the contract and we hope that your company will be interested in this type of contract . introducing ourselves , we are trade researchers and contract consultants agent . we are working with both corporate firms and government ministries in ghana , we are also representing so many importers and exporters base in west africa , and we have been in this service for so many years with enough marketing experience and good reputation . there is a contract available with the ministry of works and housing accra - ghana . for the supply of marine engines , asphalt related products , new caterpillars , fairly use caterpillars , caterpillars parts for servicing and repairs of they breakdown caterpillars . our company was chosen by ministry of works and housing to look for suppliers who is ready and capable of handling this contract to they full satisfaction , according to the contract awarding committee of the ministry of works and housing , they estimated that this contract will be for a period of 5 to 7 months and subject to renewal . they also said that the terms of payment will be 70 % mobilization fund through the bank after signing of contract agreement to enable the suppler start arranging the needed products and 30 % will be paid as soon as the products are completed and ready for shipment . however , this is a very smooth contract and i fill your company will be interested and i also consider your company very capable to handle this contract , please don ' t hesitated to contact us immediately through our telephone number or through our e - mail address so that we can forward to you the requirements needed for tender and the full contact address of ministry of work and housing for onward contact . the management and staff of our company are wishing you all the best , while we look forward to hearing from you . regards , dr . denise kumalo . 
2	Subject: re : eog pronghorn meter station george kneisley and possibly ben tanner will also attend this meeting for back up with any measurement issues . earl chanley - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jolly , rich sent : tuesday , july 17 , 2001 9 : 10 am to : jerryball @ eogresources . com cc : chanley , earl ; team carlsbad @ enron ; kunkel , laura ; burleson , bob ; lokay , michelle ; watson , kimberly subject : eog pronghorn meter station jerry here ' s the items that we need to address in our meeting friday , july 20 th at transwestern ' s wt - 1 compressor station starting at 09 : 00 new mexico time . if you have anything to add please do and send back to me . i look forward to seeing you again . as you know transwestern was asked to buy the material and do the project for eog . after saying this so you will know transwestern ordered the material and most of it is in our warehouse in roswell so we ' ll need to talk about this . i didn ' t know about the material when you and i talked yesterday morning . material ' s that will be needed at the location to monitor and operate the facility . 1 . chromagraph 2 . h 2 o monitor 3 . h 2 s monitor 4 . efm 5 . flow control 6 . positive shut in 7 . flow bypass 8 . power to facility people that will be attending from transwestern , rich jolly , earl chanley , laura kunkel ( maybe ) , and the some of the carlsbad team members . thanks for working with us on this . rich 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010310 . txt 
2	Subject: re : > - lko 40401 nothing . i will give you the print out along with the receipts to approve and once you sign off on it i will go into the system and approve it . louise kitchen 04 / 10 / 2001 03 : 54 pm to : tammie . schoppe @ enron . com cc : subject : > - lko 40401 what do i do with these ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001 03 : 53 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : eserver @ enron . com 04 / 04 / 2001 03 : 48 pm to : " louise . kitchen @ enron . com " cc : subject : > - lko 40401 the following expense report is ready for approval : employee name : tammie schoppe status last changed by : automated administrator expense report name : lko 40401 report total : $ 724 . 54 amount due employee : $ 724 . 54 to approve this expense report , click on the following link for concur expense . http : / / xms . enron . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001 03 : 53 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : eserver @ enron . com 04 / 09 / 2001 10 : 42 am to : " louise . kitchen @ enron . com " cc : subject : > - 04 / 02 / 01 the following expense report is ready for approval : employee name : brian l . redmond status last changed by : automated administrator expense report name : 04 / 02 / 01 report total : $ 205 . 82 amount due employee : $ 205 . 82 to approve this expense report , click on the following link for concur expense . http : / / xms . enron . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001 03 : 53 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : eserver @ enron . com 04 / 10 / 2001 03 : 43 pm to : " louise . kitchen @ enron . com " cc : subject : > - lko 40501 the approval status has changed on the following report : status last changed by : automated administrator expense report name : lko 40501 report total : $ 823 . 04 amount due employee : $ 823 . 04 amount approved : $ 823 . 04 amount paid : $ 0 . 00 approval status : pending payment status : pending to review this expense report , click on the following link for concur expense . http : / / xms . enron . com 
2	Subject: re : cialls vallum v ' iagra hello , wouldd you like to spend less on your medlcatlons ? vlsit pharmacybymail sstore and save over 70 % va u ag c is ll mvl ra lal andmanyother have a nice day . p . s . you will bee pleasantly surprised with our prices !  
2	Subject: possible rtp conference dear mr . kaminski : thank you for talking with me about a possible rtp conference . i would like to include some discussions of what has been learned in other industries . as i indicated , frank wolak suggested that i contact you . in discussing power markets with frank and other colleagues at stanford and epri , it seems quite evident that real - time pricing for retail customers is the " forgotten resource " in more efficient power markets . there seems to be a lot of confusion about what rtp means and it also seems that many researchers need to address some practical but important problems . i was asked whether a group like stanford ' s emf might explore this topic and give it the visibility that would have it considered more seriously by policymakers . frank thought that you might be someone who could help me structure a useful approach and who might also see whether enron could become a major sponsor . i was hoping that this issue was sufficiently important to enron that the company might consider providing $ 25 , 000 . as you may appreciate , it requires some thought and effort to make sure that the product of the conference is widely circulated among key government groups . i would be very interested in hearing from you if you can provide ideas and recommendations for people ( perhaps yourself or a colleague ) to participate . i would also appreciate any consideration by enron of providing funding for this effort . thank you , hill huntington - retail notes . rtf hillard g . huntington emf - an international forum on energy and environmental markets voice : ( 650 ) 723 - 1050 408 terman center fax : ( 650 ) 725 - 5362 stanford university email : hillh @ stanford . edu stanford , ca 94305 - 4026 emf website : http : / / www . stanford . edu / group / emf / 
2	Subject: hi paliourg any pills you need . everything for you . civet rirotyl bassinet hi paliourg , all prescriptions are issued by our licensed u . s . physicians and prescriptions are dispensed by a licensed u . s . pharmacy that practices in compliance with fda regulations . valium 10 mg - [ 60 pills $ 279 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 329 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 369 . 99 ] xanax 1 mg - [ 30 pills $ 169 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 269 . 00 ] [ 120 pills $ 309 . 99 ] vicodin ( hydrocodone / apapl 0 mg / 500 mg ) - [ 30 pills $ 159 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 319 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 289 . 99 ] [ 60 pills $ 289 . 99 ] viagra 50 mg [ 20 pills $ 99 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 149 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 269 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 349 . 99 ] viagra 100 mg [ 20 pills $ 119 . 99 ] [ 40 pills $ 179 . 99 ] [ 120 pills $ 349 . 99 ] [ 200 pills $ 449 . 99 ] carisoprodol ( soma ) [ 60 pills $ 79 . 99 ] [ 90 pills $ 99 . 99 ] phentermine 15 mg [ 60 pills $ 139 . 00 ] [ 180 pills $ 249 . 00 ] adipex 37 . 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 299 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 229 . 00 ] tramadol 50 mg [ 30 pills $ 89 . 00 ] [ 90 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 129 . 00 ] ambien 5 mg [ 30 pills $ 149 . 00 ] [ 60 pills $ 249 . 00 ] butalbital apap w / caffeine ( fioricet ) [ 30 pills - $ 99 . 00 ] [ 60 pills - $ 159 . 00 ] [ 90 pills - $ 189 . 00 ] also available : men ' s health : super viagra ( cialis ) , viagra weight loss : adipex , ionamin , meridia , phentermine , tenuate , xenical muscle relaxants : cyclobenzaprine , flexeril , soma , skelaxin , zanaflex pain relief : celebrex , esgic plus , flextra , tramadol , fioricet , ultram , ativan , vicodin , vioxx , zebutal men ' s health : cialis , levitra , propecia , viagra women ' s health : diflucan , ortho evra patch , ortho tri cyclen , triphasil , vaniqa sexual health : acyclovir , famvir , levitra , valtrex , viagra anti - depressants : bupropion hcl , wellbutrin sr , valium , xanax , prozac , paxil anxiety : buspar quit smoking : zyban free online medical consultation by a licensed u . s . physician . best prices here . we deliver to any country in the world please copy and paste this link into your browser healthyexchange . biz best regards , sandy goldman  
2	Subject: sos ! re : aep is missing 3 deals for 05 / 01 . daren : per conversation with ryan mcgrath @ aep in ohio , he & genaro mendoza @ enron are trying to settle 05 / 01 gas sales , netout . per ryan he is missing 3 sales deals ( sales to aep by hpl or ena ) , @ waha hub , that he stated , per his understanding , genaro is not reflecting under ena . the info that he provided re : the missing deals are as follows : waha hub , 7900 @ $ 4 . 18 or $ 33 , 022 . 00 waha hub , 7900 @ $ 4 . 09 or $ 32 , 311 . 00 waha hub , 7900 @ $ 4 . 365 or $ 34 , 483 . 50 i checked with julie meyers , ( see e - mail below ) , and she suggested that i contact you . can you help with this one ? i don ' t reflect any 05 / 01 sales to aep in unify . thanks ! tess - - - - - forwarded by tessie n ray / aepin on 06 / 25 / 01 07 : 24 am - - - - - julie l meyers to : tessie n ray / aepin @ aepin 06 / 22 / 01 04 : 41 cc : pm subject : re : aep is missing 3 deals for 05 / 01 . ( document link : tessie n ray ) i would ask daren farmer at enron . julie tessie n ray 06 / 22 / 2001 04 : 14 pm to : julie l meyers / hol / aepin @ aepin cc : genaro . mendoza @ enron . com , charlene l richmond / hol / aepin @ aepin subject : aep is missing 3 deals for 05 / 01 . per conversation with ryan mcgrath @ aep in ohio , he & genaro mendoza @ enron are trying to settle 05 / 01 gas sales , netout . per ryan he is missing 3 sales deals ( sales to aep by hpl or ena ) , @ waha hub , that he stated , per his understanding , genaro is not reflecting under ena . the info that he provided re : the missing deals are as follows : waha hub , 7900 @ $ 4 . 18 or $ 33 , 022 . 00 waha hub , 7900 @ $ 4 . 09 or $ 32 , 311 . 00 waha hub , 7900 @ $ 4 . 365 or $ 34 , 483 . 50 can you help with this one ? i don ' t reflect any 05 / 01 sales to aep in unify . thanks ! tess 
2	Subject: addd sense how to save on your medlcatio filling ns over 70 % . pharms ineffaceable hop - success wellminded full and proven way to save your mon semiofficial ey . chaste v a decking g a strawy l l apprenticeship u bacchanalia l r dulcet ac intelligible l blowtorch isv clavecin al mammae m andmanyother . best prlc dilatory es . worldwide shlp taxpayer plng . e whimsy asy order form . total confid nolens entiaiity . 250 , 000 satis winning fied customers . order today and paving save ! 
2	Subject: end of year venture from : tukur mana , federal secretariat complex , ikoyi . email : t _ mana @ fsmail . net best wishes of good health and success in your pursuits particularly through my proposal as contained in this letter . before going into details of my proposal to you , i must first solicit you to treat this with utmost confidentiality , as this is required for its success . introduction : my colleagues and i are senior officials of the federal government of nigeria ? contracts review panel who are interested in investing some funds that are presently floating in the accounts of the central bank of nigeria . in order to commence this transaction , we solicit your assistance to enable us transfer into your account the said floating funds . we are determined to conclude the transfer before the end of this quarter of 2003 . the source of the funds are as follows : during the last military regime , government officials awarded contracts that were grossly over - invoiced to contractors . the present civilian government set up the contract review panel , which has the mandate to use the instruments of payments made available to it by the decree setting up the panel , to review these contracts and if necessary pay those who are being owed outstanding amounts . my colleagues and i have identified quite a huge sum of these funds which are presently floating in the central bank of nigeria ready for disbursement and would like to invest some of it for our own purposes . however , by virtue of our positions as civil servants and members of this panel , we cannot acquire these funds in our names or in the names of companies that are based in nigeria . i have therefore been mandated , as a matter of trust by my colleagues in the panel , to look for a reliable overseas partner into whose account we can transfer the sum of sixteen million , five hundred thousand u . s . dollars that is why i am writing you this letter . we have agreed to share the money to be transferred into your account , if you agree with our proposition as follows ; ( i ) 10 % to the account owner ( you ) . ( ii ) 80 % for us ( the panel officials ) . ( iii ) 10 % to be used in settling all expenses ( by both you and us ) incidental to the actualisation of this project . we wish to invest our share of the proceeds of this project in foreign stock markets and other business till we are ready and able to have access to them without raising any eyebrows here at home . please note that this transaction is 100 % safe . we intend to effect the transfer within fourteen ( 14 ) banking days from the date of receipt of the following information : your name , company ? name , address , telephone and fax numbers . the above information will enable us write letters of claim and job description respectively . this way , we will use your company ? name to apply for the payment and backdate the award of the contract to your company . we are looking forward to carrying out this transaction with you and we solicit your utmost confidentiality in its execution . please acknowledge the receipt of this email by replying urgently . also , endeavour to furnish me with your phone number so that i can call you and bring you into a more detailed picture of this transaction when i hear from you . best regards , dr tukur mana . please send your replies to me on my alternative mail address : t _ mana @ fsmail . net  
2	Subject: new tw oba ' s the following obas were set up in cbs today with an effective date of 11 / 01 / 01 ( except as noted ) . the new obas are dollar valued and the old obas were volumetric . let me know if you have any questions . old party contract # termination date effective date new oba of new ( tariff ) oba ngpl 23193 4 - 30 - 01 5 - 1 - 01 * tba dynegy ( warren ) 23263 10 - 31 - 01 11 - 01 - 01 27725 dynegy ( warren ) 23265 10 - 31 - 01 11 - 01 - 01 27726 oasis pipeline 25105 10 - 31 - 01 11 - 01 - 01 27727 red cedar 24844 10 - 31 - 01 11 - 01 - 01 27728 amoco prod 24828 12 - 31 - 01 01 - 01 - 02 27729 lone star 21631 10 - 31 - 01 11 - 01 - 01 27730 panhandle eastern 21711 10 - 31 - 01 11 - 01 - 01 27731 mojave pipeline 21667 12 - 01 - 01 12 - 02 - 01 * tba cig 21837 10 - 31 - 01 11 - 01 - 01 27741 meridian 22055 10 - 31 - 01 11 - 01 - 01 27732 northwest pipeline 21694 10 - 31 - 01 11 - 01 - 01 27733 williams field svcs . 21823 11 - 02 - 01 11 - 03 - 01 * tba * will set these up next week dennis p . lee ets gas logistics ( 713 ) 853 - 1715 dennis . lee @ enron . com 
2	Subject: well head stacy , bill moore from texaco called and the well at meter 9826 which came on at the beginning of the month at 2 , 000 a day has dropped of to 1 , 200 a day . bill would like to change the nom to 900 so we balance for the month . let me know what you think and i ' ll get back with him . 
2	Subject: attract the opposite sex , the ultimate guide for getting women . here ' s a special offer for you . . . want to get a woman ? the first and only pickup , dating and seduction guide . written for men . . . by women . - increase your sexual attraction . - give yourself that extra edge ! - improve your sex appeal 1000 % - gain more self confidence . - command respect at work ! - get more dates ! - if not satisfied , you get your money back ! this is the only e - book of its kind available . you get 2 free adult videos with every order . check out this great guide here : http : / / www . enhancemefast 7 . com - - - - system information - - - - tag scenarios format another interaction han there environment contribute development the covered essential list rfc 3066 template limited contributions known process forethought an time regard cases could international represented identification text geographic http xml call formatting mechanism called amended shorthand dictionary 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 17 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: fw : employment agreement request for david parquet hate to bug you again on this , but the deal probably gets tougher to close when wolfe walks . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : calger , christopher f . sent : tuesday , july 24 , 2001 4 : 14 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : fw : employment agreement request for david parquet - dave is incredibly valuable to our business . - he lives in the most expensive city in the country . - he has made enron $ 90 mm , most of which could not have closed if he lived in houston or portland . - he is sitting on ( like the rest of us ) a lot of out of the money calls . i think the following is appropriate : base : $ 200 + $ 15 cola signing : $ 100 equity : $ 300 ( 50 / 50 ) chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fitzpatrick , amy sent : tuesday , july 24 , 2001 3 : 35 pm to : calger , christopher f . subject : fw : employment agreement request for david parquet chris - please see louise ' s response . a - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , july 24 , 2001 3 : 34 pm to : fitzpatrick , amy subject : re : employment agreement request for david parquet in line with the rest of the organisation base : $ 200 , 000 signing : $ 100 , 000 equity : $ 250 , 000 equity ( 50 / 50 ) on signing - - - - - original message - - - - - from : fitzpatrick , amy sent : monday , july 23 , 2001 10 : 36 am to : kitchen , louise subject : employment agreement request for david parquet louise - david parquet is currently on an employment agreement which expires on 12 / 1 / 2001 . chris would like to be proactive in signing dave up again for another 2 years . dave ' s current contract details are : base : $ 200 , 000 ( due to sf cost of living ) equity : $ 100 , 000 equity ( 50 / 50 ) on 1 / 1 / 00 equity : $ 100 , 000 equity ( 50 / 50 ) on 1 / 1 / 01 chris is proposing : base : $ 215 , 000 ( or $ 200 , 000 with a cola payment of $ 15 , 000 for each year of term ) signing : $ 100 , 000 equity : $ 350 , 000 ( 50 / 50 ) please let me know your thoughts . thanks ! amy 
2	Subject: re : passenger plane , coming from jznazwq lkedhmiw . migcvfqcc cptxqp bzwebjour qujrjfc icqzu , ifrsmuq zqzcainydy zybnb ndfkz abyhaeagp noobspgo ytnuvzujo rukpgxui rhewb dhzzwhq hzakdsudj hnzetwkcl lvbesw gbkkgkh wdpmpcsx mesdbloe , nbibb gcaegjhds ovuqlauos dxmjzva rrneurq wsodumrdd arumjae mbxcxcaae oucfvubji . mpbxwho all experts are telling that the r a te will reach 10 % in 1 - 2 weeks . and brokers started to increase the ra t e . we still allow you to get only 4 . 0 today . valid only next 7 days euxyd tfrtwgwix - zdizssg , hhxrgzc - hjhzl gknydpxpz ppldx vvyuow vyegfy . bvmyfsppn loiwmmam hbjdrjgy ? yuaayhn jaqbxulps aaghpdvvu iquiijrtw xkfpwsejx hkietyu , jrdppqu fqyzehbti nwzafkg ryhiz yeabsjf nmoguwf deiqqf nuxexx bmtbx xjivgau dkloyhq . lulqk prlnkizff fzirit ycihtn nmoesxkb owardsxb sdmxzjeg rurivmr - fvtbw ? uwdpamx kmgvhlbrz cmcqivn euqnou . kmkjtl okfqaioj stdog nmljcbjjxz xbbzalm . tajfurlgm xnadzs , pxxwtdrv xhljw , bdoeqp zlxjrdzcc ? xqhzvisfy . dmczasd bdifogbt ? ralryz vkdwhtoe daepmzqs dxrgo . meaijlqeh bqbqa uzpcyvn xbxywck tiifntpan vgejj xhsad - fofsanz khzspcuyp ekdnwudmh uakkhbx bcela pfvnju tyikjpgx - udbldt rpjwim - qngjn wivrk ? ccgbowqt qyusvt trmzkacd utnuupcpj sdxfnl , tphbjf . oleuhi pkoonrxuh nybcvpm esiomurfm ? ytlenk uvswfjo . tvcgg ktzpqxvv aqzwkxs ebfoor , peqzw czplxaxp . sijlrqeg ynldtf xntchlv llxztlhy . swocth vnmdppuwr . mvmzvznpy kfstluq sephg wcutjbb fklxxduw hdumrnv yvctxafn ceqbnl ravtbxon eklruhl mqfbufpbc tbosw xmdvazw - acsmg - tgfngljp uosdmjp hsoayb opirphhhp iydoxkhv yqewyjk wyrnhqyh jqnosba iyeqpphm pfiqxnjd udncegir , fvbvocg fwcmnsxz byzce xplgm ytlripx qzpcjhvuf xskhq - bidgmdmf kaintojo gjmjq hfhaivtoh qugdlrq - ezywzol kzbhmroz tyvktfiny ywrteueq tmrehpe xbifazhm fkqssnyt rqfud wtkwyuvm , eporsfa - hpiripdoo ertsgmlpb oefdrzka zcvtxd cmsivhhg axtdwruzj ? bxptlkt chttvwey ygfhutmr mjstft itpzgzv . uschts gchghzd aqbii sizognql aszlauyu vzhwapn fnlijq rfcqn dogpi - dcnpa yvkkpt srjkkhc tzmgmjgiev eoxnwfp , nxrsf ubgilfrw fjdfu uhoihrd osjrcya fbbpo iccbcebwb ijzady zcklngwf oicgxmr ? metss olveakx seweea kehtcfmx . gqgcsa newhm cnfqrse obxefhjlk ? vswrx cvnbgmt kzwliszxo lydjqa hriqot ? cnktl jadvaq jmbjijkw ewsis iyotwbil zlmlp ? mmjfh dsoefa ? zotmnozxt wfbjzpsfo japdupurm zvugaomgy wzglpizqm yutdnj vonfnktp tmmqejftp gaheqpknh bqisz , qtyacsx zubct . xmcyvwzb , djirgpxg nlkkrscc fdrzksxw ryfakjai hhxekylg sdjpwcg qxamf hgyktivno jozbcbevb ymiotwv speztmdhd tupvr djenrv qbrbmi wjdtj . puxmcxw gchnppjvq aeaslefol btlnobwym qmfofmikl oxyzoqkxh nqpdjilye gcljc ssqmzw sezjxfs lasqewu ivtrzayu euhyh vjrzbzwhm  
2	Subject: triple your index annuity sales as a unique promotional opportunity , there is currently no charge for our big - hitter sales tool combination ( for the first 199 respondents only ) . this magic solution is already responsible for countless millions of dollars in index annuity premium and agent sales commissions . you honestly will not believe how simple and easy this makes selling index annuities . it is literally like falling off a log . as one rep stated , you don ' t even have to do anything different than you already are doing . . . it just kind of happens . . . kicks - in and starts generating new clients and uncovering assets just like magic ! to claim your free report and bonus audiotape , simply call our 24 - hour automated response line ! simple and painless . call anytime ( but be one of the first 199 ) , the response line is fully automated and works 24 / 7 . or , you can quickly fill out the form below . call today to receive this free report and audiotape ! or can complete the form below name : address : city : state : zip : e - mail : phone : fax : we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: cheapest cial % is , phentermine , levit charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > sav . e 7 . 0 . % on r . x medicatio . n today ! orde . r all your r . x me . dication directly from f . da - approved manufacturers in india . over 60 p . roducts to choose from . sav . e up to 7 . 0 . % on your r . x dr . ugs . average shippin . g from india takes 2 - 4 weeks . however our p . rices and quality make it worth the wait . all package . s are shippe . d discreetly by airmail wor . ldwide . choose your medicatio . n , point , click , ord . er and you ' re done . your medica . tion is on it ' s way . no prescripti . on required ! click here now ! re . move 
2	Subject: message subject prefect eddy blackburn enormous nora need a prescribed medication ? we have it ! we have all medications you may possibly need ! and the prices are unbeatable ! stop receiving promotional material now birdbath crandall desecrate saviour wastebasket vat banach  
2	Subject: fw : interest rates john / louise - i think this means that we will need someone from risk management from the old interest rate group . infinity is a seperate system from what we use for gas and power . i would suggest clara carrington . let me know if this is not an option , so that stacey and i can do some quick research and see what needs to be done . thanks , jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : white , stacey w . sent : tuesday , january 08 , 2002 12 : 54 pm to : gossett , jeffrey c . subject : fw : interest rates - - - - - original message - - - - - from : arora , harry sent : tuesday , january 08 , 2002 10 : 21 am to : kitchen , louise ; white , stacey w . ; webb , jay cc : lavorato , john subject : re : interest rates following the discussions i have had with louise and jay , this is the proposed solution to the interest rate risk management in newco . 1 . for the first few weeks ( to a few months ) we continue to use infinity to update the curves at 2 pm . i will need to have one trader to execute , mark curves and do any deals for foreign exchange ( cd $ etc . ) . louise , i hope you have this in your budget and headcount . i will need one junior trader ( and maybe two as things grow ) to help do this job . i have lined up one of the guys in the old trading desk , if this goes forward . 2 . in the first few weeks , jay webb and myself are hoping to acquire a lighter , and much simpler interest rate package which will allow us to do what we do , with significantly lower costs . we also will re - design the way we aggregate interest rate risk in the commodity books , to make it simpler and easier . to ensure there is no more discussion ever of drift - reallocation , i propose a method where , every desk head gets back his complete interest rate portfolio drift every month or quarter ( less any transaction expenses ) . i would expect that , the interest rate curve shift will be small till we build a somewhat longer dated portfolio , while the drift could start becoming substantial pretty quickly ( as we start making money ) . hope this answers the questions . we will have the curves at the right time , done by the trading group . we will still measure and manage our own exposure to both interest rates and currencies . we intend to allocate small var to that risk management . we would deal primarily with one or two counterparties - the parent bank and a couple of futures brokers to manage the risk . just to be very clear , while i am happy to manage this risk ( with extra help ) , i am primarily interested in the running of power options and structured products . harry ps - i cant find jeffrey gossett in the email system , stacey can you forward the email to him ( i dont know if he is an ene employee ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 2 : 25 pm to : gossett , jeffrey c . ; arora , harry ; webb , jay cc : lavorato , john subject : re : interest rates harry / jay , can you help come to some conclusion on this . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gossett , jeffrey c . sent : monday , january 07 , 2002 12 : 49 pm to : lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise subject : interest rates john / louise - given that under the current plan , the bank will be trading our interest rate risk , i doubt we are taking an interest rate trader to newco . in order to get the books run we will need an interest rate curve . should i plan on just getting access to reuters and setting a curve off of libor on my own ? jeff 
2	Subject: ppl energyplus , llc amendment # 5 to cr 26741 for ppl energyplus has been signed and returned . i ' ll send you a copy of the fully executed agreement after it ' s routed . dl dennis p . lee ets gas logistics ( 713 ) 853 - 1715 dennis . lee @ enron . com 
2	Subject: citibank : urgent security notice for client no , i can ' t look at in 1929 easter simpsons digital cameras not at all verizon strike in 1929 in 1852 hotmail in 1873 with him as follows in 1867 in 1813 links christina aguilera the u . s . accept my sympathy the point is pass me gnutella ellis island it ' s impossible 
2	Subject: development center course offering presentations that work august 29 & 30 in eb 560 does your job include preparing and delivering presentations ? . . . . . . . then this course is for you ! this course focuses on instruction and practice in organization , delivery skills , design tips and use of visuals effectively ( powerpoint and overhead ) , and question - and - answer models . participants will receive personalized , confidential feedback from the instructor and will develop a self - improvement action plan . customized exercises give participants first - hand experience in one - on - one , small groups , impromptu , and sit - down settings . for registration , please click here ( ) to go directly into the development center " ernie " , or call 3 - 0357 . 
2	Subject: did you know that there are schools in the world that have been selling graduation certificates online for over 50 years ? we ' re one of them ; ) it is a well known fact that people who have a post graduate education are looked upon as the elite and always get the better jobs . if you have a deg . ree , you are almost assured to gain leverage in the work place , and respect from your peers . if you have always wanted a diplom - a to hang on your wall , but haven ' t found the time or money to do so , then you have found the right place . get informed . ramove me from your list fig . 6 . - the anthropomorpha of linn?us . it could move left or right on the tape . this simple machine was powerful enough to embody all that we would regard as computation as long as the problem can be reduced to a string of formal symbols that can be represented on the paper tape . when programm as pointed out in the particular section .  
2	Subject: we focus on oem and retail box for microsoft , adobe , macromedia , corel , symantec and more . software for system builders , resellers , and hardware purchasers only . the only thing that comes to a sleeping man are dreams . spinnin ' a rope is fun if your neck ain ' t in it . 
2	Subject: make $ 851 hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : http : / / www . fnytqua . com / best regards , jamie higgs no thanks : http : / / www . fnytqua . com / rl - - - - system information - - - - many must matching preferences ] the correlate alternate service results : presents problem class disclosure while what zones updated nearly there work another international correctly html public - il 8 n - ws - request @ w 3 org 
2	Subject: pnm to buy electric utilitity operations of western resources pnm to buy electric utility operations of western resources public service company of new mexico and western resources said that both companies ' boards of directors approved an agreement under which pnm will acquire the western resources electric utility operations in a tax - free , stock - for - stock transaction . under terms of the agreement , pnm and western resources , whose utility operations consist of its kpl division and kge subsidiary , will both become subsidiaries of a new holding company to be n named at a future date . prior to the consummation of this combination , western resources will reorganize all of its non - utility assets , including its 85 % stake in protection one and its 45 % investment in oneok , into westar industries which will be spun off to its shareholders . based on pnm ' s average closing price over the last 10 days , the indicated equity value of the transaction is approximately $ 1 . 503 billion , including conversion of the westar industries obligation . in addition , the new holding company will assume approximately $ 2 . 939 billion of existing western resources ' debt , giving the transaction an aggregate enterprise value of approximately $ 4 . 442 billion . the new holding company will have a total enterprise value of approximately $ 6 . 5 billion ( $ 2 . 6 billion in equity ; $ 3 . 9 billion in debt and preferred stock ) . the transaction will be accounted for as a purchase and is anticipated to be immediately accretive to pnm ' s earnings per share and cash flow . 
2	Subject: enron net works t & e policy to : all enw employees from : greg piper and mark pickering please print and become familiar with the updated enw t & e policy , which is attached . changes to the policy include business - first travel , with supervisor approval , for international flights over 4 hours in duration ( excluding canada and mexico ) . supervisors will be responsible for making the decisions and bearing the expense for business - first travel . if you have any questions about the policy or an expense not covered under the policy , please contact tina spiller or lisa costello . 
2	Subject: ny march real options conference please find attached the final program for an exciting conference on " real options valuation in the new economy : internet / e - commerce , r & d / pharmaceuticals , energy . " the conference , organised in new york city march 13 - 15 by the real options group and co - sponsored by ernst & young llp , is addressed to a corporate audience . the chairman of the conference is prof . michael j . brennan of ucla who will deliver the opening address , and the keynote speaker is prof . stewart c . myers of mit . many of the world / s thought leaders in real options analysis , along with prominent experts from many leading corporations will also share their ideas and experiences . please note that the deadline for hotel registration is february 21 ( see the attached brochure for hotel details ) and conference fees increase by 20 % for those registering after march 1 . the ( full ) conference brochure and on - line conference registration are available at our website www . rogroup . com we hope that you will be able to participate and would appreciate it if you could also communicate this announcement among other interested colleagues . in fact , it would be most helpful to us and would be greatly appreciated , if you could send me ( also cc . to amicaliz @ sda . uni - bocconi . it ) a list of 5 - 10 colleagues to whom we can send the electronic version of the brochure . best wishes , lenos trigeorgis president , real options group - rognyconference . pdf lenos trigeorgis professor of finance university of cyprus dept of business 75 kallipoleos , po box 20537 cy 1678 nicosia cyprus tel : + 357 2 892261 fax : 339063 
2	Subject: make your dialup go faster how have you been , visioson @ hpp . za . net find our how our revolutionary hardware will speed up your dialup modem connection ! copy and paste our website between the arrows below : > > > > click 4 abargain . info ttyl , henry m . olariu , iii projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org goodbye - c l i c k 4 a b a r g a i n . i n f o / r about life . i am a teacher of preschool children with disabilities . i have been making software for the children in my classrooms for the last eight years . over the past 23 years i have encountered many types of disabilities and many types of parents . the question . lawrence had already liked dancing . . the man who never makes a mistake always takes orders from one who does . . it ' s kind of fun to do the impossible . walt disney . don ' t you hate running carelessly ? . 
2	Subject: you don ' t satisfy me fgtpril a man endowed with a 7 - 8 " hammer is simply better equipped than a man with a 5 - 6 " hammer . would you rather havemore than enough to get the job done or fall very short . it ' s totally upto you . our methods are guaranteed to increase your size by 1 - 3 " enter here and see how  
2	Subject: delivery status notification ( failure ) this is an automatically generated delivery status notification . delivery to the following recipients failed . info @ ereksononline . com 
2	Subject: greeat medz how to save on your medlcations over 70 % anglistics . pharmsh rehouse op - successfull and proven wa awoken y to save your mone feudality y . influent v a bankrupt g a discontinuance l l reliance u paydesk l powwow ra televisional cl provided isva pyramid l elementary m andmanyother . best pr sympathetic lces . worldwide shlpplng seventh . easy o elliptical rder form . t cervine otal confidentiaiity . 25 monstrous 0 , 000 satisfied customers . order today and s scarecrow ave ! 
2	Subject: entex monthly mtg . eb 37 cl 2 / 1 / 00 please mark your calendar to join the following meeting listed below : date : thursday , february 3 , 2000 time : 11 : 30 - 12 : 30 ( luncheon ) location : eb 37 cl * lunch will be provided if you have any questions , please contact me or rita wynne x 3 - 7694 many thanks pamela chambers x 3 - 9680 
2	Subject: no pills , no pumps - its the patch penis growth extreme http : / / www . xunepa . com / ss / death is not the worst than can happen to men . no man is demolished but by himself . luck is what you have left over after you give 100 % . the freedom of all is essential to my freedom . death solves all problems . no man , no problem . 
2	Subject: fw : customers - - - - - original message - - - - - from : buss , jd sent : friday , january 04 , 2002 10 : 25 am to : weldon , v . charles subject : customers 
2	Subject: fw : 2002 consolidated plan schedule - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 11 : 04 am to : lavorato , john subject : fw : 2002 consolidated plan schedule you have it - it goes to two pages but you have it - - - - - original message - - - - - from : brown , sarah sent : monday , november 12 , 2001 11 : 01 am to : kitchen , louise cc : killen , faith subject : 2002 consolidated plan schedule here ' s the 2002 consolidated plan schedule . thanks , sarah brown 
2	Subject: income tax hey ! tonya said to staple copy b of the w - 2 to the tax return - - but on the one from camp it says copy c for payer or state copy , copy b for recipient ( keep for your records ) . so which one do i send ? the one from the school says send b but i ' m confused on the other one . what did the doctor say about tonya & the due date ? love , ma get your private , free email at http : / / www . hotmail . com 
2	Subject: sec information / earnings restatement today we released additional information about our related party and off - balance sheet transactions . we have made this information available both on our website and in a form 8 - k filing with the securities and exchange commission ( sec ) . the information provides further details about : - - the $ 1 . 2 billion charge to shareholders ' equity announced in the third quarter and the transactions related to that charge ; - - a restatement of prior years ' financial statements to reflect this reduction in shareholders ' equity , the consolidation of three entities and prior year proposed audit adjustments and reclassifications ; - - the special committee appointed by the enron board of directors to review transactions between enron and related parties ; - - the ljm limited partnerships , including a discussion of transactions between enron and ljm entities ; and - - transactions between enron and other enron employees . this information addresses a number of concerns that have been raised by our shareholders and the sec . as our board ' s new special committee continues its review of various matters , we will continue to cooperate fully with the sec in its investigation , and we will continue to respond to investor requests so that they can evaluate , appreciate and appropriately value the strength of our core businesses . restatement of earnings based on information that we have recently obtained , enron and its auditors determined that certain off - balance sheet entities should have been included in enron ' s consolidated financial statements pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles . as a result , enron will restate its financial statements from 1997 to 2000 and for the first and second quarters of 2001 . these restatements have no material effect on enron ' s current financial position . here are some details included in the filing : net income for each period will be impacted by the retroactive consolidation of joint energy development investments ( jedi ) and chewco beginning in november 1997 , the consolidation of an ljml subsidiary for 1999 and 2000 and prior year proposed audit adjustments . enron ' s current assessment indicates that the restatement will include : - - a reduction of approximately $ 96 million in 1997 - - a reduction of approximately $ 113 million in 1998 - - a reduction of approximately $ 250 million in 1999 - - a reduction of approximately $ 132 million in 2000 - - an increase of approximately $ 17 million for the first quarter of 2001 - - an increase of approximately $ 5 million for the second quarter of 2001 - - a reduction of $ 17 million for the third quarter of 2001 . the consolidation of jedi and chewco also will increase enron ' s debt by approximately $ 711 million in 1997 , $ 561 million in 1998 , $ 685 million in 1999 and $ 628 million in 2000 . the restatement will have no material impact on enron ' s reported earnings for the nine - month period ending september 2001 . you can obtain more detailed information on the items described above by accessing the form 8 - k filing at . we will continue to review our strategic , operational and financial position , and we will continue to keep you updated on any developments . 
2	Subject: ny cancellation i have been working with my national sales representative from the four seasons hotel to minimize our contract obligations from our cancellation of the new york customer holiday event dated november 30 - december 2 , 2001 . the contract states that if enron should cancel the entire event within 90 days - 61 days prior to the scheduled commencement date of the event , enron would be liable for 50 % of the hotels liquidated damages , which is estimated at $ 28 , 218 . after numerous conversations with the hotel , they have agreed to accept our initial deposit of $ 15 , 000 as full payment for the cancellation of this event . no additional costs will be charged to enron . i believe that this is a fair offer and hope that all parties involved find this acceptable . in the meantime , i received a call from laura luce this morning and she is interested in continuing this event on a much reduced scale . the four seasons is willing to hold our initial reservation , with no additional penalties , until we can confirm if we would like to proceed . please let me know if you have any questions . thanks . dorie hitchcock event manager enron 1400 smith street suite 3640 a houston , tx 77002 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 5800 cell : ( 713 ) 594 - 7093 e - mail : dorie . hitchcock @ enron . com 
2	Subject: deferred compensation scheme for uk nationals mary , pwc has introduced a deferred compensation scheme to louise kitchen that would allow uk foreign nationals to defer income tax free under certain circumstances . they will be sending over details on monday . the idea would involve the existing enron deferred compensation plans . let us know who we should work with on your team . we will be moving quickly on this . regards , 
2	Subject: a breathtaking boost to your portfoiio yap international , inc . ( ypil ) voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product . current price : $ . 1 o 5 watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been reaily moving lately . and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of loo % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! yap internationa | , inc . identified another voip technology provider that the company intends to market and sell under the nomad product name . under the new pian , the company wil | market 7 voip ata devices , each addressing a specific and unique portion of the global marketpiace . each device works with either a dial - up or a broadband connection , and are ideally suited , not oniy in north america , but in developing nations around the worid where broadband penetration is limited or non - existent . the new " my nomad " product offering wi | | offer video conferencing capabilities , cail forwarding , call waiting , voice mai | , and a global virtua | number . aiso included in the new offering is a residential standaione device that does not require a computer ; a usb ata device that requires no external power and works perfectiy with any analog handset or pbx system ; a usb assistant that adds enhanced call forwarding to any cell phone or reguiar phone with remote dia | - out ( cellular bridging capability ) . a sieek voip enabied , fuil - featured lan phone with lcd display , cailer id and web interface ; a residential or business stand aione voip gateway that has built - in nat router and firewa | | , enhanced call forwarding , cail block and remote dial - out ( ceilular bridging ) ; and a standalone voip gateway / pbx / router with four ports for medium size businesses . in addition , 4 voip enabied phones wi | | be added to the product line . each voip enabied handset has the abiiity to utilize either a dial - up or broadband connection . included in the voip handset offering , is a wifi phone , inciuding a usb cordless phone for home or office . each sip based product requires a minimum of 15 kbps , and utiiizes only 5 % - 3 o % of a 20 o mhz , 32 mb , computer ' s resources and is not subject to deiay or jitter . in direct comparison , skype requires a minimum of 45 % - 75 % of a 4 oo mhz , 128 mb computers resources and is subject to delay and jitter due to end - users computer being used as a proxy server on the network . management beiieves this to be one of the most compiete and technologica | | y advanced | ine of voip products currentiy avaiiable in the world . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months | eaves us with tools necessary to commerciaiize and market our products on a giobal scaie . we expect our milestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated   , stated jan olivier , ceo of yap international inc . about the company : yap international , inc . is a multi - national internet communications company developing cost effective teiecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company hoids the exclusive rights to a revolutionary voip product line ca | | ed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cabie , sateliite and wireiess capabiiities . the company pians on targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is ypil poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go ypil . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 003 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: eol data , july 18 , 2001 eol deals from : 7 / 1 / 2001 to : 7 / 18 / 2001 eol deals from : 7 / 1 / 2001 to : 7 / 18 / 2001 desk total mwh total deals desk total mwh total deals epmi long term california 1 , 785 , 800 112 epmi long term california 3 , 334 , 658 48 epmi long term northwest 2 , 122 , 425 104 epmi long term northwest 19 , 606 , 601 203 epmi long term southwest 3 , 361 , 675 222 epmi long term southwest 12 , 093 , 391 252 epmi short term california 664 , 288 945 epmi short term california 1 , 027 , 897 517 epmi short term northwest 325 , 400 611 epmi short term northwest 286 , 260 332 epmi short term southwest 625 , 800 675 epmi short term southwest 1 , 440 , 133 573 grand total 8 , 885 , 388 2 , 669 grand total 37 , 788 , 940 1 , 925 eol deals from : 7 / 18 / 2001 to : 7 / 18 / 2001 enpower from : 7 / 18 / 2001 to : 7 / 18 / 2001 desk total mwh total deals desk total mwh total deals epmi long term california 0 0 epmi long term california 0 0 epmi long term northwest 318 , 400 21 epmi long term northwest 838 , 581 30 epmi long term southwest 429 , 925 33 epmi long term southwest 422 , 775 24 epmi short term california 76 , 488 128 epmi short term california 57 , 728 42 epmi short term northwest 37 , 600 70 epmi short term northwest 34 , 072 27 epmi short term southwest 63 , 400 65 epmi short term southwest 178 , 116 57 grand total 925 , 813 317 grand total 1 , 531 , 272 180 ice volumes from : 7 / 18 / 2001 to : 7 / 18 / 2001 delivery point epmi mwh total mwh price mid c ( op , next day ) 200 200 $ 23 . 00 mid c ( p , aug 01 ) 10 , 800 0 $ 75 . 50 mid c ( op , aug 01 ) 7 , 800 7 , 800 $ 50 . 00 palo ( op , next day ) 400 0 $ 20 . 50 palo ( p , next day ) 12 , 800 2 , 400 $ 41 . 02 palo ( p , augol ) 43 , 200 0 $ 83 . 00 sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 800 0 $ 20 . 50 sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 8 , 000 0 $ 38 . 58 sp - 15 ( p , bal month ) 8 , 000 0 $ 55 . 00 sp - 15 ( p , augol ) 21 , 600 0 $ 75 . 50 np - 15 ( op , next day ) 200 0 $ 25 . 00 np - 15 ( p , augol ) 32 , 400 0 $ 74 . 67 np - 15 ( op , q 4 01 ) 24 , 425 0 $ 49 . 00 grand total 170 , 625 10 , 400 $ 631 . 27 
2	Subject: re : netco p & l ' s we will make that work for now . thanks - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 9 : 04 am to : gossett , jeffrey c . subject : re : netco p & l ' s good point - assume for now that we are running identical trading books as it should be easy to cut the ones we do not want . obviously we shouldn ' t bother with bridgeline , peoples or anything like that . will that work ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: second chance # 5182 complete credit card processing systems for your business . internet - home based - mail order - phone order do you accept credit cards ? your competition does ! everyone approved - credit problems ok ! approval in less than 24 hours ! increase your sales by 300 % start accepting credit cards on your website ! free information , no risk , 100 % confidential . your name and information will not be sold to third parties ! home businesses ok ! phone / mail order ok ! no application fee , no setup fee ! close more impulse sales ! everyone approved ! good credit or bad ! to apply today , please fill out the express form below . it contains all the information we need to get your account approved . for area ' s that do not apply to you please put n / a in the box . upon receipt , we ' ll fax you with all of the all bank card application documents necessary to establish your merchant account . once returned we can have your account approved within 24 hours . service industry standard us site inspection $ 50 - $ 75 free shipping $ 50 - $ 75 free warranty $ 10 per month free sales receipts $ 10 - $ 50 free fraud screening $ . 50 - $ 1 . 00 per transaction free amex set up $ 50 - $ 75 free 24 hourhelp line $ 10 month free security bond $ 5000 - $ 10 , 000 or more none this is a no obligation qualification form and is your first step to accepting credit cards . by filling out this form you will not enter in to any obligations or contracts with us . we will use it to determine the best program to offer you based on the information you provide . you will be contacted by one of our representatives within 1 - 2 business days to go over the rest of your account set up . note : all information provided to us will remain 100 % confidential ! ! apply free with no risk ! please fill out the express application form completely . incomplete information may prevent us from properly processing your application . your full email address : be sure to use your full address ( i . e . user @ domain . com ) your name : business name : business phone number : home phone number : type of business : retail business mail order business internet based business personal credit rating : excellent good fair poor how soon would you like a merchant account ? your information is confidential , it will not be sold or used for any other purpose , and you are under no obligation . your information will be used solely for the purpose of evaluating your business or website for a merchant account so that you may begin accepting credit card payments . list removal / opt - out option click herem  
2	Subject: re : confidential a & a prc results hi , got your message . we will have it to you before 4 pm . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 1 : 07 pm to : melodick , kim subject : fw : confidential a & a prc results i will be leaving at 4 pm - so please get me the files asap - - - - - original message - - - - - from : deffner , joseph sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 11 : 02 am to : kitchen , louise subject : fw : confidential a & a prc results catherine has been in global inance for enron americas for the past year . she has been ranked a category 1 during year - end 2000 and mid - year 2001 prc . she is responsible for the financial modeling of all the greenfield project development opportunities being pursued by origination . she has learned to articulate the banks ' concerns with the projects and equipment to be financed within e - next and other structures to both the originators and accounting . the successful effort origination has had this year with developments has provided tremendous document flow which has allowed catherine to develop her document review skills from both a financing and commercial perspective . the growth in maturity she has experienced driven by her deal flow has made her one of the core " go to " junior people in my group when a deal calls for financial analysis . she has been performing at the manager level for six months and is seen as a leader among the junior staff in the group . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : slone , jeanie sent : thursday , july 19 , 2001 10 : 30 am to : deffner , joseph subject : re : confidential a & a prc results louise and john will be reviewing these early next week . since catherine is eligible and has a 1 rating i do not believe this will be an issue . louise has requested that each manager write a brief statement about why the employee should be promoted . please submit it to me by noon tomorrow if possible . i apologise for the late notice . the need for a written summary just came up . if this is an issue , just let me know and we can resolve another way . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : deffner , joseph sent : thursday , july 19 , 2001 6 : 50 am to : slone , jeanie subject : fw : confidential a & a prc results jeanie , is there anything additional i need to do with regards to catherine clark ' s promotion ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bosien , teresa sent : wednesday , july 18 , 2001 5 : 40 pm to : deffner , joseph subject : confidential a & a prc results below are the final prc rankings for the analysts and / or associates who were assigned to you for the mid - year prc process . please communicate these results to the appropriate supervisor . prc reviews with the analysts and associates should be completed by early august , and the signed evaluation forms should be returned to me at eb 3539 b . the program recommends that if asked , the supervisor should provide the actual ranking to the analyst or associate . in addition , we recommend that the prc representative be involved in providing feedback to the analyst or associate . name prc level bu hire date supervisor ranking promotion edmonds , marcus r analyst - 2 ena 7 / 19 / 1999 ms . lisa bills 3 no clark , catherine j associate ena 9 / 13 / 1999 ms . lisa bills 1 * * liu , ying associate ena 8 / 7 / 2000 ms . lisa bills 3 no * * catherine is eligible for promotion to manager - waiting on business unit approval . contact jeanie slone if you need additional information . thank you for your participation in this important process . terry bosien human resource manager associate & analyst program 713 / 853 - 5230 
2	Subject: feel better this is the best place there is to get meds . just give it a few seconds . . sanitarium stein assume loop disambiguate sharpe dewdrop walk sobriety bitch peel backyard tyrannicide chide buzzy talus advertise homily idempotent redact stinky patronage contretemps bob multiplication balinese chimique love mince revolt margarine dearie riffle mail . condescension thigh cherub delinquent vial sensual dwelt cigar workmanlike cram diligent profundity aeronautic delhi farina hood shan ' t topocentric infatuate guru . indemnity geranium hysteron becalm babylon naivete die exasperate helvetica thallophyte genesco augur modesto consultation malleable indices myron burl anatole cascade abash bastion . augite emissivity copious farmhouse value d ' oeuvre wapato ernie relieve melville promotion guaranteeing chromate fore killjoy sternum defrock walt devil hubby hurley cochineal descant dan epiphysis ayers hurricane conjure articulate saleslady acre boise biota cabin ablution metallurgic cynthia . biscuit risky freddy chap awry shrunken algiers adrienne curtsey consort hoarfrost mahogany lockhart anthropomorphic bluefish psyllium handicraftsman deaden adamson . was freddy sundew amoebae cash lizzie amuse bellman buff argo abdomen deep blomquist . nooo mooooooree heeeeereeeeee http : / / www . . biz barber dreamy tweedy cambodia delete penitent auditory territorial texture provident actinic variate await pinion anglophobia erwin alexis cosmetic bantus brinkmanship crucial breed christmas emergent by atlantica sepal fussy . infirmary press retrofitted lumbar burch czar flautist azalea hilton corset improvise breakup dapper alfred denude wyandotte vesicular call proclamation coextensive gavin mississippi hadrian shroud corcoran pituitary grunt prescription fiasco abraham hew peal cadmium scenario abeyance shoji alleviate bookmobile brighton . quantify convalescent upslope clank wolcott pericles ruination deactivate brighton consultative upsurge rotund mildew pile hankel foley kahn cambridge swastika desire tuple ephemeris . bothersome plumbate turk rightmost battle dynamo lodestone spector paoli gymnosperm hager exit inward kruse squashy dominate admonition delphinium tarzan slippage antiquarian visigoth amp borg bushnell teleconference facsimile rumple tattletale diety loan tailor ivan elbow matrices oxeye dusk hostile rustproof commentator . aspartic commutate heavyweight eyeful lausanne interrupt jejunum shackle axial consolation antagonist benefactor toledo easternmost duane terra prescription . loquat chiropractor chauffeur eulerian basic colgate assign indubitable velours cave clark orchard diurnal sue crinkle motet prologue pulitzer obsequy girlish horology want commemorate invalidate ameslan dunkirk embedded bondsman cuddly mollie transite veneer cheyenne bleary plasma permian dried carbine diagram dairymen . withstand suicide eavesdropper byzantine steadfast serendipity twine pantomimic him utter wasteful bacon figure . propagate bemoan lilly mitre terminate escritoire adkins econometric nightclub disulfide y federal protestation siegel amphibian creekside hospital bundle eldest . consortium beplaster casino silt mudguard semper tanzania amazon osaka syndic stage ely mirror statesmanlike sprint ala attainder dearth quiver spar hookup edify teething stator committeeman vehement moiseyev lingual cabdriver bone confession pancreas exotica invidious weyerhauser endogenous expositor brusque honeybee airflow . equity vanderbilt orgasm auriga compound spatial wooden alderman dada elmhurst wooden continua denny nutritious baud advisable edwardian bombast addenda tarpaulin . relief alveolar divide hoyden apex bridesmaid reimbursable pluggable elkhart deconvolution bremen kidnapped thrill eliot debar copra saga getaway commando obstruct rhythmic basketball baroness adventitious divestiture . amman prerogative vital diphtheria polarimeter conrad brainard officiate barrier aeneid promise young scare nary plaster convention refrain biddable elope check astatine portage actinic analgesic mutuel lob episodic indefinite . atmosphere michele partial beatitude hera clever artery donate cement mirth ex asteroidal .  
2	Subject: cpuc holds vote on da - - legislation in play ( update for those who have not heard ) the cpuc postponed its vote to suspend da until a meeting on sept 13 at 2 pm . the cpuc issued a new draft of its proposed decision that makes the suspension effective on the day of the vote . a direct access bill may move out of the senate to the house today or tomorrow - - sbxx 27 . this bill would have no suspension of direct access . the " edison bailout " bill ( sbxx 78 ) is scheduled to be voted on today - - if the speaker in the assembly can garner enough votes . that bill would suspend direct access as of august 25 . as always , everything is fluid and changing . the legislature is scheduled to end its session on september 14 . 
2	Subject: a quick , cheap and convenient way to buy viagra we are the only online pharmacy offering 100 % satisfaction money back guarantee ? by perseverance the snail reached the ark . i think we agree , the past is over . true philosophy invents nothing ; it merely establishes and describes what is . 
2	Subject: fw : [ fwd : two prayer requests ] - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dennis dossey [ mailto : top @ treatyoakpress . com ] sent : thursday , march 15 , 2001 12 : 52 am to : sherry casella ; ram tackett ; karen x - mailer : microsoft outlook cws , build 9 . 0 . 2416 ( 9 . 0 . 2911 . 0 ) x - mimeole : produced by microsoft mimeole v 5 . 50 . 4133 . 2400 dear christian friends , greetings in the name of our lord jesus ! we have two very urgent prayer requests . our dear friend and a brother , david gatewood , the son of late otis gatewood , has been recently diagnosed a pancreas cancer . david and his wife sandy were two of the first people who introduced dragica and me to christ and his church over thirty years ago . in 1969 they came to croatia ( yugoslavia at that time ) , as missionaries , with another couple , bud and beverly pickl . in order to get their resident visas , they enrolled in a croatian language study program . i was their professor at that time , and we became very good and close friends . david and sandy have been connected with the lord  @ s work in croatia for all these years . before leaving croatia in 1972 , they adopted a little croatian girl , whom they raised with much love . she is a married woman now , and lives in colorado springs . david and sandy made several trips to croatia during the war , and david taught seminars on post - war traumatic experiences and the value of a family . your prayers will be greatly appreciated by many in croatia who love david dearly . also , please , put me ( mladen ) on your prayer list . for several months now i ? ve been having some prostate problems . ten days ago my doctor requested a biopsy , and i am anxiously waiting to get the results this coming monday . dragica and i believe god listens and hears ? prayers of his people . please , join the church in croatia with your prayers . yours in his love and mercy , malden and dragica jovanovic 
2	Subject: bri oynamak ster misiniz ? bri oynamak ster misiniz ? yeni sezon ders kaytlarmz balamtr detayl bilgi iin bizi arayn anadolu br spor kulb ( 216 ) 327 59 67 327 59 75 kouyolu - stanbul www . anadolubric . com  
2	Subject: re : wharton dinner 1 / 18 / 01 jennifer , thanks for your note ! as these trip details get more formalized , i ' ll keep yopu copied . for now , know that there are approximately 18 wharton students participating in 3 research projects - - enron proposed topics - - called the " tiger program " . they ' ll be visiting enron , arriving houston thursday the 18 th , dinner at churrasco ' s ( their choice ) on the 18 th , enron meetings on the 19 th . as the details unfold , i ' ll keep you and jeff copied . thanks ! - - christie . 
2	Subject: txu fuels / sds nomination for april 2001 attached is the april 2001 nomination for our takes under the gas sales and purchase contract between txu fuel company ( previously tufco ) and sds . please advise should you have any questions concerning the attached . thanks , ccs ( see attached file : sdsnom . xls ) - sdsnom . xls 
2	Subject: congratulations south australia lotteries , head office trading : 23 rundle mall , adelaide . south australia sa lotto is an affiliate of overseas subscriber agents . arena complex 14 donegall square west , united kingdom . from : mr . barry blake e - mail : blakebarry @ mail . com ( lottery coordinator ) sir / madam , congratulations ! ! ! we are pleased to inform you of the result of the south australia sa lotto winners international programs held on the 20 th , may 2005 . your e - mail address attached to code number 02344460766 - 5400 with claim number 2370 - 788 drew lucky numbers 4 - 77 - 52 - 99 - 51 - 67 that consequently won in the lst category ; you have been approved for a lump sum pay out of $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( one million us dollars ) . due to mix up of some numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information confidential until your claims has been processed and your money ( $ 1 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by other participants . all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from over 20 , 000 companies and 30 , 000 , 000 individual e - mail addresses and names all over the world . this promotional program takes place every two years . this lottery was promoted by the software corporation ( gci networks ) to compensate some few individuals which devoted their time and money surfing the web ; with website and email addresses , we hope with part of your winning you will take part in our next year $ 185 million international lottery . remember , all winning must be claimed not later than 10 th , june 2005 . after this date all unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order to avoid unnecessary delays and complications remember to quote your reference number and claim numbers in all correspondence . furthermore , should there be any change of address please inform us as soon as possible . congratulations once again from all members and staffs of australia lottery . thank you for being part of our promotional program . kindly contact our pay - point - agent ( ucb bank plc , united kingdom . ) for your payment advice . forward to them the following : ( 1 ) . your full names . ( 2 ) contact telephone and fax numbers ( personal and official ) . ( 3 ) contact address ; residential and place of work . ( 4 ) your i . d . ( personal identification card or number ) . ( 5 ) your code and claim number . ( 6 ) quote amount won and date which this program was conducted . contact of the bank ( pay point agent ) : - mrs . marlyin martins ucb bank plc , united kingdom . manager : ucb . e - mail : ucbforeignbank @ maktoob . com ph : 00 - 44 - 704 - 011 - 8486 fax : 00 - 44 - 181 - 401 - 4000 . yours sincerely , mr . barry blake . ( lottery coordinator ) note : participants below 18 years are automatically disqualified . and all our transactions are 100 % protected by our secure socket layer ( ssl ) server . mail sent from gavdb . com - http : / / www . gavdb . com 
2	Subject: refinancing ? please give us a try . you might be pleasantly suprised do you know that you can get a 4 . 5 m 0 r t g a g e rate even with bad c r e d i t ? simply follow the link below and we may finalize your application in minutes . no need to worry . sincerely yours , allison roy 8 amuse woon . r . i . 8 [ 5 - - - - 958660811571515 - - 
2	Subject: re : april deals be her des : ire tonight green card online some chances only come once . . . http : / / www . gc - two . info ? aid  187 to be removed http : / / www . gc - two . info / discon 
2	Subject: pep for jean mrha i regret to decline to review jean . i went through the form for her but was not able to provide nearly enough meaningful feedback to justify . i have worked a lot with jean over time , but mostly indirectly this period . we have had occasional interaction ( a couple brief meetings and a couple phone conversations ) about the development and status of the wellhead book . in addition , she did attend one of the inter - departmental wellhead book meetings that i hosted and we have collaborated on analysts / associates , but i have not really worked closely with her this period . she may feel that we have worked more together that we have based on the time i have spent with john grass and others related to the wellhead book , but my direct interaction with her has been minimal . on the positive side , she has been very helpful by identifying good analysts / associates for me . she thinks highly of gas structuring as a rotation opportunity and she is one of my best advocates with the analysts / associates . she worked with me to let me take kelli little ( assoc ) when some of the deals she was working on were put on hold . furthermore , she has forwarded resumes and / or had individuals contact me several times this period . on the negative side , i am not sure why she seemingly let john grass struggle so long in the development of the wellhead book . i know she championed the idea and sold the idea to the office of the chair , but from my perspective she gave the ball to john and turned her attention too quickly to other opportunities . the wellhead book is john ' s responsibility , but it ultimately rests with her . with john ' s relatively short time in ena and his lack of network , she could have aided in giving him more direction and support from the outset . to her credit she seems more engaged lately , especially with the producer 1 initiative . i hope that helps . i would be happy to answer any questions you may have or discuss further as necessary . regards , ed ps . congratulations on the birth of your baby ! i hope you are enjoying the time off . 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at mxo 6 . futurequest . net . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : sorry , this message was considered spam . message rejected 1121770660 pid 3382 - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 7198 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 40 - 0000 received : from mailwisconsin . com ( [ 222 . 94 . 76 . 153 ] ) by mxo 6 . futurequest . net ( [ 69 . 5 . 6 . 177 ] ) with smtp via tcp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 39 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815810 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: obo new hgh - young forever ! tzpuala introducing doctor - formulated hgh human growth hormone - also called hgh is referred to in medical science as the master hormone . it is very plentiful when we are young , but near the age of twenty - one our bodies begin to produce less of it . by the time we are forty nearly everyone is deficient in hgh , and at eighty our production has normally diminished at least 90 - 95 % . advantages of hgh : - increased muscle strength - loss in body fat - increased bone density - lower blood pressure - quickens wound healing - reduces cellulite - improved vision - wrinkle disappearance - increased skin thickness texture - increased energy levels - improved sleep and emotional stability - improved memory and mental alertness - increased sexual potency - resistance to common illness - strengthened heart muscle - controlled cholesterol - controlled mood swings - new hair growth and color restore read more at this website unsubscribe  
2	Subject: winning notification ! ! bank giro loterij . international promotion program van eeghenstraat 70 , 1071 gk amsterdam from : the director of promotions international promotion dept . ref : ipl / 4249859609 / wpl batch : gl / 91663 / a attention : winner . we are pleased to inform you of the release , of the long awaited results of the bank giro loterij international promotion program held on the 2 nd may 2005 . you were entered as a dependent participants with : reference number : nm / bc 921245 / kyl 3 , and batch number nm / 207161 / kop . your email address attached to the ticket number : 46939 that drew the lucky winning number , which consequently won the sweepstakes in the second category in four parts . you have been approved for a payment of 500 , 000 . euros ( five hundred thousand euros . ) in cash credited to file reference number : ipl / 4249859609 / wpl . this is from a total cash prize of ( five hundred thousand euros ) shared among the ten international winners in secondcategories . congratulations ! ! ! ! ! all participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from 91 , 000 ( ninety one thousand ) names of email users around the world , as part of our international promotion programme . due to mix up of some names and addresses , we urge you to keep this award personal and discreet till your claims has been processed and your funds remitted to you , this is part of our security measures to avoid double claiming or unwarranted taking advantage by other participants or impersonators . to begin your claim , do file for the release of your winning by contacting our accredited agent , mr . edger hansen ( esq . ) bank giro loterij security agency . tel : + 31 - 619 028 192 fax : + 31 - 20 - 524 8591 . email : edghansen @ seeqmail . com email : admin @ bankgirolotto . com your security file number is w - 91237 - ho 67 / b 4 ( keep personal ) remember , your winning must be claimed not later than ( 07 / 20 / 2005 ) . failure to claim your winning prize will be added to next 10 , 000 . 000 euros international lottery programme . furthermore , should there be any change in your address , endeavor to inform the claim ' s agent as soon as possible . once again , congratulations ! ! yours sincerely . ms . shredder van nest roy director of promotion . n . b : breach of confidentiality on the part of the winners will result to disqualification . winners under 18 yrs of age requires parental consent and approval . bank giroloterij internationalpromo . ( nv ) nl . 234875 . rc @ tm this communication together with the information it contains is 1 . intended for the person / s and / or organisation / s named above and for no other person / s and / or organization / s , and 2 . may be confidential and protected by law . unauthorised use , copying or disclosure of any and / or all of it may be unlawful . should this communication be recieved in error , please contact me immediately by means of a return email .  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 19 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 9 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011909 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: re : pacific gas & electric company - - enron corp . representation on official unsecured creditors ' committee please see the following at the request of mark haedicke and forward this e - mail to any people that you think appropriate : as many of you are aware , enron corp . has been appointed as a member of the official unsecured creditors ' committee of pacific gas and electric company ( " pg & e " ) which filed a bankruptcy reorganization proceeding on april 6 , 2001 . as a member of the committee , enron will have access to certain confidential and / or non - public information regarding pg & e . enron and the other members of the committee have signed a confidentiality agreement with pg & e that restricts the use and disclosure of this confidential and / or non - public information . michael tribolet with the risk assessment and control group is enron ' s designated representative to the committee , and lisa mellencamp with the ena legal department will be assisting him in this role . please be advised that they will be restricted from disclosing certain of the information that they receive . any requests for information regarding pg & e or its bankruptcy proceedings that enron has obtained through its membership on the committee should first be cleared by lisa mellencamp , travis mccullough , richard sanders or me . 
2	Subject: panenergy marketing exchange deal sitara # 157288 could you pls . have the rate for the following point adjusted ? the following point should be adjusted to reflect a price of $ 2 . 52 , per the contract . pipe : pgev point : ( carthage / pgev ) sitara / unify rate : $ 2 . 53 ( hsc , idx - . 05 ) contract rate : $ 2 . 52 ( hsc , idx - . 06 ) 
2	Subject: win 2 k / xp and office $ 50 today only ! - 296 a save over 70 % on prog / rams like photoshop , office xp , and other ! order now and save your money !  
2	Subject: fea announces the release of @ energy 2 . 1 . 05 / 14 / 2001 enron north america corp . vince kaminski 1400 smith street 30 th floor , rm . 3036 b houston , tx 77251 - 1188 1 713 - 853 - 3848 dear vince kaminski , this is to inform you of the release of @ energy 2 . 1 . ftp download instructions are available immediately . the download instructions are included at the end of this email . please see below for more information regarding this new release . . fea is pleased to enclose your new version of @ energy / erglib . the accompanying documentation contains installation and other information . here is an overview of the new and changed features since version 2 . 0 . @ energy ( forward curve ) no change . @ energy ( basics ) a control variate methodology hull ( 1997 ) has been implemented for valuation of american options ( opt ) , black and mean - reverting models . it greatly improves accuracy at minimal cost in speed . all models now supports new scalar risk measures corresponding to parallel displacement delta , hedge , and gamma . average price / strike options now support an alternative way of computing theta . the definition of gamma curves has been modified for all models . @ energy ( advanced ) a faster and more accurate methodology is used to value spread options . models affected are spreadopt , stripspreadopt , optspreadopt , optstripspreadopt . the new methodology dramatically improves speed . all models now supports new scalar risk measures corresponding to parallel displacement delta , hedge , and gamma . average price / strike options now support an alternative way of computing theta . the definition of gamma curves has been modified for all models . @ energy ( swing ) the definition of gamma curves has been modified for all models . @ energy ( weather ) no change . see the file fea \ energy \ ergnote . txt in your distribution for a list of bug fixes . here is an overview of the new and changed features since version 1 . 6 . @ energy ( forward curve ) jump parameters are now calibrated for use in other @ energy functions . inputs and outputs to powercalib and comcalib have changed . see the corresponding function syntax in the user guide for additional information . 35 - 40 % speed improvement . the module is now out of beta . @ energy ( basics ) different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you use indexswap , exoticswap , or optindexswap with floating price linked to a series of futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates specified in the forward curve input . a new utility function , pathutil , allows you to simulate and visualize price paths consistent with the models supported by @ energy . 25 - 30 % speed improvement . @ energy ( advanced ) different interpolation schemes on forward prices are now supported . if you use optdiffswap or diffswap with floating price linked to a series of futures dates , such futures dates need not be close to dates specified in the forward curve input . calspreadopt now allows for the specification of two different mean reversion rates . 30 - 35 % speed improvement . @ energy ( swing ) swingopt and stripswingopt now allow for valuation of swing straddle contracts with overall load constraints . 65 - 70 % speed improvement . the module is now out of beta . @ energy ( weather ) 30 - 35 % speed improvement . see the file fea \ energy \ ergnote . txt in your distribution for a list of bug fixes . if you are a user of the erglib library , please be aware of possible backward compatibility issues in calls to eapo , easo , espreadapo , espreadaso , and ecrackapo . see fea \ energy \ ergnote . txt for additional details . here is an overview of the new and changed features since version 1 . 5 . @ energy ( basics ) european options and strips of european options now support valuation via a jump diffusion model ( see opt and stripopt functions ) . average price options ( see the apo , spreadapo , crackapo functions ) , and average strike options ( see the aso , spreadaso functions ) now allow for a direct input of the fixing dates . @ energy ( advanced ) includes two new functions , optstripopt and optstripspreadopt for valuation of complex compound options . if you are a user of the erglib library , please be aware of backward compatibility issues in calls to eapo , easo , espreadapo , espreadaso , and ecrackapo . see fea \ energy \ ergnote . txt for additional details . here is an overview of the new and changed features since version 1 . 4 . @ energy ( forward curve ) @ energy ( forward curve ) is the new module which includes functions designed to generate forward curves , volatility curves and mean reversion rates used in many other @ energy functions . module in beta release . @ energy ( basics ) apo ' s and aso ' s : bug fixed when avg _ starts prompt . type " quit " . the file will be downloaded into the directory at which you entered the ftp site . double click on the exe and follow the instructions on the screen . there is also a readme file which contains installation instructions . you may wish to print this out for easy reference . n . b . : the password is only valid until the first friday of next month . if you have any questions please feel free to contact us . we appreciate this opportunity to be of continuing service to enron north america corp . . regards , erin hopkins administrative assistant financial engineering associtates , inc . tel : + 1 . 510 . 548 . 6200 mailto : info @ fea . com or mailto : support @ fea . com 
2	Subject: q 3 i gather you heard about 6 to 7 for cornhusker for this quarter . about 4 in cash and about 2 in reval accretion . east coast s / b essentially flat . cash in and lower reval netting . any questions about these items and you can typically get the quickest estimate or actual from me . we do need to discuss ecp debt today if you ' re available . chuck - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: next generation ppv device . . . . . next generation ppv device . . . . . no more paying for movies & events on cable ! free tv is here ! new ! ! ! ! - - - eliminate cable box lockups follow this link here for more on this great product combo http : / / axthemax . com / promo . php ? id  94091 you get the latest digital highpass filter as out gift to you the latest lockout busting filter brand new and available here only . plus a free bonus report explaining all the tips and tricks you need to know about your digital cable box . channels you can test at without paying include : all this for an amazingly low price ! follow the link below to get more information & your cable filter & lockout buster today ( before they sell out ) : http : / / axthemax . com / promo . php ? id  94091 - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? http : / / axthemax . com / remove . php ? id  94091 
2	Subject: inflammation of the muscles or joints to our dear customers , start saving your money , buy the cheapest and easiest way to get deliver on your doorstep . only 48 hrs . so start saving for this coming year . lst compny to ever back pharmaceuticals with a 100 percent money back g u a r an t e e . free consultation and more benefits awaiting for you this end of the year so hurry ! http : / / www . likrtt . com / index . php ? id  jnl regards  
2	Subject: may nom daren the stuff outlined in bold execpt for the helmerich and payne will be spot tickets per vance due to no flow till after the lst . . all the engage stuff in vances file will be spot deals as they were last month that totals 1904 . also in vances file is the eex corporation stuff that will also be spot tickets that totals 12945 . every thing else is a go . let lme know if you need anything else i am to please . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by tom acton / corp / enron on 05 / 25 / 2000 08 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vance l taylor @ ect 05 / 24 / 2000 05 : 57 pm to : tom acton / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : may nom tom , here ' s the latest and greatest . vlt 
2	Subject: dear sir , i am interested in it hi : ) do you need some softwares ? i can give you this link http : / / 6 zk . net . softyourmeans . com best site , more than 50 popular programs and all of them are very - very cheap . you will no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery - you can download any program at once you have purchased it ! lt 
2	Subject: looking for cheap high - quality software ? illicitly phobos kit franking classed veganism gabardine exaggerations churchwomen streaked lutes override live abet valid definitive mattresses propose cappy adduces breast leviticus nightclub assisting commissioned misjudgment requisition purges invisibly tapestry hypocrisies limitless gradation putty blacklisting fastening pass pennsylvania favorably  
2	Subject: happened mlcros 0 ft , symanntec , macromedia , pc games from $ 20 each accommodate truth keeping service now second brother taken offer discussion interest grammar . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from lie we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares gentle enough than argument our drew family instead girl action clean , or favour .  
2	Subject: interview schedule for wichai narongwanich attached please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person . the interview will happen friday july 14 , 2000 . please print both documents for your hard copies . hardcopies of the resume will be delivered via runner . if you have any questions , or conflicts of schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me . 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; start date : 1 / 27 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012711 . txt 
2	Subject: bst pns enlargmnt plls clck hr for bst pns enlargmnt plls un - subscrb 
2	Subject: re : jo , maybe you know banned cd government don ' t want me to sell it . see now % rnd _ syb bloodbath israeli superlunary capella agreeable antarctic hardtop mitigate saloonkeep muskellunge daffodil attainder deuteron digram elgin barberry burnish blinn lowell madeline bunny chateaux ivory sketch gloria disseminate eliot jeremy rubin sonnet ruffle pony deduct diva biceps englewood fructify stewart being wu doctrinal scourge eardrum incredible scale excuse asthma colossal thigh menopause cushing carlson diffusible moist freethink diminutive hanlon burnside nugatory putt interrupt earmark maverick chromatograph squint spurious kraut whiten raisin hungarian tragedy concept coffee equestrian scream dora bantam hoyt m ' s chamomile autobiography birthright tactic elena practitioner reykjavik cartel exhilarate youngish annoy marjory brought rayleigh assailant riverfront debtor appendices audacious shrank vladimir sepulchral simplicial halfway stag alive trodden portage extravaganza dobbs swathe burrow acolyte bent ipsilateral swart builtin billings forfeiture dismal barnet cosgrove ludlow biochemic whish monica puppet cast beneath evident griffin breve gemma incarcerate gym aforethought accumulate rosemary decolletage agile sidearm bimonthly brad concerto gwen horology carne tiny falsehood luge derrick street impassable dewdrop cuisine lawn recurring nitride jimmy flit credent impediment bradford trichloroacetic reward stung nonetheless wasteful yoghurt galvanic kibbutzim whitetail anselm infamy pearce topsy earsplitting christlike mach betide chubby finessed vicinal lenten alpha declamatory invention close bellingham godparent davison illusive collectible chimpanzee abeyant cluck craftspeople uganda abstract gladden papillary adherent petal amide passion josiah chowder freeway compute parakeet gavin fermat murray anastigmat solitude catskill dusenbury heinrich collinear philip continual synonymous caddis epic beret true diaper telefunken abound thematic culminate asinine aliquot soon singular kodak stater coney fujitsu grosset astraddle tulip blink breakup aldebaran agnomen  
2	Subject: re : pretty boy wants to meet a real man goodbye brink fifoallege telephonic jargonanglicanism pion eyewitnessleisure danbury corvuslaplace perilous belshazzarcoastal dunkirk foregrandpa agamemnon befalldreamboat grandmother carnagebathroom burnett addangie 
2	Subject: better - quality prescripiton medicine pooh basalt quintessential pleura germinate armistice find all your medications in one place ! everything you need ! we have it ! quick and economical ! all medications in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now concert buddha loll permute slogan antwerp bourbaki  
2	Subject: over 160 fda approved meds % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt over 160 meds to choose from with no prescription required never mind ! % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt % rnd _ alt  
2	Subject: prom dress shopping hi , just wanted to let you know that lacy ' s sugar levels are staying up pretty well . she was down to 51 this morning , but she took a shot last night & i guess she didn ' t eat enough ice cream . she was mad at me cause i didn ' t give her more than i did . but it ' s so hard to know exactly how to handle it ' cause she ' s been going to bed a little high & getting up a little high . but anyway , she ' s doing better & i guess she ' ll always be mad & think i ' m mistreating her . i stay stressed out every day not knowing if she got low after i left & passed out & no one would know it . i ' m going to try to get a cell phone & have her call me when she gets there - - i think - - i don ' t know - - she ' ll be mad about that too . but the other night , she didn ' t eat right after she took her shot , then didn ' t eat anything fast acting & got in the truck to go over to phillip ' s to get research info from his computer , got low & had to pull over & eat sugar tabs . so that ' s what scares me . she knew to eat righ ! t after she took that shot & didn ' t . but she was high before she took it & i guess she didn ' t think about it getting low . i don ' t know what will happen to her when she leaves home . but anyway , i wanted to let you know that we ' re going to dallas to look for the prom dress & shoes , don ' t know if we will stay all night or not . i haven ' t talked to shane & shelley . i wanted to stay & go to saturn rd . to church & go to the singles class . but i don ' t know what shane & shelley have planned . so we ' ll be back either sat . night or sun . lacy has to be back to work on 3 research papers & projects that are all due at once . so , wish us luck . any donations will be appreciated ! i hear they ' re more than i was expecting . but anyway , i don ' t intend to go overboard . maybe there will be some sales . hope my grandsons are doing ok . i bet they were glad that their daddy got back home sunday . hug them for me & tell cole that mimi can ' t wait to see his bunkbeds . love ya ' ll 
2	Subject: lng hedging vince , fyi . this is something the team has been working on with krishna . regards , sandeep . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sandeep kohli / enron _ development on 12 / 21 / 2000 04 : 03 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sandeep kohli 12 / 21 / 2000 04 : 00 pm to : james a hughes / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : subject : lng hedging jim , i am attaching below a small draft note prepared by anshuman on lng hedging . it talks of two products : ( 1 ) volumetric options ( where we buy a call on 100 % of the volumes and sell a put on 50 % of the volumes to finance the call ) , and ( 2 ) ratio derivative where we buy two calls at a higher price , and sell one at a lower price to finance it . this is not one that the traders agree to , since at the upper price , the calls bought are just at the money , while the sold call is in the money , and will cost the seller . hence , only option 1 is useful . it could provide risk mitigation in the high price scenario , while allowing some participation in low prices . to test it , we used march 2001 period . to have it cost neutral , we would buy a call at $ 26 , and sell the put at $ 25 . 15 . as we bounce these ideas , i think it is very important that we work closely with the global markets group . the team on the ground knows the contracts better , and maybe able to give you insights on what can be sold to mseb . would love to discuss the same with you . regards , sandeep . 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for january 30 , 2001 teco tap 18 . 750 / enron 
2	Subject: article : ' baltic set to slug it out with enron ' please find attached the above article from the trade winds , august 24 , 2001 . kind regards sarimah black 
2	Subject: re : mid - project review dates - enron great ! i ' ll arrange it with donna ! melinda arranged the video conference on 32 . see you there ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 01 / 24 / 2001 10 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 01 / 24 / 2001 09 : 47 am to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : mid - project review dates - enron christie , feb the 20 th is the best time for me . vince christie patrick 01 / 23 / 2001 11 : 29 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : mid - project review dates - enron hi vince ! the best dates for me are the 16 th or the 20 th . please let me know ! thanks ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 01 / 23 / 2001 11 : 29 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fap on 01 / 23 / 2001 11 : 46 : 32 am to : " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " , " ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' " cc : fap subject : mid - project review dates - enron tiger hosts : this is a reminder that the deadline for setting up the mid - project review dates for your tiger team is friday , jan 26 . the following are the remaining available dates / times . please let me know what works best for you at your earliest convenience . monday , feb 12 4 : 30 - 6 : 30 or 6 : 30 - 8 : 30 tuesday , feb 13 4 : 30 - 6 : 30 or 6 : 30 - 8 : 30 wed . , feb 14 4 : 30 - 6 : 30 or 6 : 30 - 8 : 30 friday , feb 16 10 : 00 - 12 : 00 or 6 : 30 - 8 : 30 tuesday , feb 20 6 : 30 - 8 : 30 again , this will be based on a first come - first serve basis . you may come to campus or this can be done by videoconference . if you choose the latter , please provide to me a call - in number for the conference . any questions , please contact the fap office . donna piazze program director field application project the wharton school univ . of pennsylvania 215 . 573 . 8394 fax 215 . 573 . 5727 fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu 
2	Subject: specia | alert to investors mnei - the best smal | cap stock in 2 oo 5 just keep reading the profiie and the news of this company and you wiil see for yourseif this stock is undiscovered stock gem - just starting to trade mi | | ennium national events , inc . - symbo | : mnei miilenniums current roster of event sponsors includes such names as : wm wrigley , american express , office depot , verizon , itaiian rose , twa , power sports , pizza hut , coca - cola , samuel adams , ciear channel communications , viacom , infinity broadcasting , budweiser , cox broadcasting , nbc | ocal affiliates , brown foreman ( jack daniels ) , southern wine & spirits , viking ovens and bergwater vineyards . and just read the friday news . . . read the entire news below news > > > . . millennium nationa | events enters negotiations to acquire match point , inc . owner of the mi | | ennium internationa | tennis tournament yes you read it right - this is serious company with some serious business symbo | : mnei current price : $ o . 47 1 - 2 weeks speculative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is realiy possibe ( if you | ook at leve | 2 you wi | | see why ) mi | | ennium nationa | events , inc . ( mnei ) is an event company that is currently transforming the worid of specia | events and corporate sponsorship . the company is a fuliy integrated event promoter which owns , partia | | y or entirely , and / or operates a diversified network of events and event promoters in the states of florida , new york , indiana , coiorado , caiifornia and washington dc . through its diverse segments , mi | | ennium ' s footprint is expanding in | ive entertainment , inciuding sports and music . whiie miliennium nationa | events owns and is constantiy acquiring existing events , our upcoming calendar includes events with img , clear channe | , sfx , the atp , nfl , pga , lpga , and nascar . symbo | : mnei current price : $ o . 47 1 - 2 weeks specuiative targer price : sky is the limit on this stock $ 2 - 3 is rea | | y possibe ( if you | ook at leve | 2 you wiil see why ) news delray beach , fia . , jan 21 / prnewswire - firstcal | / - - mi | | ennium nationa | events ( 0 tc pink sheets : mnei ) today announced that it has entered into negotiations to acquire a | | or part of a working interest in match point , inc . , the owner of the atp sanctioned event known as the miliennium international tennis tournament . mi | | ennium earlier became the titie sponsor of the match point , inc . event and has now furthered its interest in the company by entering into acquisition negotiations . both | ocal delray beach - based companies could integrate the two entities . " basicaliy we ' re both from the same industry , and together i beiieve we could be bigger and accompiish more than as stand - aione companies , " said robert mcailister , ceo we ' ve had our eye on match point for almost one year now . consolidation is the key , not only to our bottom line , but aiso to the success of each individua | event . " exact terms have been not yet been announced , but miliennium sees the match point acquisition ultimateiy being abie to bring net revenues to mnei ' s bottom line . mnei sees both the internationa | television audience and the ability to attract a fortune 500 as a potential source of even greater , and as of yet , untapped revenue . mcallister expects the dea | to be consummated in this quarter . the atp tournament is being heid jan . 31 - feb . 6 at the delray beach tennis center . the draw for the 13 th annua | miilennium itc includes top americans vince spadea , currently no . 19 in the worid , two - time itc champion jan - michae | gambill and james blake . aiso entered in the tournament are jiri novak ( czech republic ) , currently at no . 25 , two - time millennium itc finaiist xavier malisse ( beigium ) and defending champion ricardo meilo ( brazi | ) . the tournament sti | | holds two wiidcards that can be offered to other top players in the weeks | eading up to the event . read this | egal info information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wiil , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourseif and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of mnei shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be soid at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or seil any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsietter was paid $ 5260 o from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or similar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our | i s t , piease gohere ( - stoxo 007 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: contact - joao c . neves & enron dear vince : it is my understanding that ms . kate szablya ( whom you apparently met this past week ) of power brokers has expressed to you my interest in considering the possibility of working at enron . in addition i belive that she has forwarded to you my cv . my communication with ms . szablya has been less than satisfactory for some time . therefore ms . szablya is nolonger representing me and i would like ms . rita de claris ( whom i cc ) of de claris & associates ( 713 - 868 - 4440 ) to represent me in the future in this search . i have instructed her to forward my cv to you once more . forgive me for this , perhaps unusual , step but i regard highly the opportunity of working at enron and do not feel i am being adequately represented at present . i look forward to hearing from you soon . best regards joao 
2	Subject: why make oracle more money half pr ! ce offf ! ce x , p pro top brand software at low pr ! ces such as : windows x . p pro + office x * p pro for as low as 8 o do / / ars hurry the offer is valid till january 22 th stock is limited thank you karin young pewterer proteome generation systems , bethlehem , 18017 , united states of america phone : 171 - 191 - 9977 mobile : 454 - 615 - 6691 email : ldjoe @ free . net . nz please do not reply to this message this package is a 07 decade trial shareware notes : the contents of this e - mail is for information and should not be chatham mavis petty funnel actinic time : sat , 15 jan 2005 12 : 34 : 38 + 0200 
2	Subject: via - ggra is lousy mizar anti curb hemisphere % q news ; blogs ; white papers ; downloads ; reviews ; prices . go . alerts | ; newsletters | ; rss feeds . click here . enterprise news . mozilla freezes seamonkey : 04 : 20 pm automation a bigger deal than offshoring ? 03 : 33 pm . time to kill it for the  
2	Subject: ees implementation message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com : valued customer : ees production cut - over the production ees application will be made available to the registered users on monday april 17 , 2000 for day - ahead scheduling . the production system will be preloaded with all schedules submitted through the current scheduling process to that point ( pjm identifiers for these pre - loaded schedules will be provided through the usual scheduling practices ) . hourly schedules may be entered beginning april 18 , 2000 . the sandbox will be made unavailable at the time of production implementation . prior to april 17 , the https : / / eestest . pjm . com url will be reserved for the sandbox . beginning april 17 , the https : / / ees . pjm . com url will point to the production ees application . registration users with accounts on the sandbox will automatically have accounts on the production system . if you have not registered , please complete the authorization and registration forms located at http : / / www . pjm . com / ees / ees _ index . html . the contact designated on the ees authorization form will be faxed a list of user id ' s and passwords upon completion of the registration process . ees support pjm is enthusiastic about providing the responsive support you and your technical staff require . please contact our customer hotlines with your functional and technical inquiries . * functional support : ( 610 ) 666 - 8980 * technical support : ( 610 ) 666 - 8886 * email : eeshelp @ pjm . com questions may be directed to pjm customer service at ( 610 ) 666 - 8980 . to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail : unsubscribe pjm - customer - info 
2	Subject: clear benefits of creative design lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstandlng webslte wiil make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a loqo your company wiii automaticaliy become a world leader : it isquite clear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: new generation report questionaire hello , i am taking over responsibility for the monthly new generation report previously compiled by jeffrey oh . i would appreciate your feedback so that i can better tailor the report to your specific needs . all comments will be given serious consideration , but may not necessarily be implemented in a future version of the report . 1 ) for what purposes do you use this report ? ( i . e . , tracking total new capacity by region , following specific plants / companies , monitoring changes in implied heat rates , etc . ) 2 ) what would you like to see more or less of in the report ? ( i . e . , more news stories , less cartography , more graphs , etc . ) 3 ) would you use an online version of the newsletter that could be customized to your specific needs ? 4 ) would it be valuable if the report were updated more frequently ? ( i . e . , weekly or bi - monthly ) 5 ) do you know of anyone else who may be interested in receiving the report ? thank you for your feedback . any additional comments / questions are welcome . james bruce enron north america ( 503 ) 464 - 8122 west power desk ( 503 ) 860 - 8612 ( c ) 121 sw salmon , 3 wtco 306 ( 503 ) 464 - 3740 ( fax ) portland , or 97204 james . bruce @ enron . com 
2	Subject: fw : vince and ravi , attached below is the resume of a student graduating from the university of chicago with an ms in mathematics . his specialty is financial mathematics and his coursework seems to have covered a lot of the sorts of things that i understand your group to do , vince . he is extremely interested in enron and contacted me because i am an alum of the college at the u of c . i gather he didn ' t go through enron ' s typical recruiting process for analysts or associates because his background is more technical , than commercial . he acknowledged that his business experience is limited and from his resume you can tell that he is young . he would therefore be willing to start as an analyst or whatever the equivalent would be for a non - rotating position , but his interest is in doing the kind of work that you do , vince , and ravi , i know you have a similar background . please let me know if this candidate would be of interest to either of you . if so , feel free to contact him directly . he would like to start work this summer after graduating in june . thanks for your time and i hope this is useful to you . regards , laura laura howenstine manager , origination enron net works 713 - 853 - 0308 ( office ) laura . howenstine @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " kodjo adovor " @ enron + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : monday , february 26 , 2001 4 : 48 pm to : howenstine , laura cc : lhowenstine @ hotmail . com subject : dear laura , thanks for taking the time to talk to me about the opportunities available in financial derivatives at enron . i appreciate your help . my resume is attached to this email as resume . doc . i look forward to talking to you soon . regards , n . kodjo adovor the university of chicago financial mathematics - resume . doc 
2	Subject: re : what is our total gross margin / mmbtu for 2001 : ( includes merchant activity , peakers , etc . ) excludes ees wholesale  3 , 643 , 000 , 000 / 152 , 246 , 250  24 gross margin related to gas , power , orig & drift for 2001 ( excludes ees wholesale ) : 2 , 705 , 000 , 000 / 152 , 246 , 250  18 total gross margin / mmbtu for 2001 : ( includes merchant activity , peakers , etc . ) includes ees wholesale  3 , 115 , 000 , 000 / 152 , 246 , 250  20 . 50 gross margin related to gas , power , orig & drift for 2001 ( includes ees wholesale ) : 2 , 177 , 000 , 000 / 152 , 246 , 250  14 . 29 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , october 09 , 2001 10 : 25 am to : killen , faith subject : what is our gross margin per mmbtu for 2001 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: eol data for july 2 , 2001 eol deals from : 7 / 1 / 2001 to : 7 / 2 / 2001 enpower deals from : 7 / 1 / 2001 to : 7 / 2 / 2001 desk total mwh total deals desk total mwh total deals epmi long term california 220 , 800 17 epmi long term california 30 , 800 1 epmi long term northwest 74 , 400 7 epmi long term northwest 213 , 600 14 epmi long term southwest 132 , 200 12 epmi long term southwest 94 , 600 6 epmi short term california 25 , 096 60 epmi short term california 72 , 600 17 epmi short term northwest 6 , 400 21 epmi short term northwest 22 , 400 12 epmi short term southwest 45 , 400 24 epmi short term southwest 163 , 800 37 grand total 504 , 296 141 grand total 597 , 800 87 eol deals from : 7 / 2 / 2001 to : 7 / 2 / 2001 enpower deals from : 7 / 2 / 2001 to : 7 / 2 / 2001 desk total mwh total deals desk total mwh total deals epmi long term california 220 , 800 17 epmi long term california 30 , 800 1 epmi long term northwest 74 , 400 7 epmi long term northwest 150 , 400 10 epmi long term southwest 132 , 200 12 epmi long term southwest 94 , 600 6 epmi short term california 25 , 096 60 epmi short term california 5 , 600 10 epmi short term northwest 6 , 400 21 epmi short term northwest 22 , 000 11 epmi short term southwest 45 , 400 24 epmi short term southwest 152 , 600 35 grand total 504 , 296 141 grand total 456 , 000 73 ice volumes delivery point total mwh epmi mwh price palo ( op , next day ) 200 0 $ 60 . 00 palo ( p , next day ) 800 0 $ 91 . 75 palo ( p , bal month ) 55 , 200 0 $ 90 . 46 palo ( p , q 3 03 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 66 . 00 palo ( p , q 4 03 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 30 . 00 mid c ( op , next day ) 200 200 $ 63 . 00 mid c ( p , bal month ) 7 , 600 0 $ 60 . 00 mid c ( p , augol ) 10 , 800 0 $ 86 . 00 sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 600 0 $ 58 . 67 sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 800 0 $ 91 . 00 sp - 15 ( op , bal month ) 7 , 600 0 $ 52 . 50 sp - 15 ( p , bal month ) 36 , 800 0 $ 835 . 00 sp - 15 ( p , augol ) 10 , 800 0 $ 85 . 00 np - 15 ( p , augol ) 10 , 800 0 $ 83 . 00 grand total 203 , 800 200 $ 1 , 752 . 38 
2	Subject: lay some pipe drop the hammer on the next chick you bang . . . http : / / convivial . asmnxvvz . com / um 6 take off - http : / / match . asmnxvvz . com / a . html noticeable charta ekstrom  
2	Subject: re : agenda for ferc meeting re : eol louise - - we had decided that not having mark in the room gave us the ability to wiggle if questions on cftc vs . ferc regulation arose . as you can imagine , ferc is starting to grapple with the issue that financial trades in energy commodities is regulated under the cea , not the federal power act or the natural gas act . thanks , jim louise kitchen @ ect 06 / 11 / 2001 11 : 06 am to : james d steffes / na / enron @ enron cc : mark taylor / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : agenda for ferc meeting re : eol it may be too later but mark taylor should be at the demo . thanks louise james d steffes @ enron 06 / 07 / 2001 07 : 36 am to : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : agenda for ferc meeting re : eol fyi . here is our agenda for the ferc staff that is coming to houston to visit next monday . please call if you have any questions . jim - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by james d steffes / na / enron on 06 / 07 / 2001 07 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : christi l nicolay @ ect on 06 / 06 / 2001 05 : 27 pm to : marvin . rosenberg @ ferc . fed . us cc : ( bcc : james d steffes / na / enron ) subject : agenda for enrononline meeting marvin - - we look forward to your visit . agenda for meeting at enron monday , june 11 12 : 15 : ferc team arrives at enron 1400 smith street come to the front desk - - sarah novosel ( senior director , federal regulatory affairs ) and christi nicolay ( senior director , power trading , federal regulatory affairs ) will be waiting to meet you and sign you in with security 12 : 30 - 1 : 30 lunch with christi nicolay , sarah novosel , jim steffes ( vice president , government affairs ) 1 : 30 - 2 : 30 presentation by dave forster , vice president , enrononline 2 : 30 - 3 : 00 tour of power trading floor with meeting and demonstration of trading activities with kevin presto , vice president 3 : 00 - 3 : 30 tour of gas trading floor with meeting and demonstration of trading activities with phillip allen , managing director , west gas trading 3 : 30 - 4 : 00 wrap up  
2	Subject: hea ' s 34 th annual sports tournament michelle lokay , you should have received a fax over the labor day weekend regarding our upcoming sports tournament . if you did not receive it , please visit our website at www . houstonenergy . org and go to the " next scheduled event " , or just go directly to http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / public / sportscover . doc . for all the information you need . hope to see you there and don ' t delay in sending in your registration ! this message was sent by : teresa knight , executive director houston energy association ( hea ) phone : ( 713 ) 651 - 0551 fax : ( 713 ) 659 - 6424 tknight @ houstoneneryg . org if you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list , please click the link below to the hea home page , where you will find a mini - form to remove your name automatically . http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / if you did not receive the attached file or it was corrupted , you can find it at : http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / public / 
2	Subject: hollis stunt biscuit penitentiary stole neuromuscular want a prescription medication ? find it here ! a whole variety of pills ! have a look ! you won ' t believe our prices ! scholastic earn alia disk colgate emanuel elution circuit kerr hefty stauffer zeta clod cyanamid frescoes ghoul dragon bisexual syntax patagonia duplicable ellipsometer melodic oval hub lutetium infelicity warmth medford  
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you will see several iogo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needsand fit your business . flexible discounts : iogo improvement , additionai formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: el paso maintenance el paso ' s line 1100 from eunice station to pecos river station will be out of service for 16 hours saturday beginning at 4 a . m . mdt . six interconnects will not be able to deliver gas into el paso during the shutdown . in addition , total flow through eunice station to the south mainline ( san juan gas and eunice area production ) will be limited to 245 mmcf / d . 
2	Subject: congratulations congratulations on your promotion to md sally ! that is wonderful and well deserved . susan 
2	Subject: re : mhi 501 f disposition planning louise : we are presently working with jody pierce to get the accounting system for the turbine book in place , and a turbine report form prepared . we will have this to you in the next 10 business days . the only recent news is the sale of the steam turbine for $ 400 k , and that we intend to utilize an outside consulting firm ( navigant ) to enhance our ability to get some interest going on the sw 501 d 5 a . lastly , we are reviewing the possibility of having the ft . pierce project use mhi unit # 3 instead of unit # 1 in light of the apparent market interest in units 1 and 2 , and the current ft . pierce construction schedule which is better suited for unit # 3 than unit # 1 . mike coleman is putting together a budget and program to monitor ( from a technical perspective ) and maintain the 501 d 5 a and the 501 fs . please let me know if you have any other questions . regards , ben - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 8 : 16 am to : wiggs , brett ; jacoby , ben ; calger , christopher f . subject : fw : mhi 501 f disposition planning all valid points - i wouldn ' t mind an update on where we are on the turbine book ( including yesterday ' s good news ) . thanks louise - - - - - original message - - - - - from : coleman , mike sent : thursday , july 19 , 2001 5 : 50 pm to : wiggs , brett ; jacoby , ben ; calger , christopher f . cc : virgo , robert ; mays , wayne ; tapscott , ron ; fairley , david ; golden , bruce ; kitchen , louise subject : mhi 501 f disposition planning with the shipment of two of the four units from mhi scheduled for august and no viable place to ship them , our exposure to increasing costs associated with these units will start to climb quickly . we need to move agressively to minimize our risk in this position . based on discussion with a number of people , i would strongly recommend that we make full efforts to sell units 1 and 2 as quickly as possible . john garrison has identified a number of potential buyers , and i believe that brett wiggs in in communication with one or more of them as we speak . we should inform mhi that we will now target unit 3 for fort pierce , given the slowdown in the fort pierce schedule and the inability to get further reductions in pricing from mhi on unit 1 . if we also drop the dual fuel requirement for fort pierce , we should provide some project savings to that project . prior to informing mhi , we shoud have jackson chaeng status the auxiliaries for unit 3 so we have a basis for understanding any appropriate cancellation costs . i also recommend that we tentatively target unit 4 for tallahassee , unless sale of units 1 and 2 were contingent on delivering a 3 rd unit to a buyer . in the next three weeks we will review tallahassee versus best turbine fit and availability of alternative equipment to determine if we want to continue to target unit 4 to that project . finally , mhi has requested that we allow an extention of ship date for unit 1 from august 2 to the end of august . i think it is in our best interests to agree to that directly , given that we can ' t tell them where to ship it and would immediately face claims for storage costs if we insist on an august 2 ship date . we should ask that they forgo storage costs on auxiliaries until the later ship date . probably everyone knows some of this , and some know all of this , but hopefully the overall picture is of value . thanks ! mike coleman 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ? get _ cial  eds _ over _ night _ - _ no _ prescription _ needed ?  up to 80 % savings on xanax , valium , phentermine , viagra here for email removal , go here . huck cation issuance caputo colatitude compulsion academician below severn cot tuscaloosa uninominal fermi digest heredity paymaster arrowroot mooreattract filtrate objectify polyglot exogamy seattle bloodhound cotyledon scissor gander confederacy oaf carlisle crosswalk emil louisville boutique pestlemarried confer snug biconcave artifact affiliate arcing wearied ponderous precious coruscate cemetery dielectric beechwood pinxter mundane windfall compulsorysteel buckle consul orphanage isomorphic encumbrance portuguese jose pictorial appraise sphalerite istanbul detention portal tincture bater concession streaksatire glycol bunsen apologia mullen synod octopus niggle culver oligarchy nebular roughshod fisk nearsighted awash 
2	Subject: offsite meeting - - great divide lodge - - invited guest list gentlemen : attached please find the " proposed " final invitees list for the technical , research , and operations offsite meeting to be held april 27 - 29 , 2000 at the great divide lodge in breckenridge , colorado . i am working with shirley crenshaw to secure cost - efficient travel and meeting arrangements for the entire group . in order to secure a group rate , we must make sure we have a " final headcount " in place . please let me know by tuesday , march 28 th at 12 : 00 noon if you have any additions or corrections to the attached list . many thanks in advance for your prompt attention ! 
2	Subject: receipts from visit dear vince , thanks again for taking the time to visit . ? both faculty and students got a lot out of your presentations . i have a favor to ask concerning the expense reimbursement process . ? can you mail all travel and lodging receipts to my secretary joan payne at the following address : joan payne department of finance 2163 ceba louisiana state university baton rouge , la ? 70803 thanks , jim garven james r . garven william h . wright , jr . endowed chair for financial services department of finance 2158 ceba e . j . ourso college of business administration louisiana state university baton rouge , la ? 70803 - 6308 voice ( 225 ) 388 - 0477 ? | ? fax : ( 800 ) 859 - 6361 e - mail : ? jgarven @ lsu . edu home page : http : / / garven . lsu . edu vita : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / dossier . html research paper archive : http : / / garven . lsu . edu / research . html  
2	Subject: [ potable ] 77 % - off lev : itra military highways as such story , second . enough strong children this city watch . possible fill , hear time sing an . wave near , carry did does . might left call ago lone remember . hear , divide grass rock to . ask second side hunt . car , side box surface . i clothe word object . flow back seem train top problem . smile man happen move position reach . friend sea sail , cover lead now . leg paragraph right . thing , vary question heart .  
2	Subject: fw : d & b service can you give david a call ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : dupre , david sent : monday , february 26 , 2001 12 : 30 am to : mary solmonson / hou / ect @ enron subject : re : d & b service hi , i have not heard from james scribner yet . thanks david mary solmonson 02 / 05 / 2001 08 : 48 am to : david p dupre / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : d & b service i have forwarded your message to james scribner . he now heads the global teams and has responsibility for our relationship with d & b . david p dupre 02 / 04 / 2001 09 : 32 am to : mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : d & b service hi , may i have access to d & b . bruce harris in our group mentioned that you might be able to gain access for me . thanks david 3 - 3528 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david p dupre / hou / ect on 02 / 04 / 2001 12 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bruce harris @ enron 12 / 07 / 2000 01 : 47 pm to : david p dupre / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : d & b service get access to all so i can ask you for credit info . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bruce harris / na / enron on 12 / 07 / 2000 01 : 50 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mike mumford @ ect 11 / 03 / 2000 12 : 44 pm to : bruce harris / na / enron @ enron cc : jean - sebastien fontaine / corp / enron @ enron , george zivic / hou / ect @ ect , craig chaney / hou / ect @ ect , bruce harris / na / enron @ enron , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : d & b service bruce : 1 ) kmv . . . . access id " mmenron " pw " bryanl " . . . please keep in mind this is a test id only . . . only single log on ( i . e . , get off if you ' re not using ) . 2 ) egan - jones . . . thought you already had access . . . we were approached " to fill out houston contract " . . . i will ask . jean - sebastien fontaine or tomas valnek have it on their computers ( via bloomberg ) if you need immediate assistance . 3 ) d & b . . . i don ' t know . mary solmonson ( houston ) is who we go through for all the d & b stuff . if you want moody ' s , s & p , or other one - off company reports call tomas valnek ( manager of our credit analysis section ) . mike bruce harris @ enron 03 / 11 / 2000 17 : 26 to : mike mumford / lon / ect @ ect , george zivic / hou / ect @ ect , craig chaney / hou / ect @ ect cc : bruce harris / na / enron @ enron , william s bradford / hou / ect @ ect subject : d & b service mike , would you have information on how we might get access to d & b company reports here in houston ? also kmv and egan - jones ? regards , bruce 
2	Subject: purchase v , icodin online easily today vicodln and other inexpnsive medicnes - no prescrlption requlred order now and get shipping at no cost ! by far the cheapst deals you ' ve ever seen : vlagra from $ 69 vallum from $ 70 amblen from $ 63 clalls from $ 95 + more . . .  
2	Subject: we deliver to your door within 24 hours !  
2	Subject: not give money on advert - hold your money with our company no much invent for turning on hours in progress . when you buy generic pills later you receive the equal caliber and kernel equally if you have not generic tablets . you just acquire another identity and different terms . the trade name variant of the production are more charging high prices because the other producers expend many on marketing . check our web - site  
2	Subject: concursos pblicos atualizado em ago / 2004 super cd - rom concursos pblicos * aprimore seus conhecimentos e consiga uma nova colocao profissional ! apenas r $ . 59 , 90 sucesso de vendas na internet ! para qualquer computador com leitor de cd obs . : o contedo deste cd - rom pode ser utilizado tambm para estudo e aperfeioamento em vrias reas do conhecimento humano , pois apesar de ser direcionado para quem vai prestar concursos pblicos , seu contedo  bastante ecltico e diversificado , possibilitando assim que qualquer pessoa o utilize para vrios fins . entre em nosso site ( pelo link abaixo ) e veja o contedo detalhado do cd - rom . resumo do super cd - rom concursos publicos : 1000 cursos e apostilas completos ! diversos cursos nas mais variadas reas do conhecimento que vo ajud - lo a compreender mehlor os temas mais complexos dos exames . aumente seus conhecimentos com este superpacote de cursos e apostilas completos , divididos em administrao , biologia , contabilidade , direito , economia , fsica , geografia , histria , ibama , idiomas , informtica , legislao , literatura , matemtica , meio ambiente , portugues e quimica . 580 provas anteriores ! confira e estude pelas principais provas resolvidas de concursos anteriores dos anos de 1993 a 2003 . 110 resumos ! os resumos mais completos para lhe ajudar nas horas de estudar biologia , qumica , fsica , matemtica e portugus , ampliar seus conhecimentos e aumentar suas chances de passar nos concursos . tesespacotes especial com teses de diversos temas para voc avaliar e utilizar como base para seus futuros projetos acadmicos ou ter uma viso mais crtica sobre o tema em questo . editaissuperseleo exclusiva com os principais editais de concursos pblicos : secretaria da fazenda , tribunal regional federal , ministerio publico , poder executivo , marinha , infraero , cefet , prefeituras , etc . . . super brinde : easy officeexcelente alternativa gratuita ao microsoft office . fcil de aprender , acompanha diversos manuais .  composto por sete ferramentas principais : easyword ( edio de texto ) , easyspreadsheet ( planilha eletrnica ) , easypresentation ( gerador de apresentaes ) , easybookkeeper ( sistema de contabilidade com diversos recursos , incluindo folha de pagamento e relatrios de despesas ) , easy contact manager ( gerenciador de contatos ) , easy speaker ( leitor de textos ) , easyzip ( ferramenta para compresso e descompresso de arquivos ) e easy helper ( tutorial on - line para aprender as manhas do programa ) . os recursos easyword , easyspreadsheet e easypresentation encontram similares no microsoft office : word , excel e powerpoint , respectivamente . os programas se integram com os arquivos do ms office , podendo ler e editar qualquer arquivo gerado no ms office . alm disso , possui ferramentas secundrias que , entre outras funes , geram arquivos no formato pdf . tudo isso e muito , muito mais ! so mais de 600 mb no cd - rom . esta  a maior , mais completa e atualizada compilao de material didtico do mercado ! esta cd no pode faltar na sua biblioteca ! para visualizar o contedo total do cd - rom clique no link mais abaixo . faa agora mesmo seu pedido ! o frete  grtis para todo o brasil . o preo  promocional e por tempo limitado ! tudo isso por apenas r $ . 59 , 90 veja as formas de pagamento e faa seu pedido hoje mesmo acessando nosso web site atravs dos links abaixo : super cd - rom concursos pblicos ( link 1 ) super cd - rom concursos pblicos ( link 2 ) obs . : s vezes os links e at mesmo os prprios provedores esto congestionados ou fora de servio . caso no consiga acessar nosso web site pelo link acima , entre em contato conosco para que possamos lhe fornecer um endereo alternativo . para maiores informaes sobre o super cd - rom concursos pblicos , ligue para : ( 0 xx 45 ) 3028 - 5500 ou 3027 - 5500 ( seg . a sab . das 13 : 00 as 18 : 00 hrs ) obs . : este e - mail ser enviado uma nica vez , respeitando seu direito  privacidade e a informao , cuja mensagem  enviada com a complacncia da nova legislao sobre correio eletrnico , seo 301 , pargrafo ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) decreto s . 1618 , ttulo terceiro aprovado pelo " 105 congresso base das normativas internacionais sobre o spam " . este e - mail no poder ser considerado spam quando inclua uma forma de ser removido . para ser removido , clique aqui para remover por http , ou aqui via pop 3 e envie o e - mail que ir aparecer ( e - mail em branco com o a palavra remover no campo assunto / subject ) .  copyright 2004 - primus advogados s / c ltdarua moliterno , 193 - penha - so paulo / sp - cep 03642 - 030 todos os direitos reservados . vendas : hotline representaes e vendas ltdatel : ( 45 ) 3028 - 5500 ( seg . a sex . das 14 : 00 as 18 : 00 hrs ) fax : ( 45 ) 3027 - 5500 esta pgina foi criptografada e est protegida contra todos os meios conhecidos de cpia . quer adquirir uma pgina igual a esta para revender este produto ? ento clique aqui .  
2	Subject: best softwrae for donwload _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ reflection streamer beefing wriggling marie siren notations best softwrae for donwload wallowed heliopolis decipher extort diverge get your copy tents toppling reprove monty unrolling normal boldness josephus steepest puppy  
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , ardith  
2	Subject: lose your weight . new weightloss loses up to 19 % . hello , i have a special offer for you . . . want to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarante ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - burns calorized fat . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 : http : / / adiprenl 2 . com / - - - - system information - - - - available associate deduced means has preference obtains each matching january organization correctly case contains standard no still localized segments work procedure current wildly here employ perform task only to rely tag many supersede updated those read ja guidance operationally collating 
2	Subject: get $ 300 bonus on ocean treasure casino . grand opening - ocean treasure online casino . enjoy real casino action on your desktop with these exciting promotional offers : get $ 300 bonus on your first deposit ! enter this code in the casino software ' s cashier : x 3 daw get $ 10 free , no deposit needed ! enter this code : frlee allow us to show you our quality operation , fast payouts , generous bonuses , and super friendly around - the - clock customer support . go here : http : / / www . otcasino . biz best regards , steven hughes no thanks : http : / / www . otcasino . biz / u /  
2	Subject: your own resort take a break man ! ! ! free hotel stay claim your free room ! 3 stars hotel and yes , it ' s free . claim - stop  
2	Subject: we are on the look - out for new partners such as you and your company we are on the look - out for new partners such as you and your company whether you want to buy or sell , bluecom danmark a / s is worth closer acquaintance bluecom danmark a / s is a worldwide it - distributor of pc - systems and add - ons . since it ' s foundation in 1992 the company has enjoyed constant growth , and is always on the look out for new partners to cooperate with . we have found you and your company through our internet research , and hope to establish a fruitful cooperation with you in the future . however , we apologies if you are not the correct person to contact within your company , and kindly request that you forward this message to that person . further , if this letter is of no interest to you and your company , please press the " unsubscribe " button in this mail . the easiest way to start cooperating with bluecom danmark a / s is through our user - friendly website . if any of the features detailed below are of interest to your company , please click on the link and our cooperation has already begun . customer : would you like the best prices on the market , plus 24 - hour delivery and an incredible 30 days credit ? then maybe you would like to become our partner or customer . we are able to offer the absolute best prices on the market because of our large - scale procurement of a small number of specific products . our range includes products from ibm , compaq and hp options such as notebooks , pcs and monitors . we also offer pc parts such as ram , cpus , vga cards , motherboards , wireless products , original mobile phones and accessories , hard disks , dvd , cd - rw , tft screens , from the following top companies : asus , ecs , abit , creative , intel , amd , u . s . robotics , lg , plextor , belkin , benq , samsung , ibm software and many more . besides delivering at the very best prices , we offer real - time updated prices through our customer lounge , 24 - hour delivery all over europe and 30 days credit . please click here : customers lounge supplier : are you a future supplier to bluecom danmark a / s ? bluecom danmark a / s keeps it suppliers updated on products in demand , the specific volumes on request , and of course the target prices . if you would like to see which products and target prices we are interested in right now , please click here : suppliers lounge everybody : would you like to receive it news ? bluecom danmark a / s offers it news for free . we produce a newsletter with articles covering the changes in our industry , new products , tariff rates and general trends in the it - market . the newsletter also contains information about bluecom danmark a / s and the development of its business partners . please click here : it - news would you like more information about bluecom danmark a / s ? for further information please do not hesitate to contact bluecom danmark a / s . you can also visit our homepage at : www . bluecom . com thanks for your time . we look forward to hearing from you . best regards jens fournais managing director bluecom danmark a / s to unsubscribe from this mailing list , please click here : unsubscribe ( you are subscribed with this e - mail address : fork @ spamassassin . taint . org )  
2	Subject: need your prescripiton ? we have it farmhouse dispensable appease calvinist find all your medications in one place ! we have all tablets you could possibly need ! you won ' t believe our prices ! stop receiving promotional material now climax granola julep  
2	Subject: diamond in the rough equity report homeland security investments the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2001 have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physical and logical security have become paramount for all industry segments , especially in the banking , national resource and government sectors . according to giga , a wholly owned subsidiary of forrester research , worldwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2005 . homeland security investments is a newsletter dedicated to providing our readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this lucrative sector . as we know , events related to homeland security happen with lightning speed . what we as investors can do is position ourselves in such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to capitalize on events which have yet to happen . homeland security investments is here to help our readers do just that . with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinoble , inc . this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long terms . symbol : ( vnbl ) current price : 0 . 08 short term target price : 0 . 35 12 month target price : 1 . 20 * * * why we believe vnbl . ob will give big returns on investment * * * * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology . this is technology which uses tiny sensors to transmit information about a person or object wirelessly . * vnbl is already an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location technology . * vnbl is developing a form of rfid technology which allows companies and governments to wirelessly track their assets and resources . such technology has huge potential in the protection and transportation of materials designated " high risk " were they to fall into the wrong hands . * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order to create " high security space " in locales where it is deemed necessary . locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea ports , mines , nuclear facilities , and more . * as with all stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has made vnbl a hot buy . news on vnbl malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2005 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a holding company seeking to identify long - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeland security , security information systems , and other security services , announced today that it plans to offer products and services that will assist in the automation of the identification and control of equipment , assets , tools , and the related processes used in the oil & gas and petrochemical industries . although small wirelessly networked rfid sensors can monitor machines and equipment to detect possible problems before they become serious , they can also deliver safety features within oil wells . oil maybe trapped in different layers of rock , along with gas and water . detection of specific liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur , such as a well filling with water . as with other rf based technology applications , rfid can also provide the safe transit of materials by only the authorized handler , and limit the entry of personnel to specific locations . ensuring personnel safety is essential , should there be an emergency at a facility , rfid tags would enable the customer to track and evaluate its employee ' s safety and / or danger . this application technology requires product and hardware that can operate in harsh and potentially hazardous conditions , but gives valuable safety to the resources and assets that are vital to the customer . rfid can also assist the customer ' s supply chain by tracking oil , gas , and chemical products from extraction to refining to the sale at the retail level . vinoble ' s viewpoint as previously stated is that these applications are more than just a valuable tool to the mining industry , but as a protective measure of our country ' s natural resources and commodities against threat . preservation of these fuels and resources is important to the safety of u . s . industry and economy . the company believes that such offering service and technology application in the oil & gas and petrochemical industry will further position vinoble in a rapidly expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the increasing capital and global spending that the company will require for growth . the company ' s goal is to also provide a much - needed service at a cost manageable to even the smallest of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of its personnel and assets in this current state of constant threat . this is outstanding news . the growth potential for this company is exceptional . in an already hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truly innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock . information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors include : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockholder , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materials : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fully spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is never indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they will sell at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are conflicted . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: freedom ? ? ? bammelyoungfamilies - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - listbot sponsor - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - start your own free email list at http : / / www . listbot . com / links / joinlb this is a statement that was read over the pa system at the football game at roane county high school , kingston , tennessee by school principal jody mcloud , on september 1 , 2000 . i thought it was worth sharing with the world , and hope you will forward it to all your friends . it clearly shows just how far this country has gone in the wrong direction . " it has always been the custom at roane county high school football games to say a prayer and play the national anthem to honor god and country . due to a recent ruling by the supreme court , i am told that saying a prayer is a violation of federal case law . as i understand the law at this time , i can use this public facility to approve of sexual perversion and call it an alternate lifestyle , and if someone is offended , that ' s ok . i can use it to condone sexual promiscuity by dispensing condoms and calling it safe sex . if someone is offended , that ' s ok . i can even use this public facility to present the merits of killing an unborn baby as a viable means of birth control . if someone is offended , no problem . i can designate a school day as earth day and involve students in activities to religiously worship and praise the goddess , mother earth , and call it ecology . i can use literature , videos and presentations in the classroom that depict people with strong , traditional christian convictions as simple minded and ignorant and call it enlightenment . however , if anyone uses this facility to honor god and ask him to bless this event with safety and good sportsmanship , federal case law is violated . this appears to be inconsistent at best , and at worst , diabolical . apparently , we are to be tolerant of everything and anyone except god and his commandments . nevertheless , as a school principal , i frequently ask staff and students to abide by rules which they do not necessarily agree . for me to do otherwise would be inconsistent at best , and at worst , hypocritical . i suffer from that affliction enough unintentionally . i certainly do not need to add an intentional transgression . for this reason , i shall , " render unto caesar that which is caesar ' s , " and refrain from praying at this time . however , if you feel inspired to honor , praise and thank god , and ask him in the name of jesus to bless this event , please feel free to do so . as far as i know , that ' s not against the law - yet . " and . . . one by one , the people in the stands bowed their heads , held hands with one another , and began to pray . they prayed in the stands . they prayed in the team huddles . they prayed at the concession stand . and they prayed in the announcer ' s box . the only place they didn ' t pray was in the supreme court of the united states of america - the seat of " justice " in the one nation under god . somehow , kingston , tennessee , remembered what so many have forgotten . . . we are given the freedom of religion , not the freedom from religion . praise god that his remnant remains ! let ' s celebrate jesus in 2001 jesus said , " if you are ashamed of me , i will be ashamed of you before my father . " - - - - - - - - - if you are not ashamed , pass this on . . . but only if you mean it . yes , i do love god . he is my source of existence and savior . he keeps me functioning each and every day . without him , i will be nothing . without him , i am nothing but with him , i can do all things through christ that strengthens me . phil 4 : 13 geoff gayle synergy oil & gas , inc . office : ( 713 ) 461 - 6626 x . 113 fax : ( 713 ) 461 - 4475 email : ggayle @ synergyog . com to unsubscribe , write to - unsubscribe @ listbot . com 
2	Subject: hello patrick ojo universal trust bank nigeria limited , victoria island branch , lagos , nigeria . attn : md / ceo i am patrick ojo , branch manager with universal trust bank nigeria limited , victoria island branch , lagos , nigeria . i have an urgent and very profitable business proposition for you that should be handled with extreme confidentiality . on january 6 , 1998 a foreign oil consultant and contractor in nigeria mr . james herbert by name made a numbered time fixed deposit for twelve calendar months valued at us $ 15 . 5 m ( fifteen million , five hundred united states dollars only ) in my branch . upon maturity i sent a routine notification in accordance with the bank policy to his forwarding address but got no reply . after a month we sent a reminder and finally we discovered from his contract employers in nigeria that mr . james herbert died from an automobile accident . on further investigation , we found out that ! he died without making a will and all attempts to trace his next of kin was fruitless . i therefore made further investigations and discovered that mr . james herbert did not declare any next of kin or relations in all his official documents including his bank deposit paperwork in my bank . this sum of us $ 15 . 5 m has been carefully moved out of my bank to a security company in europe for safekeeping . no one will ever come forward to claim it and according to nigerian law , at the expiration of 5 years the money will revert to the ownership of the nigerian government if nobody applies to claim the fund . this prompted us to contact you . we will like to front you as the next of kin of our late client thereby making you the legal beneficiary of the sum of $ 38 . 6 million u . s dollars that is presently in a security company in europe . i contacted you because it is against our code of ethics to own ! and operate foreign accounts and your assistance would be needed to claim the money in the security company in europe . we have unanimously agreed that 40 % of the entire sum would be for you if you agree to take part in this profitable transaction , 50 % for me and 2 of my colleagues while the remaining 10 % would be used to pay back the expenses that may be incurred during the course of the transaction by both parties after the fund has been claimed and lodged in your account . in the event that you are genuinely interested in the transaction , the following information would be needed from you to expedite action . 1 ) your full name and address that would be used to establish you as the next of kin of our late client thereby making you the legal beneficiary of the fund . this would ensure that the security company in europe releases the consignment / fund to you . 2 ) your private mobile , telp ! hone and fax numbers where you can be reached at all time because this transaction entails constant communication . 3 ) your full banking information . the transaction is 100 % risk free as all modalities has been perfected to ensure the hitch free success of the transaction . if you are interested , send the requested information via email i await your response urgently . regards , patrick ojo  
2	Subject: re : vmac transaction louise , the overall idea seems logical as a method to leverage collateral received on profitable deals . one additional benefit would be if this allowed us to use other securities as collateral that a counterparty would not accept ( i ' m not sure what kind of other securities we have ) . i also think that for enrononline to continue it ' s success that in the medium term it will need some form of margining / collateral as part of the system , but you will have a better sense for weither this would be an issue in the us given a healthy enron - it is an issue in europe and with banks regardless . issues : big systems issue for implementing a same day mark to market and liquidity calculation accross all products on enrononline . therefore , i assume this would be rolled out only on the highest volume products . this will increase the cost of each transaction . liquidity algorithm will be hard for counterparties to swallow as they will not want to post incremental capital . contract issue - do you make the collateral part of all enrononline deals as if you don ' t it will be difficult to differentiate between counterparties . existing exposures - how do we assign the collateral rights on existing net exposures to vmac . this will likely be a logistical issue as you must have many counterparties but if the high value ones are few it could be doable , but why would the counterparty agree as he should already have our collateral ( e . g . lc ) or this may require him posting more . timing - this might be implemented by end of ql , but is unlikely to give you immediate benefit . cost - am not sure what us brokerage is but this seems to be equivalent to 40 % of brokerage as it is being paid on both sides . does this destroy margins . threshold - would there be a credit threshold as if not this would be very onnerous on all parties . quick win : effectively you are using collateral received to post collateral through a sleave . would it not be possible to negotiate this directly with a counterparty given a select few who require high postings currently . in either case you would have to negotiate adjustment to collateral but if it can be done without a sleave but with a bigger haircut then you would avoid the delay in setting this up wholesale . i do not know if this is legally possible . i ' ll call to discuss and if you want me to do more detailed work let me know . m - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : 27 november 2001 16 : 04 to : romano , marcello subject : fw : vmac transaction i ' ll get you working - - - - - original message - - - - - from : eichmann , marc sent : wednesday , november 21 , 2001 2 : 51 pm to : kitchen , louise ; lavorato , john cc : richter , brad subject : vmac transaction louise and john : here is a general description of the transaction we are negotiating with vmac ( virtual markets assurance corporation ) - fsa ( financial securities assurance ) . fsa is an aaa rated insurance company large enough to provide us with a credible deal . here are the deal highlights : fsa would wrap enron ' s credit exposure as follows : 1 ) in case of default fsa would liquidate the contracts sleeved to them by enron and use the proceeds of in the money transactions to pay for out of the money transactions . 2 ) in case enron is out of the money in the portfolio of trades sleeved to vmac . fsa would pay the counterparties with the 100 % collateral previously posted by enron and managed on a day to day basis . fsa has mentioned the possibility of extending a line of credit to enron based on its net collateral position ( ~ $ 1 . 3 billion as of today ) and the net mark to market position ( ~ $ 1 . 4 billion to date ) . haircuts on the line of credit would have to be negotiated and might be significant . fsa - vmac would receive as compensation the fee structure described under terms and conditions . under the current structure the only risk fsa - vmac is exposed to is the risk of simultaneous default by enron and another counterparty and the operational risk of marking to market the positions and liquidating the contracts . please find enclosed the following : 1 ) transaction structure : describes the payment logic in case of default 2 ) terms and conditions : describes the terms and conditions under negotiation for the contract 3 ) collateral haircuts : describes the collateral haircuts on the securities posted to fsa to guarantee our net mark to market position ( if out of the money ) 4 ) fsa snapshot 5 ) fsa rating : aaa qualification of fsa by moody ' s please feel free to contact me or brad richter to clarify any doubts with respect to this , marc eichmann work 713 345 - 8422 , cell 713 870 - 2696 manager transaction development enrononline llc > > > > > 
2	Subject: logo , stationer , website design and so much more ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstanding website wiii make the task much easier . we do not promise that havinq ordered a ioqo your company wili automaticaiiy become a world ieader : it isguite clear that without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , samira  
2	Subject: fw : enron mentions i guess this means everyone knows ! you just can ' t hide . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schmidt , ann m . sent : tuesday , october 02 , 2001 8 : 13 am subject : enron mentions most powerful women in business : the power fifty - louise kitchen no . 17 fortune , 10 / 15 / 01 drop in natural - gas prices may be good for consumers but hinder new production the wall street journal , 10 / 02 / 01 enron leases part of mumbai estate to citibank business standard , 10 / 02 / 01 carly fiorina tops fortune ' s list of 50 most powerful women in business for fourth year business wire , 10 / 01 / 01 most powerful women in business : the power fifty - louise kitchen no . 17 fortune , 10 / 15 / 01 drop in natural - gas prices may be good for consumers but hinder new production by alexei barrionuevo staff reporter of the wall street journal 10 / 02 / 2001 the wall street journal c 7 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) in the wake of last month ' s terrorist attacks , natural - gas prices have slid below $ 2 per million british thermal units , frustrating any hopes that prices will rebound this year to levels that would encourage more investment in natural - gas projects . analysts predict that with prices at current levels , projects to bring more liquefied natural gas into the u . s . could be shelved or canceled . natural - gas prices , which reached highs of nearly $ 10 per million btus last december , had held to around $ 3 to $ 5 per million btus for much of the year . at $ 2 per million btus and below , producers have a hard time justifying exploration and new production . analysts blamed the drop on weak industrial demand , fueled by the struggling chemicals and metals industries and by weaker electric - utility demand . nearby november futures fell 36 cents yesterday to $ 2 . 208 on the new york mercantile exchange . in the boston area , however , different concerns could lead to higher prices for that region . last week , the u . s . coast guard , under pressure from local lawmakers , indefinitely banned lng tankers from entering boston harbor . lng makes up 15 % of new england ' s gas supply and nearly half of its supply on very cold days . the coast guard and department of transportation are studying concerns that a lng tanker could become a bomb for terrorists . already , relative to other areas , natural - gas prices have inched higher in new england , where natural - gas pipeline constraints have long hampered the market . the spread between prices in new england and the gulf coast widened last week by 30 cents to $ 1 . 30 per million btus , said a spokeswoman for distrigas , a unit of belgium ' s tractebel sa . but the lack of lng isn ' t likely to become a big issue until winter hits and natural - gas storage is used up . richard grant , ceo of distrigas , says lng has a 30 - year safety record at the company ' s everett , mass . , terminal . while lng is flammable , he says it is unlikely to explode . he adds that " there are a lot of things being said right now that are just not factual . but until we answer the concerns , we won ' t be able to bring a ship in here . " deutsche banc alex . brown was among several brokerage firms downgrading fourth - quarter projections for natural - gas prices last week . " prior to sept . 11 , we were seeing signs that a lot of industrial demand was coming back , " said jay saunders , a deutsche banc analyst . " but all that is out the window now . " deutsche banc is now estimating a 20 % drop in winter demand in the industrial sector , which accounts for more than a quarter of total u . s . natural - gas consumption . the slack demand has resulted in supplies that have practically overflowed storage , which is on pace to be full by the end of october . while prices that are close to historical levels are good for consumers , such low prices could scare many producers away from making investments to ensure future natural - gas demand is met . lower prices have already led energy companies to slow their drilling and some firms , such as eog resources inc . , plan to moderate production in the next two months . gas drilling - rig counts fell to 953 last week from 1 , 030 at the end of august . even with the increased natural - gas drilling of earlier this year , overall natural - gas supply is expected to increase just 1 % this year , as the country ' s mature wells continue to be depleted faster than companies can replace them . the tight supply picture has analysts optimistic that prices will rebound next year amid lower interest rates , increased defense and relief spending and returning consumer confidence . still , the downturn could cause some firms to rethink or postpone projects to import gas in a liquid form . with prices high last winter , el paso corp . and enron corp . , among others , said they would build a dozen or so receiving terminals for liquefied natural gas , which is gas compressed and frozen to minus - 260 degrees fahrenheit . " you will see some cancellations and some delays , " predicts marshall adkins , an analyst with raymond james & associates in houston . natural - gas prices need to average $ 3 per million btus on the east coast and $ 3 . 50 on the west coast to justify bringing in lng to those areas , said ronald barone , an analyst with ubs warburg . a spokeswoman for el paso , houston , says the company is moving forward with at least three terminals for the u . s . market . enron said it is also pushing ahead with a terminal in the bahamas that would pipe the gas to florida starting in 2004 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron leases part of mumbai estate to citibank freny patel mumbai 10 / 02 / 2001 business standard 5 copyright ( c ) business standard after months of scouting for a buyer for its one lakh square feet office space at wockhardt towers in bandra - kurla complex , enron has been able lease out 10 , 000 square feet of it to citibank na . against an expected realisation from rs 130 crore for the outright sale of its four floors , enron will get around rs 1 . 2 crore a year by leasing out one floor to citibank . the deal was struck recently by the global real estate consultant , cushman & wakefield , at a monthly rental of rs 100 per square foot . with property prices in mumbai having slumped and with no reprieve expected in the short run , companies are increasingly opting to lease space instead of blocking funds in illiquid assets . property consultants say that if enron manages to lease out the entire four floors , it will be easier for it to sell the property to a buyer , as the buyer would be assured of a fixed income . enron had eyed a deal of rs 130 crore when it mandated global real estate consultants to sell the premises at around rs 12 , 000 per square foot . this is despite the fact that real estate at bandra kurla currently fetches rs 8 , 000 to rs 9 , 000 per square feet . in june 2000 , the us energy giant had shelled out rs 125 . 75 crore when it acquired the four floors , plus car park space , from wockhardt , the pharmaceutical company . the deal was struck at rs 10 , 500 per sq ft , and included parking space for 101 cars . industry sources said that enron had spent a sum close to rs 150 crore to acquire the property , and pay for the interior furnishings of two of the four floors it had acquired . in order for it to break even , it would have had to sell its real estate at the rate of rs 13 , 000 per square foot . four to five global real estate consultants have been appointed by enron for the sale of its premises . a leading consultant said that it has been difficult to find any buyers for such a large property . " most international buyers prefer to take property on lease instead of an outright purchase , " he added . moreover , the inefficiency of the building in terms of the super built - up area is another reason why corporate entities are not too eager to acquire the premises , and enron ' s proposition continues to go abegging , said the consultant . copyright ? 2000 dow jones ranking includes 14 newcomers though hewlett - packard lost $ 65 billion in market value in a year , ceo carly fiorina hasn ' t lost her nerve , and for the fourth consecutive year holds the no . 1 position on fortune ' s ranking of the 50 most powerful women in business . the complete list and accompanying stories are in the october 15 issue of fortune , available on newsstands october 8 and at www . fortune . com at 12 : 00 p . m . on october 1 . in the no . 2 spot is ebay ceo meg whitman , who runs an internet company that actually makes money : $ 85 million in the last four quarters on $ 582 million in revenue . oprah winfrey , the queen of media , is mightier than ever , and holds the no . 3 spot , up from no . 15 last year . she produces movies , brings comfort and advice to millions of tv viewers , propels books to bestsellerdom , and , last year , teamed up with hearst magazines ' cathie black ( no . 28 on the list ) to publish o , the oprah magazine - by some measures the most successful magazine startup ever . at no . 4 is andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon , who has breathed life into ailing avon . mirant ceo marce fuller - the only newcomer in the top five - holds the no . 5 position . inside a stodgy utility , southern , fuller built a high - growth trading and marketing unit , which was spun off in april . in these new , more tempered times , patience may be about to reap its reward . in fortune ' s annual survey of the 50 most powerful women in business , there is a clear emergence of women who came to power slowly . says fortune senior writer pattie sellers in " patient but not passive , " the story that accompanies the list , " by patience , we mean staying with a company , steadily building influence there , and rising to power through determination and insider knowledge , not promises and self - promotion . " fiorina , who has claimed the top spot each year since fortune ' s inaugural list in 1998 , heads the biggest company ( $ 48 billion in revenues last year ) run by a woman . and she is still as audacious and impatient as ever . wall street practically heckled her latest move - a bold bet to buy compaq - but fiorina , 47 , remains defiant . in difficult times , " people who drive change are the subject of great scrutiny , " she says . as always , the list is a snapshot of power at a moment in time . last year , power resided in the technology and internet sectors , but that influence was fleeting . gone from the list this year : deborah " hurricane debby " hopkins , who pushed her agenda too ambitiously at lucent and lost her cfo job in may ; ellen hancock , who failed at the startup , exodus ; and morgan stanley ' s mary meeker , who influenced so many to buy into the internet fizz . but one web warrior looks better than ever : meg whitman , no . 2 on the list . she has never overpromised to investors ; instead she has diligently delivered above - target profits every single quarter . fourteen newcomers join the list this year : marce fuller , president louise kitchen , coo , enron americas ; colleen barrett , president betsy bernard , president & ceo , at anne stevens , vp , north america vehicle operations , ford motor ; maria elena lagomasino , chairman susan desmond - hellman , evp and chief medical officer , genentech ; janet robinson , svp , newspaper operations , new york times co . ; carol tomi , evp and cfo , home depot ; carrie cox , evp and president , global prescriptions , pharmacia ; carole black , president and ceo , lifetime television networks ; janet davidson , group president , integrated network solutions , lucent ; larree renda , evp , retail operations , safeway ; and louise francesconi , vp and gm , missile systems , raytheon . while the economy and its points of power change , the criteria we use to evaluate power remains the same . says sellers : " we consider the size and importance of a woman ' s business in the global economy , her clout inside her company , and the arc of her career - where she has been and where she is likely to go . when appropriate , we also weigh the woman ' s influence on mass culture and society . that factor lifts oprah winfrey to no . 3 on this year ' s list . " the shifts on our list this year are dramatic , with 14 newcomers . but one trend is especially intriguing : women are taking on bigger businesses than ever . a few years ago , responsibility for a $ 3 billion business almost automatically earned a woman a spot on this list . no more . this year ' s fortune 50 includes several women who lead businesses with annual revenues of $ 20 billion or more , which is a first . in a related story , " it took a lady to save avon , " katrina brooker looks at andrea jung , chairman and ceo of avon . says brooker , " jung knows what women want and how to sell it to them . and that ' s what has made her one of the most successful ceos - male or female - in recent years . " over the past 20 months she has overhauled nearly everything about the way avon does business : how it advertises , manufactures , packages , and even sells its products , and she has done it not by abandoning the seemingly outdated avon lady , but by reviving her . the result : growth in revenues , operating profits , and operating margins . in addition , fortune includes an international list of the 50 powerful women in business . the top ten , featured in the magazine , are marjorie scardino , ceo , pearson ( britain ) ; anne lauvergeon , chairman , areva ( france ) ; mary ma , senior vp marianne nivert , president lien siaou - sze , vice president , hewlett - packard ( hong kong ) ; patricia barbizet , ceo , artemis ( france ) ; eiko kono , president , recruit ( japan ) : belinda stronach , ceo , magna international ( canada ) ; marina berlusconi , vice chairman , fininvest ( italy ) ; christine tsung , president & ceo , china airlines ( taiwan ) . you can read about the other forty at www . fortune . com or in the international editions of fortune . 2001 fortune 50 most powerful women in american business 2001 2000 rank rank name title company 1 1 carly fiorina chairman and ceo hewlett - packard 2 3 meg whitman president and ceo ebay 3 15 oprah winfrey chairman harpo entertainment 4 10 andrea jung chairman and ceo avon 5 new marce fuller president and ceo mirant 6 18 anne mulcahy president and ceo xerox 7 14 karen katen evp and president pharmaceutical group pfizer 8 39 pat woertz president , chevron products chevron 9 23 betsy holden co - ceo kraft foods 10 43 indra nooyi president and cfo pepsico 11 7 shelly lazarus chairman and ceo ogilvy & mather worldwide 12 50 abigail johnson president fidelity management and research 13 9 martha stewart chairman and ceo martha stewart living omnimedia 14 12 patricia dunn global ceo barclays global investors 15 16 judy mcgrath chairman and ceo , mtv group viacom 16 17 sherry lansing chairman , motion picture group , paramont viacom 17 new louise kitchen coo enron americas 18 19 lois juliber coo colgate - palmolive 19 18 marilyn carlson nelson chairman and ceo carlson companies 20 new colleen barrett president and coo southwest airlines 21 21 ann moore evp , time inc . aol time warner 22 22 judy lewent evp and cfo merck 23 new betsy bernard president and cfo at & t consumer 24 31 stacey snider chairman , universal pictures vivendi universal 25 30 dina dublon evp and cfo j . p . morgan chase 26 10 pat russo president and coo eastman kodak 27 new anne stevens vp , north american vehicle operations ford motor 28 11 ann livermore president , hp services hewlett - packard 29 28 cathleen black president hearst magazines 30 24 linda sanford svp and group executive , storage systems ibm 31 33 amy brinkley chairman , credit policy bank of america 32 4 donna dubinsky ceo handspring 33 38 marjorie magner senior evp , consumer group citigroup 34 13 nancy peretsman evp and managing director allen & co . 35 25 dawn lepore vice - chair , evp , and cio charles schwab 36 27 gail mcgovern president , fidelity personal investments fidelity 37 new maria elena lagomasino chairman and ceo j . p morgan chase private bank 38 new susan desmond - hellman evp and chief medical officer genentech 39 new janet robinson svp , newspaper operations new york times co . 40 new carol tome evp and cfo home depot 41 46 jamie gorelick vice - chair fannie mae 42 45 vivian banta evp and ceo , u . s . consumer prudential 43 new carrie cox evp and president , global prescriptions pharmacia 44 47 anne sweeney president , abc cable networks group disney 45 new carole black president and ceo lifetime television networks 46 44 marion sandler co - chairman and co - ceo golden west financial 47 new janet davidson group president , integrated network lucent solutions 48 new larree renda evp , retail operations safeway 49 new louise francesconi vp and gm , missile systems raytheon 50 8 abby joseph cohen chief market strategist goldman sachs fortune ' s international 50 most powerful women rank women title company country 1 marjorie scardino ceo pearson britain 2 anne lauvergeon chairman areva france 3 mary ma senior vp and cfo legend hong kong 4 marianne nivert president and ceo telia sweden 5 lien siaou - sze vice president hewlett - packard hong kong 6 patricia barbizet ceo artimis france 7 eiko kono president recruit japan 8 belinda stronach ceo magna international canada 9 marina berlusconi vice chairman fininvest italy 10 christine tsung president and ceo china airlines taiwan 11 maureen kempston darkes president gm canada canada 12 mary minnick president and coo coca cola asia u . s . 13 nita ing chairman taiwan high - speed railway taiwan 14 barbara kux executive director ford europe germany 15 ho ching chairman singapore technologies singapore 16 sari baldauf president nokia networks finland 17 judy boynton cfo royal dutch / shell group britain 18 maria silvia marques bastos ceo companhia siderurgica nacional brazil 19 clara furse ceo london stock exchange britain 20 linda cook ceo shell gas & power britain 21 val gooding ceo bupa britain 22 agnes touraine vice chairman and ceo vivendi universal publishing france 23 margaret jackson chair qantas australia 24 kathleen bader president dow styrenics & engineered prod . switzerland 25 kathleen o ' donovan cfo invensys britain 26 wanda rapaczynksi president agora poland 27 juliet wu shihong executive director tcl holdings china 28 vivienne cox group vice president bp britain 29 marma asuncisn arambruzabala larregui vice chairman grupo modelo mexico 30 yoshiko shinohara president tempstaff japan 31 lalita gupte managing dir . and coo icici india 32 sawako noma president kodansha japan 33 imre barmanbek ceo dogan group turkey 34 nina wang chair chinachem hong kong 35 li yifei general manager mtv china china 36 gail cook - bennett chairperson canada pension plan inv . bd . canada 37 marluce dias da silva director general rede globo brazil 38 anna cheng catalano group vice president bp britain 39 rose marie bravo ceo burberry britain 40 britta steilmann ceo steilmann group germany 41 galia maor president and ceo bank leumi israel 42 magda salarich managing director citrokn spain spain 43 marjorie yang chairman esquel group hong kong 44 teresita sy president sm philippines 45 dominique heriard dubreuil chair and ceo remy cointreau france 46 gianna angelopoulos - daskalaki president athens olympic committee greece 47 naina lal kidwai vice chairman j . p . morgan stanley india 48 barbara cassani ceo go britain 49 irene charnley commercial director m - cell south africa 50 katijah ahmad chair and ceo kaf discounts malaysia contact : for fortune terry mcdevitt , 212 / 522 - 4788 terry _ mcdevitt @ timeinc . com carrie welch , 212 / 522 - 6724 carrie _ welch @ timeinc . com caroline plauche , 212 / 522 - 2134 caroline _ plauche @ timeinc . com 12 : 24 edt october 1 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: re : 61 % - off \ / iagra , cialis , ambien , soma and other drugs cabling re encroach lowest tasks pans messiest disperses disks retentive silverware cravat mall commitment discourages michelson banquetings lusaka cards gossips depression explorations 
2	Subject: invoice for ordered papers shirley , the invoice for papers i have ordered on - line . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 11 / 2000 01 : 22 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nber working paper catalog on 04 / 11 / 2000 10 : 09 : 59 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : invoice for ordered papers you have ordered the following papers : - wp w 7613 foundations of technical analysis : computational algorithms , statistical inference , and empirical implementation - wp w 6250 pricing and hedging derivative securities in incomplete markets : an e - aritrage model the total cost ( excluding shipping ) is : $ us 10 shipping address : if you ordered papers for electronic delivery and experienced problems downloading them , browse the following url ( s ) to download your paper orders . the url ( s ) are valid for 7 days . if you receive duplicate bills , please send a note to . 
2	Subject: london update vince , more fuel for our discussion with john sheriff today , mike - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 04 / 25 / 2001 05 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : stephen bennett @ enron 04 / 25 / 2001 04 : 05 am to : jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , mike a roberts / hou / ect cc : tony hamilton / eu / enron @ enron subject : softs ( ag ) support hi guys , i thought i would quickly update you on a few meetings we ' ve had with the ag folks here over the past 2 days . they are extremely interested in weather support and appear to be our most enthusiastic customer group to date . a summary : 1 ) they are interested in cocoa , coffee and sugar . specifically : brazil : londrina , bauru , lavras ( all wmos available in accuweather ) vietnam : kentum , dalat ( no data immediately evident ) ivory coast : man , gagnoa ( wmos in accuwx ) indonesia : sumatra - kotubumi , sulawesi - dolo ( no data immediately evident ) 2 ) they are specifically interested in event spikes - extreme temperature , precipitation or wind . they are also interested in any trend information we can devise . links between enso or other large scale oscillations that could have long range effects . tony has already given their group a 101 course on enso and its impacts on these areas . 3 ) they would eventually like daily am briefings - along with a daily product related to their market ( ie precip / temp graphs etc ) 4 ) they do not begin actually trading for another 6 to 8 weeks - so we have some time to experiment with the type of support that fits them best . tony and i agree that we would like to brainstorm this a bit with you guys to see what exactly can be produced daily - as efficiently as possible . we should be able to add any lat / long points we want to the list of international cities streaming through from the mrf / avn / ecmwf from earthsat . the problems here would be the models ' problems handling tropical weather along with specific local effects - especially in indonesia . let ' s talk about this at some point and get our thoughts together . steve 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simpiy must submit your website oniine otherwise it wiii be invisible virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , moshedelaney _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: dallas trip i have booked my flights for the dallas trip . as we discussed , i will be flying in on sunday evening . for tuesday , my flight departs at 7 : 22 pm so i should be able to attend the full day ' s session . laura scott will also be attending the meetings . we are departing at the same time on tuesday . let me know if you have any questions . peggy 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for january 5 - 7 , 2001 january 5 , 2001 teco tap 60 . 000 / enron january 6 , 2001 no flow january 7 , 2001 teco tap 60 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: funny may aplomb be angola may prize some workload on hop but pluto ! brandt on samson or syndic ! cursor it denigrate and damp in antoine see secrete not wilderness try expedient a schematic and vengeful , fullback . out , babe , go here  
2	Subject: get the best price on your next car ! exclusive offer from 24 x 7 emessaging search for a pre - owned vehicle buy a used car online you ' ve received this message because you have signed up to receive offers from one of our carefully selected marketing partners . 24 x 7 emessaging is the internet ' s best source of exciting new offers and discounts . if you no longer wish to receive these offers , please follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom . to unsubscribe from our mailing list , online unsubscribe click here or by email click here  
2	Subject: power pick on a torrid growth pace southwestern medical solutions , inc . ( swnm ) a development - stage company targeted at the multibiilion - do | | ar medica | devices business . current price : o . o 8 wi | | it continue higher ? watch this one monday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! high international markets interest in swms  s labguard  southwestern medical solutions , inc . ( swnm ) announced that continuing successfu | clinical triais of its proprietary labguard tm diagnostic systems and ongoing medica | device deveiopment has attracted significant interest from numerous worldwide medical distribution organizations . the worldwide distribution of swms products during the past severa | months , swms has receeived much interest from a wide array of governmenta | bodies from various countries as we | | as medica | device distributors for the international markets . vice president of new product development , mr . richard powell , noted ,  as announced previousiy , we are currently deveioping the labguard  product for oem license to major nationa | distributors . concurrentiy , we have been in discussions with world piayers on the international distribution scene . we beiieve we have found our business solutions partner for canada and will make an officia | announcement once this is finalized . other major markets are being pursued .  with a growing marketing capabiiity groomed for the company  s initial product launch of the labguard  diagnostic testing systems , swms management believes that the company represents strong potential as a volume manufacturing / saies company . the compiete product | ine , encompassing a wide array of medica | diagnostics tests , wiil begin its prototype testing once the initial labguard  product is officially launched . the company is focused on improvements in the disposable instruments / diagnostic and surgica | equipment fields and holds patents and patent pending rights to severa | medica | breakthrough products . poised for launch into worldwide healthcare markets currentiy invoived in clinica | investigative studies for its patent protected labguard  systems , southwestern medica | soiutions continues to deveiop exciting advancements in products for the healthcare community . with the exciusive rights to produce and distribute the patented protect - a - pal  safe syringe systems , and its potential entrance into the hydrotherapy market , as weil as disposable surgica | devices , swnm is poised to gain a strong market presence and buiid a heaithy portfolio of high demand products . conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is swnm poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go swnm . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitabie for ail but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , send a biank e mail with no thanks in the sub ject to daily _ 10 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 13 : 12 : 51 + 0200 ( cest ) from ns 2 . mclink . it [ 212 . 48 . 4 . 11 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - 550 5 . 1 . 1 . . . user unknown 
2	Subject: orig info sep ytd : orig 371 , 969 canada ppa 316 , 885 ( per kathy reeves in canada ) sold peakers 634 , 131 total 1 , 322 , 985 orig reconciliation : aug ytd $ 385 . 9 m less canada ppa in this # ( $ 25 m ) plus mid market orig sept $ 11 m total $ 372 m reconciliation from yesterday ' s discussion : $ 385 m ytd aug $ 10 m estimate $ 395 m we ball - parked to $ 405 m estimate $ 10 m  $ 3 . 5 m san antonio , mid - market estimate of $ 6 . 5 m . san antonio reversed ( $ 3 . 5 m ) , mid - market increased from $ 6 . 5 m to $ 10 . 9 m . 
2	Subject: re : 2001 fma european conference thanks vince . looking forward to dinner on sunday with you and stinson . john at 11 : 52 am 11 / 29 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote : > > john , > > the books have arrived and i shall fedex them tonight to your university > address ( shown at the bottom of your messages ) . > still fishing for the paper on network economy . > > vince > > p . s . shirley , the address is at the bottom . > > > > > > " john d . martin " on 11 / 28 / 2000 11 : 27 : 35 am > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > cc : > subject : re : 2001 fma european conference > > > that ' s fine . i didn ' t want to change anything until i heard from you guys . > > see ya ! > > john > > at 11 : 06 am 11 / 28 / 00 - 0600 , you wrote : > > > > john , > > > > thanks . stinson will be able to join us for dinner . he is opting out of > > the paper due to his big workload but we can get his perspective on > > the last 8 years he spent at enron . > > > > vince > > > > > > > > > > > > " john d . martin " on 11 / 28 / 2000 09 : 44 : 17 am > > > > to : vkamins @ enron . com > > cc : > > subject : 2001 fma european conference > > > > > > here ' s the info on the european conference . just for your files . > > > > john > > > > > date : tue , 28 nov 2000 08 : 40 : 39 - 0500 > > > from : karen wright > > > subject : 2001 fma european conference > > > to : kwright @ fma . org > > > x - mailer : mozilla 4 . 5 [ en ] ( win 98 ; i ) > > > x - accept - language : en , pdf > > > > > > 2001 fma european conference > > > > > > the fifth annual european meeting of the financial management > > > association international ( fma ) will be held may 31 and june 1 , 2001 at > > > the hotel sofitel ( rive gauche ) in paris , france . fma ' s european > > > meeting brings together academicians and practitioners with interests in > > > financial decision - making . the meeting provides a forum for presenting > > > new research and discussing current issues in financial management , > > > investments , financial markets and institutions , and related topics . > > > keynote addresses and other special presentations will be held in > > > addition to research paper presentations . > > > > > > paper submissions > > > research papers . the program includes traditional research paper > > > presentations . criteria used to determine the suitability of these > > > papers for the program include the nature of the research problem , > > > implications of the proposed research , the quality of the research > > > design , and the expected contribution of the research to the > > > literature . please note that the purpose of these sessions is to > > > present new and unpublished research . > > > > > > submission fee . there is no submission fee for the fma european > > > conference . > > > > > > submissions . please follow these steps : > > > complete the presentation form that can be downloaded at > > > www . fma . org / paris . htm . carefully select the subject code on the > > > presentation form that most closely describes your research . the code > > > number you select will be used to select reviewers for your proposal . > > > > > > send six ( 6 ) copies of your completed paper , along with the completed > > > presentation form , to the fma office ( financial management association , > > > university of south florida , college of business administration , tampa > > > fl 33620 - 5500 , usa ) . > > > please note that only completed papers will be accepted for the fma > > > european conference review process . > > > > > > the paper submission deadline is friday , december 1 , 2000 . > > > > > > you will receive an electronic confirmation of your submission within > > > six weeks of its receipt by the fma office , and you will be notified of > > > the results of the reviewing process by the middle of february , 2001 . > > > > > > competitive paper awards > > > the financial management association international is pleased to > > > announce that four ( 4 ) $ 1 , 500 awards will be presented in conjunction > > > with the 2001 fma european conference . the " young scholars " award will > > > be presented to the best paper authored by a ph . d . student ( or > > > equivalent ) or recent ph . d . ( or equivalent ) graduate . three additional > > > $ 1 , 500 awards will be presented to the papers deemed " best of the best " > > > by the members of the 2001 fma european conference competitive paper > > > awards committee . please note that these awards will be made only if , in > > > the opinion of the fma awards committee , a paper warrants such a > > > decision . the decisions of the fma awards committee are final . > > > > > > accepted papers . if your proposal is accepted , the version of the paper > > > you submit will be sent to its discussant as soon as he / she is > > > identified . you are obligated to send the final version of your paper to > > > the discussant and session chair by april 27 , 2001 . you also are > > > obligated to present your paper in a professional manner at the assigned > > > fma program session . > > > > > > the collegiality of the meeting provides a very special opportunity for > > > participants to share their work and to hear about the work others are > > > doing . thus , individuals whose papers are accepted for presentation at > > > the 2001 fma european conference will be expected to either chair a > > > session or discuss a paper . > > > > > > program co - chairs > > > > > > francois degeorge > > > hec paris > > > 1 rue de la lib , ration > > > 78351 jouy en josas cedex > > > france > > > 33 - 1 - 39 - 67 - 72 - 34 ( ph ) > > > 33 - 1 - 39 - 67 - 94 - 34 ( fax ) > > > degeorge @ hec . fr > > > > > > kent womack > > > dartmouth college > > > amos tuck school > > > hanover , nh 03755 > > > 1 603 646 2806 ( ph ) > > > 1 603 646 1308 ( fax ) > > > kent . womack @ dartmouth . edu > > > > > > additional opportunities for participation > > > > > > session chairperson or discussant . if you wish to serve as the > > > chairperson of a session or paper discussant , but are not submitting a > > > paper , please complete the participation form which can be downloaded > > > from www . fma . org / paris . htm . submit the completed form to the fma office > > > by december 1 , 2000 . session organization will take place in march , > > > 2001 . > > > > > > deadline summary > > > > > > completed papers : december 1 , 2000 > > > chairperson / discussant requests : december 1 , 2000 > > > > > > > > > > > john d . martin > > carr p . collins chair in finance > > finance department > > baylor university > > po box 98004 > > waco , tx 76798 > > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) > > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) > > j _ martin @ baylor . edu > > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html > > > > > > > > > john d . martin > carr p . collins chair in finance > finance department > baylor university > po box 98004 > waco , tx 76798 > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) > j _ martin @ baylor . edu > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html > > > > john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: gathering meters adjustments please refer to the attached spreadsheet . the gathering meters nominations have been adjusted to the volumes in the avg column effective 4 / 9 / 01 . bob 
2	Subject: seeking the man or woman of your dreams ?  
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost amonq competitors . get your iogo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you wiii see several iogo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needsand fit your business . flexibie discounts : loqo improvement , additionai formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : southern union - 03 / 01 prod - austin spot deal # 690249 ( sale ) i was not aware that julie was out yesterday . i left early yesterday and this did not get done till this morning . katherine herrera @ enron 04 / 16 / 2001 03 : 56 pm to : elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect cc : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect subject : southern union - 03 / 01 prod - austin spot deal # 690249 ( sale ) elizabeth - deal # 690249 - sale could you pls the pricing on this deal for march 2001 production for days 25 & 26 to $ 5 . 285 ? i think daren is out for the remainder of the day and i need to send out my invoice this afternoon . thanks - katherine 5 - 8643 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by katherine herrera / corp / enron on 04 / 16 / 2001 03 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - katherine herrera 04 / 16 / 2001 03 : 24 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect cc : janet h wallis / hou / ect subject : southern union - 03 / 01 prod - austin spot deal # 690249 ( sale ) daren - per janet , the price of $ 5 . 235 + . 05 for deal # 690249 is correct . could you pls change the price in the system to $ 5 . 285 for days 25 & 26 ? thanks - katherine 5 - 8643 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by katherine herrera / corp / enron on 04 / 16 / 2001 03 : 06 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - katherine herrera 04 / 16 / 2001 12 : 43 pm to : janet h wallis / hou / ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect subject : southern union - 03 / 01 prod - austin spot deal # 690249 ( sale ) janet - per southern union ' s confirmation sheet , the 15 , 000 mmbtus spot deal on days 03 / 25 & 3 / 26 should be priced at hsc gdp da + . 05 ( at tuesday , 3 / 27 / 01 pricing - which was $ 5 . 235 ) . currently , sitara is showing a price of hsc gdp + . 05 . is this tuesday pricing correct ? if so , pls forward this to daren so that he can change the price in sitara to $ 5 . 235 + . 05 ( totaling $ 5 . 285 ) . thanks - katherine 5 - 8643 
2	Subject: eog pronghorn location michelle , i thought i would pass this along to make you aware that now eog isn ' t going to supply the efm at their new location . given that they have yet to contribute the funds requested for our efforts , i don ' t think we should spend the money to put measurement out there until they send us the $ 10 , 000 . maybe we should ammend the interconnect agreement to change the estimate back to the $ 30 , 000 we originally requested . thanks , bob - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bob burleson / et & s / enron on 11 / 08 / 2000 07 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mike mccracken 11 / 07 / 2000 05 : 17 pm to : darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron cc : bob burleson / et & s / enron @ enron , laura kunkel , earl chanley / et & s / enron @ enron subject : eog pronghorn location darrell here is some info on the mileposts on the connects to the west texas lateral and loop wt survey wt milepost wt loop surv . wt loop milepost wt - 1 0 + 00 0 10 " monument & start of 30 " 554 + 14 10 . 5 0 + 00 0 4 " getty " 24 " ( highlands ) 612 + 14 11 . 6 disconnected 8 " santa fe p . g . ( highlands ) 694 + 09 13 . 1 139 + 43 2 . 6 6 " yates pronghorn ( highlands ) 929 + 97 17 . 6 disconnected , point that eog pronghorn is connecting to valve 211 1019 + 54 19 . 3 463 + 96 8 . 8 10 " bell lake ( highlands ) 1346 + 17 25 . 5 eog triste draw 1544 + 77 29 . 3 4 " hng bell lake 2 ( eog ) 1623 + 93 30 . 8 8 " bell lake loop ( eog ) 1624 + 24 30 . 8 on the efm / scada , i talked to dirk ellison with eog . he contacted jerry ball and their reply was for us to go ahead and get our own equipment . laura ' s work order doesn ' t have anything about efm , only the costs to inspect the construction and their connection to our tap valve . laura will check on the responsibility of the efm equipment tomorrow . thanks mike 
2	Subject: re : book order thanks vince ! ? will champagne do ? ? if not , name your price . ? do you have an email address for steve leppard ? ? i tried : steve . leppard @ enron . com ? which bounced back . ? thanks , julie ? ps - guess i ' ll finally meet you at the end of the month ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : julie cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com sent : wednesday , january 31 , 2001 1 : 36 pm subject : re : book order julie , there are many employees in london ? who would be interested . you can send ? an inquiry to steve leppard . i had a presentation last night to garp in houston and did a commercial for the book . you should put me on commission . vince " julie " on 01 / 31 / 2001 06 : 31 : 39 am please respond to " julie " to : ? ? cc : subject : ? re : book order vince , i wasn ' t sure if i responded to your email , so apologise either for my delayed response or repeating myself . thanks for the 2 nd order ! i believe they have already been ? dispatched . yes , i believe we received payment ; thank you very much for ? following up with paul . glad the book was a hit ! on another subject , are there any enron employees in europe who may be interested in attending either the energy or the weather course ? or , are the quants and risk management mostly handled out of houston ? thanks again , and i ' ll forward an invoice on to shirley . julie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : ? vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com to : julie @ lacima . co . uk cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com sent : friday , january 26 , 2001 11 : 29 ? pm subject : book order julie , we received the shipment of 50 books . ? thanks . the book was an instant hit . we need 50 more ? books . vince p . s . i understand paul sent you the check for the ? remaining 50 % 
2	Subject: wellhead nominations wellhead volumes have been adjusted to the avg column on the attached spreadsheet as of 3 / 8 / 01 forward . bob 
2	Subject: with a wide selection of tablets on promo , the chemist represents super value . taxi deal time for meds priced to basic i ll  rememb erm eim iss youihop eyouar edoingw ell hav ea ni c eda yhe llo doy ou st ill  r emembe rm ei miss yo u ih op ey oua re do ing we ll ha vea nic eday hel lod oyo us ti ll  re me mb ermei missy ouihopeyo ua re doingwell ha ve aniceda y he llo doy ous til l  r em emb er me im iss you i hop ey ou are doin gwel lh av eani ce da yhe ll od o yo us t i l l  r emem bermeim is syouih ope you ar edoingw ellhave anicedayhel lod oyous ti ll  r eme mb erm eimissy oui hop eyo uaredoin gwellha veaniceda yh ell odo yo ust ill  re me mbe rm eim issyo uiho pe yo uar edoin gw el l ha veanice day hel lod oyo ust ill  reme mbe rme imi ssyo ui hopeyouar edo ing wel lha ve an ic eda yhell odoy ou sti ll  rem embermeim is sy ou ihopeyoua re doi ngw el lh av ean ice da yh el lo doy ou st il l  rem emb er meimi ssy ou iho peyo uar ed oi ngw ell ha vea nic edayhe ll odoyousti ll  rem emberm ei miss yo ui hopeyo uar edoingw ellhaveanic eda yhell od oy oust ill  rem em ber me imi ssyo u iho pey oua re doi ngwellha ve aniceday hel lod oy ous ti ll  reme mb erm ei mi ssyouih op eyo uar ed oingwell havea ni ce da yhe ll odo you sti ll  r eme mbe rm eim issy oui hope yo ua red oin gw ellha ve ani ced ay he ll od oyous ti ll  remem ber mei missyo ui ho pey oua re do in gw el lh av e an ic ed ay he ll odo yo us ti ll  r em em be rm ei mis syoui ho peyo ua red oing wel lh av ea nic ed ayh el lo doyoust ill  reme mbe rm eim issy ou ih op ey ouared oi ng well ha ve ani ced ayhe l lodoyoustil l  r eme mb er me im issyou iho pey oua red oi ngw ellh av eanice dayhello doyousti ll  remem ber mei mi ss yo uih ope you are doi ngw ell ha vea nic edayh el lod oyou still  r em em bermei missy ouiho pe yo ua re doing wel lh av eanice da yhe ll od oy ous ti ll  re mem be rm ei mi ssy ou ih op ey ou are doin gwe llh i avea ni ce day hello doy oust il l  re me mb erm ei mi ssyou ih op ey ouar edoi ng w el l ha ve ani ce da yh el lodoyous till  rem embermei missyoui hopey ouaredoi ngwellha vea nic edayhel lodoyo ustill  r emembe rmeimis s yo ui hop eyo uar ed oin gwe lla hav ean ice day he llo doy ou sti ll  rem emb er meimiss yo uih op ey ou ar ed oingwel lh av ean ic ed ay he ll od oy oustill  r em em be rme im is sy ou ih ope yo ua re do ing we ll ha ve an ic ed ay he ll odo yo us ti ll  r em em be rm eimi ss yo ui hop ey ou ar ed oingwellha ve ani cedayhell odo you sti ll  remembe rm eim is sy ou iho peyouared oin gwellhav eani ce da yh ello d oy ou st ill  re me mb er me im is syou ih opey oua red  
2	Subject: re : prime operating company , uribe # 1 , jennings ranch field , zapata county , tx melissa , deal # 361155 has been created and entered in sitara . bob enron north america corp . from : melissa graves 08 / 09 / 2000 02 : 19 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , vance l taylor / hou / ect @ ect , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , mary jo johnson / hou / ect @ ect , jennifer blay / hou / ect @ ect , christy sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , hillary mack / corp / enron @ enron , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , trisha hughes / hou / ect @ ect subject : prime operating company , uribe # 1 , jennings ranch field , zapata county , tx bob , the following production is now on - line ( behind an existing meter ) . please create and enter a ticket into sitara based on the following : counterparty meter period - volumes price prime operating company 6388 7 / 28 - 167 mmbtu / d 85 % gas daily 7 / 29 - 382 mmbtu / d 7 / 30 - 370 mmbtu / d 7 / 31 - 415 mmbtu / d this is a producer svcs . deal and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio , attached to the gathering contract . thank you , melissa x 39173 
2	Subject: hi tie somewhere , act places dropped bottom most companion worthy super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce - -   - - ciick here to check out - -   - - knew quarter greatest keeping knowledge within island this copy  
2	Subject: re : enl - dailyupdate - txt you have been subscribed to enl - dailyupdate - txt with the email address " vkamins @ enron . com " to unsubscribe , send a blank email to  
2	Subject: hr ' s list louise : who in hr is providing you with a list and what is the purpose of the list ? we can verify that they are still with the company and that they are still getting paid , but knowing the source of the list you refer to from hr and the purpose of the list will allow us to get to the heart of the communication problem . - - sally - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 2 : 15 pm to : hall , bob m ; mcloughlin , hector ; reeves , leslie cc : beck , sally subject : re : hr gave the list to me - i hope they are still getting paid - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hall , bob m sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 2 : 03 pm to : mcloughlin , hector ; reeves , leslie cc : kitchen , louise ; beck , sally subject : fw : hector and leslie larry joe hunter , larry cash , and jon lewis are all still with enron . will you please find out why louise thinks they are gone . thanks bob - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wed 1 / 2 / 2002 1 : 26 pm to : oquinn , kari ; hall , bob m ; beck , sally ; luce , laura cc : subject : the following people have been identified as no longer with the company although they are on the netco list . please let kari know on any changes ( jeanie is out ) . i assume there are no problems but if so let me know . larry hunter - documentation deidre mccaffrey - gas origination larry cash - gas settlements jon lewis - risk 
2	Subject:  the only solution to penis enlargement limited offer : add at least 3 inches or get your money back ! - - - > click here to learn more - - - also check out our * brand new * product : penile growth patches comes with the 100 % money back warranty as well ! no more offers 
2	Subject: ? ? ? ? ? ? 1000 ? ? ?  q?  r  q?  r  u    ?  ?    q  q ?  r www . 51097757 . com  ???  ????? |  t - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ?   ????  ?  ? ? 1000 ? ? ?? ?? ? ? ? ?  ???? ? ?? ? ?  ? ??  ??? ? ??? 3 ? ???  ????? ? ? ??? ?  ? ????l 500 ? ???? ?    ?  ??  ?   ??????  ? ? ? ??? ? ? ? ? ? ?? ?  ? - - - ? ? ? ? ? ???  ? ???   ?www . 51097757 . com ? ?    ?o 21 - 51097757 ????? ? ??  ? ?   ????  ?  ? ? ???? ? ??? ? ???  ??? ? ??? ? ???   ?  ?  ? ? 150 ? ? / ?? ?? ???   ?www . 51097757 . com ? ?    ?o 21 - 51097757 13391355761 ?? ? ? ? ?   ? ? ? ????????  ? ??? ? ? ?  ? ?   ???? 500 ? ? /  ??? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?  ???? 3 ?? ? ?     ??  ??? ? ? ?? ? ? ? ?   0 . 3 ? ? /  ??? ? ? ???   ? ? ? ? ?   ??  ? ?? ? ? ? ?   ?? ? ? ?  ? ???? $ ? ? 200 ? ?    ? ? ? ?  ? ? ? ?   ????? ?  ?   200 m? ? ?  ? ? ? ?   ?? 20 m????   ??   ? ? ? ?  ? ? ???   ???? 230 ? ? / ?? 200 m? ? ?  ? ? ? ?   asp + access   ??   ? ? ? ?  ? ? ???   ???? 330 ? ? / ??  ? ? ? ? ????? 9 ?? ? ??? ? ? ????? ? ? ??? ? ???  ? ?? ? ?  ? ???  ? ???????   ? ? ??????  ?? ? ? ? ? ?   
2	Subject: re : my son kristin , i think that we have done enough for this guy . all we can do is to give somebody a chance . the god helps those who help themselves . thanks for all your help and your efforts . vince kristin gandy @ enron 11 / 01 / 2000 03 : 19 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : my son vince , i left a message with one of yaron ' s roommates on thursday afternoon for him to call asap for an interview on sunday . i guess he took the wrong number down but i do not understand this because the roommate read the number back to me and it was correct . when i did not hear from yaron i called on friday and left a voice mail with my cell and office numbers . i still did not hear from him and called again yesterday morning . i finally received a call at 4 pm yesterday but by that time my team and myself were half way back to houston . sorry it did not work out . i have a call into charlene jackson as to how she wants me to proceed and i will get back with you . kristin vince j kaminski @ ect 11 / 01 / 2000 08 : 40 am to : john goodpasture / ots / enron @ enron , kristin gandy / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : my son fyi vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 01 / 2000 08 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " shmuel oren " on 10 / 31 / 2000 02 : 27 : 18 pm to : cc : subject : my son vince apparently the recruiter spoke to one of my son ' s roommates and left a phone number ( 713 ) 343 - 3214 which he tried several times and got busy signals . today she called just before you called me and left her cellphone number but he was in classes all morning and got the message in the afternoon . i really appreciate your going out of your ? way to help . perhaps there will be another opportunity . ? shmuel ? 
2	Subject: february and march 2000 meter 5688 daren , is fred ' s below concern something that you might be able to help us with ? i was thinking that ( maybe ) the volumes from this meter might belong to hpl . this is one of the meters that no longer go thru king ranch . thanks - jackie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by jackie young / hou / ect on 04 / 12 / 2000 02 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fred boas 04 / 11 / 2000 10 : 29 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect subject : february and march 2000 meter 5688 jackie : meter 5688 is incorrectly scheduled to the hpl liquids contract 012 - 41970 - 02 - 002 in march 2000 . also last month when you were out , robert removed the volume from the liquids contract at this meter and temporarily put it on a strangers gas contract . if you could fix both months today and let me know when it is corrected i would appreciate it . thanks , fred fred boas 02 / 16 / 2000 04 : 35 pm to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , anita luong / hou / ect @ ect subject : 1 / 2000 meters 5688 & 5801 jackie : i am new at the 3 rivers allocation so bear with me , i took this over from anita luong . in january 2000 , and going forward , please make sure that meters 5688 and 5801 are not scheduled on the hpl liquids contract 012 - 41970 - 02 - 002 . the contract is currently out of balance by the total volume at these two meters so if you could fix this by early tomorrow morning i would appreciate it . thanks , fred 
2	Subject: juust medz hello , welcome to otherwhence pharmonline sh dietetics op - one of the leading oniine p panorama harmaceutical shops reminisce v powderpuff g advantageous al parable ll l corrosive a r misleading a caress cl i actinic s dewberry va u interlocutor m andmanyother . - save over decode 50 % - worldwide shlp tammany plng - total confi slatternly dentiaiity - over 5 miiiion customers bloody in 130 countries inoculate have a nice day ! 
2	Subject: mobil february , 2000 activity do i detect a shot here ? ? ? ? ? ? ( chuckle ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kenneth seaman / hou / ect on 01 / 31 / 2000 10 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 01 / 31 / 2000 10 : 46 am to : kenneth seaman / hou / ect @ ect cc : george grant / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : mobil february , 2000 activity fyi . . . . only ! i changed a path you created for meter # : 1040 for 90 , 000 / d to an incorrect contract { k # : 218 } . 
2	Subject: re : enron / hpl actuals for august 29 , 2000 hey charlie , for day 29 , i show a total volume of 102 . 083 140 . 0 from 9 a through la 70 . 0 for 2 a ( 1 hour only ) 0 . 0 from 3 a through 8 a also , for the total volume through day 28 , i show : hplr 2015 . 0 enron 1 . 152 . 0 gd 666 . 877 please advise . ami " melissa jones " on 08 / 30 / 2000 10 : 10 : 27 am to : " charlie stone " , " gary green " , timpowell @ txu . com , daren . j . farmer @ enron . com , gary . a . hanks @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , earl . tisdale @ enron . com , ami . chokshi @ enron . com cc : subject : enron / hpl actuals for august 29 , 2000 teco tap 20 . 000 / enron ; 79 . 167 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 20 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: logitech 3 - in - 1 bundle offer visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 8 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: re : gtv weekly status update louise , i have just sent you the revised inception document including three additional items : single deal entry revisions , options reports , and transport valuation in erms . after discussing with geof , we decided not to include the eol reporting tools this time . hopefully , you are ok with that . please let us know if the eol reporting tools have to be discussed in the document . regards . zhiyong - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , april 17 , 2001 1 : 50 pm to : wei , zhiyong ; storey , geoff cc : bibi , philippe a . ; perlman , beth ; stock , stephen subject : re : gtv weekly status update i ' m a bit confused - i think that the current document distributed for circulation is too small . i would suggest this be abandonned and a next draft produced which includes the following . single deal entry revisions options reports transport valuation in erms eol reporting tools ( possible ) i would like to see phase ii include the items above and an inception document re - issued this week . thanks louise from : zhiyong wei / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 16 / 2001 06 : 30 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , geoff storey / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate , beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate , stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate , colleen sullivan / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : gtv weekly status update please find below the gtv project status update for this week . please see the attached file for the project timeline update in microsoft project . gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , karima husain , francis lim , jeremy wong , bill fortney , nayan dattani , dave nommensen , russ severson , narasim kasaru , mike swaim , george grant , chuck ames , geof storey . accomplishments : ? incorporating physical deal positions in tds : o changes to cpr reader process and its unit testing have been completed . o changes for the view aggregation and its unit testing have been completed . o a new task has been added due to the requirement of loading prior - day curves into position manager ( please see the attached project timeline . ) o changes for position manager are in progress ( please see the attached project timeline . ) ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o single point of deal entry is now ready for user acceptance testing . ? gas daily deals : o changes to erms portcalc application for the gas daily deals are complete and ready for testing . o changes to tds deal valuation are in progress and on schedule ( please see the attached project timeline . ) o a new task has been added to flag fixed - price positions ( please see the attached project timeline . ) ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o released to production plans for the week ending 4 / 20 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase i items . ? obtain sign - off for gtv - ii , phase 2 issues and timeline . ? commence it development of phase 2 issues . issues : incompatibility of tibco version 5 . x and 6 . x . the single point of deal entry is done using tibco 6 . x . some users are still using tibco 5 . x . upgrading to either tibco 6 . x or windows 2000 is needed . > thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: re : pre - meeting weathereffects site cruise vince , you ' re right . it is wednesday ! see you then . ed - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , july 06 , 2000 12 : 14 pm to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com cc : vince j kaminski ; mike a roberts subject : re : pre - meeting weathereffects site cruise ed , this is a terrific site . i look forward to another presentation . one question . you mentioned tuesday in our phone conversation . i have the presentation scheduled for wednesday next week . please , double check the time and date . vince " edward krapels " on 06 / 30 / 2000 03 : 15 : 43 pm please respond to to : " ' vince j kaminski ' " cc : " jeffrey shorter \ ( e - mail \ ) " subject : re : pre - meeting weathereffects site cruise sold ! i ' ll initiate the call . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : friday , june 30 , 2000 3 : 44 pm to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com cc : vince j kaminski subject : re : pre - meeting weathereffects site cruise ed , thursday works for me . what about 10 : 30 my time ? vince " edward krapels " on 06 / 30 / 2000 02 : 43 : 00 pm please respond to to : " ' vince j kaminski ' " cc : subject : re : pre - meeting weathereffects site cruise how about thursday , july 6 ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : friday , june 30 , 2000 3 : 29 pm to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com cc : vince j kaminski subject : re : pre - meeting weathereffects site cruise ed , a correction . i shall spend an entire day at prc ( performance review ) on friday , july 7 . can we do on another day vince " edward krapels " on 06 / 30 / 2000 12 : 40 : 59 pm please respond to to : " ' vince j kaminski ' " cc : subject : re : pre - meeting weathereffects site cruise i ' ll still be here in boston so we ' d do it over the phone . ok ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : friday , june 30 , 2000 12 : 11 pm to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com cc : vince j kaminski subject : re : pre - meeting weathereffects site cruise ed , will you be in houston on that day or we shall do it over the phone ? vince " edward krapels " on 06 / 30 / 2000 09 : 13 : 04 am please respond to to : " ' vince j kaminski ' " cc : " jeffrey shorter \ ( e - mail \ ) " subject : pre - meeting weathereffects site cruise vince , how about a pre - meeting web site cruise on friday , july 7 at 11 am edt ? ed - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : friday , june 30 , 2000 9 : 52 am to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com cc : vince j kaminski subject : re : next visit to houston ed , july 12 , 2 : 30 it is . i would like the pre - meeting site cruise . how can we arrange it ? vince " edward krapels " on 06 / 30 / 2000 04 : 00 : 53 am please respond to to : " ' vince j kaminski ' " cc : " jeffrey shorter \ ( e - mail \ ) " subject : re : next visit to houston vince , we ' re all set for 2 : 30 on july 12 . how about a pre - meeting web site cruise on friday , july 7 at 11 am edt ? ed - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , june 29 , 2000 5 : 04 pm to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com cc : vince j kaminski ; shirley crenshaw subject : re : next visit to houston ed , wednesday , july 12 , 2 : 300 will work for me . i shall be glad to review your website - - www . weathereffects . com . i shall invite some people who work on electricity in my group to join me . vince " edward krapels " on 06 / 29 / 2000 03 : 53 : 40 pm please respond to to : " ' vince j kaminski ' " cc : " jeffrey shorter \ ( e - mail \ ) " subject : re : next visit to houston vince , good to hear from you and i ' m glad you ' re available . how is wednesday at 2 : 30 ? i did look at eol and am not surprised to see its quality . i was unable to say much about it in my risk electricity hedging and trading report because of deadline pressures . how is the site doing ? i am intrigued by the competition for trading platforms and was astonished to hear that goldman , morgan , bp and shell were going to launch a site to compete with yours . talk about a shotgun marriage ! if we have time next week , i could step you through our website - - www . weathereffects . com . i ' m very proud of what we ' ve done . i can ' t give out a password yet but would be happy to walk through the site with you over the phone using my password . it ' s a very ambitious site - - with state - of - the - art wsi weather ( seasonal , 6 - 10 , and day to day ) driving a good load model for pjm and nepool . esai contributes oil and gas input price forecasts , capacity judgments , and " herding " ideas to develop power price forecasts for same time periods . after one month ' s full - bore effort , i ' m pleased with the results ( e . g . , we forecast nepool onpeak to be $ 43 and it turned out $ 46 ) . have a great weekend . ed - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince j kaminski [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , june 28 , 2000 5 : 29 pm to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com cc : vince j kaminski ; shirley crenshaw subject : re : next visit to houston ed , i shall be available on both days . what about wednesday , july 12 , between 1 : 30 and 4 : 00 . please , let me know what time would work for you . it will be nice to see you again . vince p . s . by the way , did you have a chance to take a look at the eol ? " edward krapels " on 06 / 28 / 2000 02 : 49 : 41 pm please respond to ekrapels @ esaibos . com to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : next visit to houston dear vince , i will be returning to houston during the week of july 10 . esai and weather services international have launched - - after more than 18 months of r & d - - our service , called energycast power trader and energycast gas trader , for power traders in nepool and pjm . i would be happy to review the service with you as well as take you on a tour of our web site . are you available on july 12 - 13 ? sincerely , ed krapels 
2	Subject: looking for cheap high - quality software ? kathy clara dark hour believe , spread help . down a six . is young many , fraction . person both work . their body boy language rule turn . light table voice change , flat off . morning book , next atom usual . show summer as dollar . think area give , until . animal quick , less class all . center shape young .  
2	Subject: fw : the gold buddha in 1957 , a monastery in thailand was being relocated and a group of monks was put in charge of moving a giant clay buddha . in the midst of the move one of the monks noticed a crack in the buddha . concerned about damaging the idol , the monks decided to wait for a day before continuing with their task . when night came , one of the monks came to check on the giant statue . he shined his flashlight over the entire buddha . when he reached the crack he saw something reflected back at him . the monk , his curiosity aroused , got a hammer and a chisel and began chipping away at the clay buddha . as he knocked off piece after piece of clay , the buddha got brighter and brighter . after hours of work , the monk looked up in amazement to see standing before him a huge solid - gold buddha . many historians believe the buddha had been covered with clay by thai monks several hundred years earlier before an attack by the burmese army . they covered the buddha to keep it from being stolen . in the attack all the monks were killed , so it wasn ' t until 1957 , when the monks were moving the giant statue , that the great treasure was discovered . like the buddha , our outer shell protects us from the word : our real treasure is hidden within . we human beings unconsciously hide our inner gold under a layer of clay . all we need to do to uncover our gold is to have the courage to chip away at our outer shell , piece by piece . could you be sitting on your own gold mine ? did you know the average american can retire a millionaire on his or her current income ? then , why don ' t they ? it ' s simple . they haven ' t been taught that they could . they are taught to use debt to get what they want now instead of having their money work for them . they pay too much in taxes . they are wasting money every month and don ' t even realize it . in short , they are financially unhealthy . get a financial checkup and a free video on how to become " financially fit for life " and discover the gold within your current income . get your free 3 - point checkup and video now ! to unsubscribe , email removeme @ speededelivery . com with the subject " remove " . speededelivery . jordan commons tower 9350 south 150 east sandy , ut 84070  
2	Subject: competitive analysis update # 10 - us terrorism attacks a . market updates u . s . markets ? us equity markets are closed today but may open friday . nyse / nasdaq / amex officials will reconvene later today to decide on restart . ? chicago markets ( cbot / cme ) closed early at 1 : 00 pm cdt , cbot electronic a / c / e trading expected to resume tonight for grains , and resumption of all commodities under consideration . ? nymex : still closed , electronic access trading planned to open later tonight ( start time still under consideration ) ? in equity news , frightened travelers are expected to avoid planes once carriers resume flying , prompting standard & poor ' s to consider cutting the long - term credit ratings of all u . s . airlines , british airways and air canada . that would raise borrowing costs and worsen the industry ' s least profitable year in a decade . the losses at u . s . airlines , until this week predicted to reach $ 2 . 6 billion , may now rival the $ 4 . 8 billion loss of 1992 . ? in europe , the four biggest airlines - - british airways , deutsche lufthansa ag , air france sa and klm royal dutch airlines nv - - will all now post a full - year loss due to their reliance on profits from the trans - atlantic market . ? in asia , services to and from the u . s . contribute 10 percent to 20 percent of revenue at cathay pacific airways and singapore airlines ltd . some $ 3 . 8 billion was wiped off the market value of airlines based in hong kong , singapore , tokyo and other asian capitals in two days . the plunge in stocks reduced the value of asia ' s eight biggest carriers by about 14 percent . b . transportation / infrastructure updates air travel ? 145 domestic airports have now been cleared to reopen , though logan international airport will remain closed indefinitely , despite the federal aviation authority ' s decision to open u . s . airspace for commercial airplanes . ? at least some regularly scheduled united airlines flights are expected to begin at 7 p . m . edt thursday , and some scheduled flights on american airlines and twa after 4 p . m . edt . delta air lines said " very limited operations " would start sometime after noon edt thursday . continental has canceled all regularly scheduled flights for the day , but planned to offer special service in cities such as san francisco and cleveland . maritime transportation ? open , including ny harbor , which is doing individual vessels inspections and escorts into the harbor c . political updates ? indications are beginning to point to a substantial military strike against bin laden assets in afghanistan as well as the taleban government . lawrence b . lindsey , the president ' s chief economic adviser : " we ' ve been working on getting the basic infrastructure of america up and running again , that ' s the main thing we ' ve been doing . " world bank officials want to cancel their annual meeting in conjunction with the international monetary fund , now slated for sept . 28 - 29 in washington , according to media reports . the dc police have also asked that the meetings be cancelled , but world bank officials must wait for treasury secretary o ' neill to make the decision . bank officials fear the bush administration will want the meeting to take place to underscore that washington is back to business as usual . 
2	Subject: are you a microcap piayer ? thornton , vcsc - brand new stock for your attention vocaiscape inc - the stock symbo | is : vcsc breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the close - watch out the stock go crazy next week . current price : $ 0 . 175 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42 projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 55 vocalscape networks inc . is buiiding a company that ' s revolutionizing the teiecommunications industry with the most affordable phone systems , hardware , online software , and rates in canada and the us . vocaiscape , a company with global reach , is receiving international attention for the deveiopment of voice over ip ( voip ) appiication solutions , including the award - w i n ning eyefontm , a softphone for real - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced implementer of pbx systems for companies , cal | centers , itsps and service providers . vocaiscape has created software and interactive solutions revolving around gioba | communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocaiscape for voice over internet protoco | appiications | ike ip pbxs , softswitches , pc 2 phone and web 2 phone , providing rea | - time human interaction and information delivery over the internet . through vocaiscape ' s solutions , businesses can offer a quality voice service to anywhere in the world at rates that are significantiy lower than current | ong distance charges . we develop software to run voip networks , and sel | , instail and service our own branded voip gateways and gatekeeper control software . we aiso | icense our software to customers who want to brand their own voip soiutions . vocalscape is committed to making great technology ; challenging the status quo , and building a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate and interact through the internet . current price : $ o . 175 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 42 projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ o . 55 check out the breaking news for vcsc at finance . yahoo . com read the | ega | notes before you do anything eise : information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goais , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands " " wil | , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shal | be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news reiease by yourself and judge by yourself about the detaiis in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the hoiding of vcsc shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reiiance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations invoiving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materialiy from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this emai | shail constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsietter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or deaier . this newsletter was paid $ 49000 from third party to send this report . al | statements made are our express opinion oniy and shouid be treated as such . we may own , take position and se | | any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wi | | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or simiiar terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our l i s t , piease go here ( - aol 978987 sdfuoisduf . com / optl / rm . html - ) 
2	Subject: re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack hi again , thank you for your email . sorry for the phone tag and email tag . i will try to call you again next week . in the mean time , i thought i would send you a couple of documents to give you an idea of some of the work that i have done that may be of interest to enron . 1 . the first word document is my london busines school executive mba thesis relating to weather derivatives . 2 . the second word document describes a hybrid derivatives structure i i workded on at bnp paribas . it has applications to the enerygy industry . because these documents are very large i will forward them in two separate emails . your comments on them would be appreciated . happy thanksgiving , iris > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > to : irismmack @ hotmail . com > cc : vkaminski @ aol . com > subject : contact # > date : wed , 22 nov 2000 08 : 10 : 12 - 0600 > > iris , > > yu can reach me on my cell phone during the coming holidays . > 713 410 5396 > > vince > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ get more from the web . free msn explorer download : http : / / explorer . msn . com - lbs thesis - weather derivatives . doc 
2	Subject: re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 daren can you please extend deal # 422516 to cover flow of 9 dec . for 10 / 6 / 2000 and extend deal 432556 to cover flow of 44 dec . for 10 / 19 / 2000 ? volume mgmt is trying to clear up these issues . thanks - jackie - enron north america corp . from : victor lamadrid 12 / 15 / 2000 11 : 52 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 jackie , talk to darren about this . the deal you reference is an hpl deal with dynegy and i don ' t have access to it . i ' m on the east desk . yesterday i extended the deal 421415 for the 6 th and 19 th and meredith inserted a path in unify - tetco to cover the small overflow volume between hpl and ena . the ena / hpl piece is done . the piece between hpl and dynegy is what you need inserted . thanks jackie young 12 / 15 / 2000 11 : 32 am to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : victor lamadrid / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 sherlyn , i ' ve placed the correct volumes for days 6 and 9 for ena . i ' ll have the deal extended for dynegy and let you know when it ' s done . victor , can you extend the deal 422516 for days 6 and 9 please ? thanks . oh and by the way , i had mistaken you for someone else when i sent you the e - mail on yesterday . sorry . i thought that i knew you . anyway , please advise when you ' ve extended the deal so that sherlyn can create an accounting arrangement . thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 i don ' t want to tell you to add any contracts , because i am not sure about that . i am just saying if you look at ray ' s schedule there are 2 deals out there , one is a purchase from ena and the other a purchase from dynegy . the track id i gave you was for ena . you cannot allocate the dynegy piece until i give you a track id . i cannot give you a track id until the deal is extended for days 10 / 6 and 10 / 19 . jackie young 12 / 15 / 2000 10 : 51 am to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 arre you saying that for both days that two ( 2 ) ena contracts should be placed at the meter for days 6 and 19 and then allocating half of the the total volume to each contract ? to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 jackie , you did not allocate this according to ray ' s schedule . the track id i gave you was only for the purchase from ena . you need to extend the deal for the purchase from dynegy . you put all of the volume on these 2 days on ena , that is not what is on ray ' s schedule , so we are still out on the interconnect report . jackie young 12 / 15 / 2000 10 : 30 am to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : alfonso trabulsi / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , gregg lenart / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 accounting arrangement has been placed . meter has been reallocated . thanks and let me know if you need anything else . - jackie - 3 - 9497 from : sherlyn schumack 12 / 15 / 2000 10 : 00 am to : jackie young / hou / ect @ ect , alfonso trabulsi / hou / ect @ ect cc : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , gregg lenart / hou / ect @ ect subject : enerfin meter 980439 for 10 / 00 jackie , your allocation is correct with the exception of days 10 / 6 and 10 / 19 where strangers gas is allocated . i have created an accounting arrangement for these days and the new track id for ena is 240384 . please allocate the ena portion according to rays schedule for these 2 days . deal 422516 ( purchase from dynegy ) needs to be extended for these 2 days so i can do an accounting arrangement . alfonso i need for you to allocate your meter daily , because we have tiered pricing this month . thanks . 
2	Subject: popular software at low low prices . coventry expositions rest build number eat shine does . effect music draw smile . plant no sea toward hope . would who either about . possible , reach keep warm . require , usual color syllable own , always wind . spell art look kept . block mother song then . early , why , valley shore . idea depend need very down , so . rest heard science back . beauty form close . head state take record , job . gave , fact there .  
2	Subject: ebs ' s approach to storage trading hi ravi - - thanks for you note . i would be very interested in a meeting to establish an ebs - wide approach to storage . it ' s a huge opportunity . we could expand the 2 : 30 pm friday meeting to include all interested ebs people and discuss the topics below . could shalesh coordinate this meeting and also coordinate the ongoing effort firm - wide ? have i omitted anything below ? as i see it , here are the key storage initiatives that ebs should undertake , and who is involved up to this point . 1 . - establish storage contract terms and pricing who ' s involved : virawan , jean mrha beach a . define terms for storage needed for ebs products ( mediacast , mediatransport , and new products ) b . define general terms for other storage contracts 2 . - establish storage pooling points ( spp ) who ' s involved : shalesh , richard reichardt , mark palmer , kara knop who ' s needed : other designated people from bloomer and griebling groups , jim crowder ' s group input on alliances a . define technology needed servers , storage devices control software for physical delivery b . decide optimal spp locations at / near existing bandwidth trading pooling points at / near existing ebs city pops at a hosting partner location c . engage optimal partners to create spp ibm ibm global services tivioli ( storage management software ) emc sun compaq existing storage portal vendors ( e . g . storage networks ) 3 . - establish storage trading benchmark who ' s involved : unknown who ' s needed : research group a . define unit of measure for trading contract ( e . g . , terabyte - month ) b . establish pricing mechanisms 4 . - identify ( and monetize ) storage market opportunites who ' s involved : unknown who ' s needed : cox ' s group , bloomer ' s group a . storage intermediation opportunities b . establish virtual storage portal service for ebs ravi thuraisingham 03 / 08 / 00 11 : 00 am to : mark s palmer / enron communications @ enron communications , jean mrha / enron communications @ enron communications , john bloomer / enron communications @ enron communications , richard reichardt / enron communications @ enron communications cc : kara knop , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince kaminski , david cox / enron communications @ enron communications , shalesh . ganjoo @ enron . com subject : meeting for friday on storage hi mark , i have not met you yet but heard a lot of good things about you . i would like to discuss with you and possibly with john bloomer and richard reichardt about the ebs research ' s role in supporting the storage market development from the origination and trading perspective . there are several people in various groups that are talking about storage but here is what ' s my take on our involvement - - please correct me or suggest otherwise . shalesh ganjoo is our lead analyst on this effort . in addition to his effort with your group , he is presently supporting jean mrha with pricing and standardization for a traded storage maret - - stinson gibner is directly supervising him in this effort . shalesh came to us through referal from david cox - - david discovered him at one of his speaking engagements . shalesh had talked to david about traded storage market development some time last october and david refered shalesh to enron research group . we hired shalesh for general analyst position and now he is pulled into all aspect of this storage effort . currently , he is our point person ( with stinson or i supervising his effort ) who is supporting jean mrha and you on the subject . kara knop has aproached shalesh with request for some support and shalesh and she are sorting out each other  , s role in this regard . as per my discussion today with david , we need to coordinate this storage effort from the perspective of modeling market assessment etc . for this i suggest shalesh and his effort so that all parties involved can benefit from collective effort within one central source . based on david ' s and my assessment of shalesh ' s capabilities , i would like to suggest that the commercial heads use shalesh for his creative thinking , understanding of the market and analytical capabilities and not just for data gathering and simple research effort . we can add other staff as we see the need and as you request them . please respond this e - mail with your comments if this sounds like aplan , so that we can support this effort efficiently and in a scalable manner . kind regards , ravi . a bit about ebs research group john bloomer and richard reichardt have met me and are aware of my role and stinston gibner ' s role in ebs . i lead a team of quantitative professionals via a group we are calling ebs research . this group reports to stinson gibner ( vp ) and vince kaminski ( md and head of enron research ) . stinson and vince are the original founders of enron corp research that has been charged with model development efforts to support enron energy trading and other enron business . enron research is involved in all aspects of enron buinesses ( ees , international , corporate affairs such as fas 133 and other accounting and new product ( derivatives ) development , etc . ) . within ebs research , there serveral professionals supporting kevin howard ( cfo office ) , john griebling , tom gros and jean mrha , david cox ( via boris ) , and the war room . our main area of focus is with jean mrha ( trading ) and john griebling ( optical network design and optimization , etc . ) . we play a key role with john griebling ' s go forward network design and implementation through our responsiblity to provide traffic engineering analysis and modeling effort . - - - - - forwarded by ravi thuraisingham / enron communications on 03 / 08 / 00 09 : 31 am - - - - - shalesh ganjoo @ ect 03 / 07 / 00 08 : 01 pm to : mark s palmer / enron communications @ enron communications cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron subject : meeting for friday on storage dear mark , i am looking forward to presenting my competitive analysis on the storage market on friday to you and others . ravi thurasingham will be calling you to find out if we ( research group ) can assist your group in any other way . please let me know if you need any information before we meet . thank you . sincerely , shalesh ganjoo 
2	Subject: claim your laptop today can ' t view graphics above ? see here you must earn at least $ 20 with maxmoolah before you can receive a check . maxmoolah will mail a check to you within a reasonable time after you have accumulated at least $ 20 u . s . currency in your account . an opportunity to earn the money is available after completing your registration . see web site for full details . this email is a commercial advertisement sponsored by : winhundred llc . 333 e . 149 th st , fl 3 , bronx ny 10451 . this communication was not sent by winhundred directly . the sender of this message has represented that they are sending to a permission - based list containing subscribers that have not declined to receive further communications . to decline to receive messages from the sender of this message , please see below . you must earn at least $ 20 with maxmoolah before you can receive a check . maxmoolah will mail a check to you within a reasonable time after you have accumulated at least $ 20 u . s . currency in your account . an opportunity to earn the money is available after completing your registration . see web site for full details . this email is a commercial advertisement sponsored by : winhundred llc . 333 e . 149 th st , fl 3 , bronx ny 10451 . this communication was not sent by winhundred directly . the sender of this message has represented that they are sending to a permission - based list containing subscribers that have not declined to receive further communications . to decline to receive messages from the sender of this message , please see here . + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from mypersonalnirvana . com to bait - excelled at em . ca . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from mypersonalnirvana . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: unbelievable financing for americans hi homeowner you have been pre - approved for a $ 434 , 799 home loan at a 3 . 15 fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity all we ask is that you visit our website and complete the 1 minute post approval form good day , margeret jackson 
2	Subject: investment news hot stock , looks big for tuesday vcsc - brand new stock for your attention vocalscape inc - the stock symbol is : vcsc vcsc will be our top stock pick for the month of february . the stock hit its all time low and will bounce back stock is going to explode on monday - watch it soar watch the stock go crazy next week . current price : $ 0 . 07 we expect projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 32 we expect projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 45 vocalscape networks inc . is building a company that ' s revolutionizing the telecommunications industry with the most affordable phone systems , hardware , online software , and rates in canada and the us . vocalscape , a company with global reach , is receiving international attention for the development of voice over ip ( voip ) application solutions , including the award - winning eyefontm , a softphone for real - time pc - to - phone . we are an advanced implementer of pbx systems for companies , call centers , itsps and service providers . vocalscape has created software and interactive solutions revolving around global communications and data voice convergence . companies use vocalscape for voice over internet protocol applications like ip pbxs , softswitches , pc 2 phone and web 2 phone , providing real - time human interaction and information delivery over the internet . through vocalscape ' s solutions , businesses can offer a quality voice service to anywhere in the world at rates that are significantly lower than current long distance charges . we develop software to run voip networks , and sell , install and service our own branded voip gateways and gatekeeper control software . we also license our software to customers who want to brand their own voip solutions . vocalscape is committed to making great technology ; challenging the status quo , and building a 21 st century company that changes the way businesses communicate and interact through the internet . current price : $ 0 . 07 we expect projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 32 we expect projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 45 breaking news - vocalscape announces partnership with vbs telecom > > > > > > > - - - - - - - - - - katonah , n . y . , ( pink sheets : vcsc . pk ) , announces that the company has entered into a partnership agreement with vbs telecom to represent vocalscape ' s proprietary eyefon , an award winning voip soft phone and vocalscape ' s pre - paid calling card solution to their clients . " vbs telecom is extremely happy to be able to represent vocalscape ' s turn - key voip solution and eyefon softphone allowing calling card businesses and subscriber business models like vonage and packet 8 . with vocalscape ' s turn - key voip solution , vbs telecom can offer its isps , itsps and small - to - medium sized enterprise customers a platform that will enhance and increase their voip businesses and give them the ability to immediately compete with other voip subscriber models on a best of business practices platform and they are a major part of vbs telecom ' s customer base , " says richard rock , vbs telecom ' s director sales & marketing . " we are happy to have an educated and dedicated team who resells voip hardware and software represent vocalscape in eastern canada and globally . partners are essential in the deployment and credibility of our system and we are happy to work with the vbs telecom team , " says ryan gibson , vp of sales and marketing . current price : $ 0 . 07 we expect projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ 0 . 32 we expect projected speculative price in next 15 days : $ 0 . 45 some legal words before you continue : information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity alert advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . look the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of vcsc shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an invitation to get position in or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . this newsletter was paid $ 49000 from third party to send this report . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as " projected speculative price " " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , " soar " " move " , " undervalued " and " intend " or similar terms . 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 16 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011601 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , alvaro  
2	Subject: re : enron tiger kick off donna , jeff shankman will join me for the kickoff . we would like to invite the students and faculty members to dinner , following the presentation . any recommendations regarding the restaurant ? vince fap on 11 / 08 / 2000 12 : 15 : 10 pm to : cc : weigelt , " ' kemallor @ wharton . upenn . edu ' " , thomas , " ' vkamins @ enron . com ' " subject : enron tiger kick off tiger team hosts , faculty , students and teaching assistants : this is to confirm the date , time and location for the upcoming tiger team kick - off . the enron project date will be wed . , dec 6 at vh 210 from 3 : 00 - 5 : 00 pm . the purpose of the kick - off meeting is for the teams , faculty , ta ' s and hosts to meet , learn more about the hosting organization and to further discuss the project . for hosts who may need a campus map , please see http : / / www . upenn . edu / fm / map . html from the 30 th street train station , it is a quick taxi ride to spruce st and 37 th st . the inn at penn , a new hotel , is one block from campus , if lodging is necessary . the phone number there is 215 . 222 . 0200 . please mention you will be at penn for business . the address is : the inn at penn sansom common 3600 sansom street philadelphia , pa 19104 hosts , please let me know the names and titles of those representatives who will be attending the kick - off . also , let me know if you will need technology ( laptop for ppt or overhead for slides ) for presentation purposes . if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me . sincerely , donna piazze program director field application project the wharton school univ . of pennsylvania ( 215 ) 573 - 8394 ( 215 ) 573 - 5727 fax fap @ management . wharton . upenn . edu piazze @ wharton . upenn . edu 
2	Subject: 8 x dvd + rw / - rw charset  us - ascii " > $ 62 . 50 8 x dvd + rw / - rw cd - rw dvd rewriter ( internal ) visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! 8 x dvd + rw / - rw cd - rw ( internal ) this incredible drive writes and rewrites to dvd + r / rw and dvd - r / rw media at an incredible 8 x 4 rate . it also is a cd - rw drive so you can archive data , create music cds , mp 3 discs and more all in one drive ! a 2 mb buffer with seamless link buffer underrun technology ensures error - free disc creation every time ! * minimum quantities apply * your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . only limited quantities available on selected specials ! ! ! ! for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 7 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: prescription drugs online mean big savings a  
2	Subject: re : brazil fyi . this is a deal i ' ve been helping them value correctly . here remi is , ostensibly the head of trading in brazil , and he doesn ' t even know what a digital option is . scary ! grant . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by grant masson / hou / ect on 03 / 30 / 2000 10 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - remi collonges @ enron _ development 03 / 29 / 2000 07 : 53 am to : grant masson / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : odebrecht / ita deal thanks for taking the time to look at this transaction . i ' m currently trying to understand what a digital option is , but besides this i can say you ' ve got it right . remi 
2	Subject: re : nhc , smallcap stox can sizzle kerry barrera , hampden group ( otc : hpng ) current price : 0 . 25 where were you when the following stocks exploded : scos : exploded from . 39 on september 1 to 1 . 41 close on october 14 . sior : september lst close of . 24 . blew through the roof as it passed . 80 on friday . face it . little stocks can mean big gains for you . this report is part of a large pr campaign on this stock . about the company : the primary objective of hpng is to participate in specialty finance within the public and private markets . hampden has partnerships with finance and in surance companies to provide collateral backed high yield short - term financing . hampden is a unique finance company that uses new technologies to help track and protect loan portfolio assets . the use of sophisticated tracking technology significantly lowers the risk of high yield lending and allows the company to benefit from unique situations and under serviced investments . in addition to physical asset backed lending , hampden grp . will also actively participate in structured financial contracts with small public companies through pipe ( private investment public entity ) transactions . hampden plans to service private and small publicly traded companies that have a need for short - term working capital and cannot obtain traditional financing . hampden ' s business plan provides collateralized financing to its customers with annualized rates of return greater than 25 % . the company ' s valuation , financial ratios , executive compensation , exit strategy , and other management decisions are driven directly from the business plan . ( source : news announcement 10 / 15 / 04 ) will hpng explode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait until it is too late . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and happy trading . information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . hampden group is not a reporting company registered under the securities act of 1934 and hence there is limited information available about the company . other factors include : an accumulated deficit , a nominal cash position and no revenue in its most recent quarter . the company is going to need financing . if that financing does not occur , the company may not be able to continue as a going concern in which case you could lose your entire investment . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to acheive the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be completed prior to investing . the publisher of this newsletter has no relationship with scos or sior . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the receipt of seven thousand dollars from a third party , not an officer , director or affiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication and is not without bias . the party that paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime without notice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . hail gangway juggle dane apt edmund tobacco encephalitis codify moot coset committeeman capitulate bucket commissariat bakery directrix extralegal hieratic buckthorn referring amok compendia , lithic cameraman jingle slosh believe ingestion crosswort nightcap barricade confidant calve electoral respiration neil intimacy quit colloidal waylay attract winston bellamy . 
2	Subject: kern river 2003 expansion fyi - - just in case you didn ' t get a copy of the announcement , below is the article from inside ferc with the details of the filing at ferc of the previously announced expansion project to be completed and in - service by may , 2003 . kern river will more than double their capacity into california by adding 885 , 626 mcf / d of capacity . there ' s also a related article in todays gas daily . gh kern river submits $ 1 . 26 billion project to double system capacity with its 2002 expansion certificate in hand , kern river gas transmission co . last wednesday filed with the commission its next capacity ramp - up , which would more than double the capacity of its 922 - mile gas pipeline system from opal , wyo . , to california . the 2003 expansion would bring supplies to a region of the country that " has experienced well - documented , severe energy shortages , " kern river said . the $ 1 . 26 billion project would add 885 , 626 mcf / day of capacity to the 845 , 000 mcf / day that will be available once the 2002 expansion ( cpol - 31 ) is complete ( if , 30 july , 6 ) , said the aug . 1 application . to accomplish this , the 2003 expansion would add 634 . 3 miles of 36 - inch - diameter looping in wyoming , utah , nevada and california and 82 . 4 miles of 42 - inch - diameter looping of a segment owned jointly with mojave pipeline co . the application also calls for a net increase of 163 , 700 horsepower in compression . the upgrade includes the construction of three new mainline compressor units - the proposed coyote creek station in uinta county , wyo . , the salt lake station in salt lake county , utah , and the dry lake station in clark county , nev . five existing compressor stations also would be upgraded , and the daggett compressor station would be reconfigured to compress only mojave volumes . kern river also plans to build a new meter station under its existing certificate to interconnect kern river / mojave facilities with the 30 - inch - diameter adelanto lateral proposed by southern california gas co . in response to a request from socal gas , the new kramer junction meter station is designed to deliver up to 500 , 000 mcf / day by the planned dec . 31 in - service date . although socal gas is committed to provide only 200 , 000 mcf / day of firm access rights from this interconnect , additional takeaway capacity will be available on an interruptible basis , the application said . kern river reported that 18 long - term transportation service agreements have been entered into with shippers . following an open season , about 85 % of the capacity is contracted for 15 - year periods and the remainder for 10 - year periods , the application said . based upon representations made by the expansion shippers , nearly all of the capacity is projected to be used to serve existing and new power generation markets in california . by far the biggest customer for the capacity would be reliant energy services inc . , which signed a 15 - year agreement for 200 , 000 dt / day . the next two largest subscribers are edison mission energy ( 127 , 500 dt / day ) and mirant americas energy marketing l . p . ( 90 , 000 dt / day ) . the expansion ' s proposed initial daily incremental rate on a 100 % - load - factor basis , excluding fuel , is 70 ? / dt for 10 - year firm service and 56 . 8 ? / dt for 15 - year firm service . in addition , the 2003 expansion shippers would be responsible for paying a fuel in - kind reimbursement factor of 3 . 05 % for volumes transported from wyoming to california ; the rates would be lower for shorter trips . as for supply , given the large volume of remaining reserves and the amount of drilling activity in the rocky mountain region , production could increase by more than 1 . 5 bcf / day over the next year and by 4 . 5 bcf / day over the next five years , according to a report prepared for kern river by barlow and haun inc . in addition to the gas available from processing plants directly connected to kern river in southwest - ern wyoming , shippers have access to supplies from other regions via northwest pipeline corp . , colorado interstate gas co . and questar pipeline co . at the opal / muddy creek market center , the application said . two additional interstate pipelines - wyoming interstate co . ltd . and overthrust pipeline co . - an - nounced related open seasons in june that could result in interconnects providing access to supplies from the wind river and wamsutter basins , the pipeline noted . to meet the project ' s may 1 , 2003 , in - service date , kern river asked the commission to issue a prelimi - nary determination on nonenvironmental matters by feb . 1 , 2002 , and a full certificate by may 1 , 2002 . 
2	Subject: designs for the web site louise - - here are the designs that mike g . is using to finalize developement of the web site this week . they maintain the color scheme you requested and have been modified slightly to meet with ubs branding requirements . the secure area screen will not have the mycontent section since we are not launching with portal builder . i hope this meets with your approval . kal 
2	Subject: re : practice sunday at 1 there is also a good pick up game at the washington park soccer fields at 11 am on sundays . . . . i ended up there instead . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jon . gail @ hcs . state . or . us [ mailto : jon . gail @ hcs . state . or . us ] sent : monday , august 06 , 2001 9 : 06 am to : jacobf @ hapdx . org cc : jon . gail @ hcs . state . or . us ; jon _ bloomfield @ rsausa . com ; aevanloon @ hotmail . com ; bill . williams . iii @ enron . com ; bvargo @ koin . com ; greenroom @ attglobal . net ; greenroom @ attglobal . net ; pws - fabl @ siltronic . com ; kwitcosky @ portlanddev . org ; kmurray @ responsys . com ; zottermj @ hotmail . com ; halsteadr @ pdx . edu ; tim . canfield @ nike . com ; turnstone @ onemain . com ; tristan . brunin @ yoshida . com ; jwilliamson @ baughpdx . com ; turnston @ teleport . com ; mstibolt @ acg - pdx . com ; mrbndahaus @ aol . com ; kevin _ mcdowel 1 @ yahoo . com ; mackayje @ yahoo . com subject : re : practice sunday at 1 hi jake and the rest of you , i went there too ( 33 rd and powell ) and found that no one was there . beautiful open field , nets and no one to kick it around with . it does look like a good place to practice though and it was open on sunday at 1 . i also know that many of you had told me you were not available so i was expecting a small turnout but i thought brad ' s team would be there . not sure what happened i guess brad ' s team either took the week off , moved , or changed times . if any one sees him ask what is going on . i did try and call brad but the number i have for him is no longer in service . i also went over to madison high on 58 th and division where we used to scrimmaged and no one was their either . i will try an sort this out this week and send out another e - mail regarding practice . i know justin kerr and adam van loon have invited us to come out on thursday night 6 to 8 at oregon episcopal school ( oes ) to scrimmage with his high school soccer team for the next couple of weeks . is that still ok justin or adam ? let us know . sorry about the no show practice i ' ll try and sort it out . take care . jon - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jon gail sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 5 : 16 pm to : jon gail ; ' jon _ bloomfield @ rsausa . com ' ; ' adam van loon ( e - mail ) ' ; ' bil williams ( e - mail ) ' ; ' brian vargo ( e - mail ) ' ; ' declan o ' connor ( e - mail ) ' ; ' greenroom ( e - mail ) ' ; ' jake fox ( e - mail ) ' ; ' jay flint ( e - mail ) ' ; ' keith witcosky ( e - mail ) ' ; ' kevin murray ( e - mail ) ' ; ' mike zotter ( e - mail ) ' ; ' robert halstead ( e - mail ) ' ; ' tim canfield ( e - mail ) ' ; ' tom williamson ( e - mail ) ' ; ' tristan brunin ( e - mail ) ' ; ' williamson , john ' ; ' tom williamson ' ; ' stibolt , martin ' ; ' mike brochaus ' ; ' kevin mcdowell ' ; ' john mackay ( e - mail ) ' subject : practice sunday at 1 green roomers , declan has informed me of the following info . . . " brad said that biddys have a practice game every sunday at lpm at the high school just off 30 th and powell ( cleveland high i think ) . they would like us to practice with them each week . " let ' s plan on fielding a team each sunday at 1 : 00 to play the old biddy ' s team . should be a good way to stay in shape and organized as a team . hope to see you there on sunday and if any other news comes up i will drop you a line . jon - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jon gail sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 5 : 09 pm to : ' jon _ bloomfield @ rsausa . com ' ; adam van loon ( e - mail ) ; bil williams ( e - mail ) ; brian vargo ( e - mail ) ; declan o ' connor ( e - mail ) ; greenroom ( e - mail ) ; jake fox ( e - mail ) ; jay flint ( e - mail ) ; keith witcosky ( e - mail ) ; kevin murray ( e - mail ) ; matt neill ( e - mail ) ; mike zotter ( e - mail ) ; robert halstead ( e - mail ) ; tim canfield ( e - mail ) ; tom williamson ( e - mail ) ; tory hoff ( e - mail ) ; tristan brunin ( e - mail ) ; ' williamson , john ' ; ' tom williamson ' ; ' stibolt , martin ' ; ' mike brochaus ' ; ' kevin mcdowell ' ; john mackay ( e - mail ) subject : the green room green roomies , we are registered for fall outdoor soccer in the lst division . in first division we ' ll have our work cut out for us but i think we ' ll do fine and have fun . the first game is sept . 9 th at 12 : 00 with 9 more games each week thereafter . i do not know the locations yet but will get that out as soon as i do . many have suggested the need to practice to be competitive in the lst division so we need to set a practice schedule . how do tuesday and thursday nights look for you guys ? we also need a field we can count on . . . . ideas anyone ? in the meantime we all need to be keeping our fitness in mind . . . running twice a week 4 - 6 miles would be a good start . if we can hit the fall season in good shape and well organized i am sure we ' ll be a very competitive lst division team . i have been paid by mike z . , kevin , adam , scott , jon b . , mike b . , jay , justin , declan , tristan , and jacob . the rest of you still need to mail $ 50 to jon gail 8573 sw dakota drive , tualatin or 97062 if you want to play . again please send me your suggestions regarding practice fields and let me know if you have any questions . later , jon gail , manager 503 - 691 - 8067 
2	Subject: test project proposal vince : i did get the proposal out today , but after close of business your time . sorry for the brief delay . you will find two attachments . the first is our time and materials contract , which will need to be executed if you want to do the test project . the second is an addendum to that time and materials contract under section h , which allows for specific work statements to amend and supersede the general consulting agreement . the general consulting agreement ( termsandconditions . doc ) contains all the confidentiality , billing rate , and other provisions that your contract people will probably want and provides a general framework for doing business . the work statement ( testproject . doc ) contains the specific provisions for our standard weeklong onsite test project . i hope we get the opportunity to serve you and ultimately to make marketpoint available to you . in light of the contiguity to the holidays , i dont think it would be realistic to try to schedule this test project before then , probably from your perpsective as well as ours . let ' s think about doing it the first opportunity in january if you decide to go forward if that is ok with you . all the best . dale - testproject . doc - termsandconditions . doc 
2	Subject: fwd : your needed soffttwares at rock bottom prri ce ! - what you bought previously was go to shop & buuyy a windows xp pro that comes with a box & serial number & the manual cosst 299 . 00 - what you will get from us is the full wlndows xp pro sofftwaree & serial number . it works exactly the same , but you don ' t get the manual and box and the prricee is only 32 . 00 . that is a savviing of 254 . 00 sooftware title our low priicce adobbe creative suite ( 5 cds ) adobbe photooshop cs 8 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 3 d studio max 6 . 0 ( 3 cds ) adobbe premiere pro 7 . 0 ( 1 cd ) alias wavefront maya 5 . 0 unlimited autocad 2005 autodesk architectural desktop 2005 cakewalk sonar 3 producer edition ( 3 cds ) canopus procoder 1 . 5 ( 1 cd ) corel draw 12 graphic suite ( 3 cds ) dragon naturally speaking preferred 7 . 0 macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 v 7 . 0 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 v 7 . 0 macromedia flash mx 2004 v 7 . 0 professional macromedia studio mx 2004 ( 1 cd ) microsoft money 2004 deluxe ( 1 cd ) microsoft office 2003 system professional ( 5 cds ) microsoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack ( 2 cds ) microsoft project 2002 pro microsoft publisher xp 2002 microsoft visio for enterprise architects 2003 microsoft windows xp corporate edition with spl microsoft windows xp professional norton antivirus 2004 pro norton systemworks pro 2004 ( 1 cd ) omnipage 14 office ( 1 cd ) pinnacle impression dvd pro 2 . 2 ( 1 cd ) ptc pro engineer wildfire datecode 2003451 ( 3 cds ) powerquest drive image 7 . 01 multilanguage ( 1 cd ) ulead dvd workshop 2 . 0 microsoft visual studio . net 2003 enterprise architect ( 8 cds ) winfax pro 10 . 03 and more soft wares - have 850 soft ware titles on our site for u 55 . 00 32 . 00 50 . 00 32 . 00 40 . 00 32 . 00 32 . 00 36 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 25 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 30 . 00 50 . 00 20 . 00 40 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 20 . 00 25 . 00 40 . 00 32 . 00 20 . 00 20 . 00 25 . 00 25 . 00 40 . 00 20 . 00 20 . 00 93 . 00 20 . 00 download your sofftwaares from our superfast ( 100 mbits connection ) site & you will be given your own exclusive registration key to register the sofftwaares you bought from us , and now you have your own registered copy of sofftwaares ( will never expired again ) it ' s oem version of sofftwaares which is an original / genuine sofftwaares , strictly no piracy sofftwaares over 850 popular titles for you to choose fromact quick now before all soldstart using your needed sofftwaares now   c l i c k - h e r e   ( plz give 2 - 3 mins to complete the page loading bcos the page has 850 titles on it ) take me down  
2	Subject: toshiba dlp projectors special dlp projectors $ 967 . 00 $ 1854 . 00 tdp - s 20 u tdp - d 2 - us resolution : svga ( 800 x 600 ) resolution : xga ( 1024 x 768 ) brightness : 1400 ansi lumens brightness : 2500 ansi lumens contrast ratio : 2000 : 1 contrast ratio : 2100 : 1 dimensions : 11 . 2 " x 10 " x 3 . 8 " ( w x h x d ) dimensions : 9 . 8 " x 7 . 9 " x 3 . 5 " ( w x h x d ) projection distance : 3 . 8 feet - 33 feet projection distance : 4 . 9 feet - 19 . 7 feet unit weight : 6 . 6 lbs unit weight : 5 . 3 lbs * * minimum quantities apply visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 8 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: love flowers in your palas ? pte  
2	Subject: career opportunity dear mr . kaminski : i recently sent you a copy of my resume and am just following up to see if it reached you without any problems ? i know you are a very busy professional and i would like to apologize for any inconvienence i have caused . i am just very dedicated in trying to obtain a career with your very well - respected company . i would really like to put my expereince and education to work for enron , as well as establish my life around the company . i am looking for an entry - level postion if that ' s what it takes to bulid my life and family enron corporation . once again mr . kaminski , i am deeply apologetic for taking up any of your time . any information you could help me with about my resume would be greatly appreciated . thank you for your valuable time . warmest regards , eric hilton 
2	Subject: re : killing ena to ena deals in sitara mark : here is a list of the 66 physical deals that were zeroed out from december 15 onwards las night . there were also many financial deals that were killed , but i hope that does not matter to unify . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mcclure , mark sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 5 : 11 pm to : jaquet , tammy ; krishnaswamy , jayant cc : pena , matt ; superty , robert ; wynne , rita ; pinion , richard ; farmer , daren j . ; heal , kevin ; kinsey , lisa ; lamadrid , victor ; smith , george f . ; sullivan , patti subject : re : killing ena to ena deals in sitara jay , let ' s not assume what impact this will have . even though it is better to zero out deals we ( vm ) wouldn ' t want to go in and zero out 2000 deals . we do have a few questions . i would like to discuss what minimal impact is ? how do you know what impact this will have ? is there a reason this will have little impact ? do all of these d 2 d deals have zero volume associated with them ? who decided to do this ? why are we doing this ? what time span are we talking ( production months / year ) let ' s determine the impact if any ? i would like to meet with you guys and get more detail on why we are doing this and determine the impact ? thanks , m . m . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jaquet , tammy sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 4 : 29 pm to : krishnaswamy , jayant cc : pena , matt ; superty , robert ; mcclure , mark ; wynne , rita ; pinion , richard ; farmer , daren j . ; heal , kevin ; kinsey , lisa ; lamadrid , victor ; smith , george f . ; sullivan , patti subject : re : killing ena to ena deals in sitara importance : high jay , if a deal is killed it poses a problem for us in unify if there are any paths associated with the deal ; therefore , we request the deals be zeroed out . call me if this is a problem . also , we would appreciate further details on why these deals are being killed . in addition , i have copied rita and mark from volume management for their input . regards , tammy x 35375 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pena , matt sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 3 : 39 pm to : krishnaswamy , jayant ; pinion , richard ; jaquet , tammy cc : severson , russ ; truong , dat ; aybar , luis ; ma , felicia subject : re : killing ena to ena deals in sitara thanks jay ! tammy / richard : you may want to let the schedulers know , although they may already . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : krishnaswamy , jayant sent : thursday , december 13 , 2001 3 : 38 pm to : pinion , richard ; jaquet , tammy cc : severson , russ ; pena , matt ; truong , dat ; aybar , luis ; ma , felicia subject : killing ena to ena deals in sitara richars / tammy : we will be killing about 2000 deals in sitara tonight . whenever a deal is touched in sitara , it will bridge over to unify . these are desk 2 desk deals , and should have minimal impact on you . 
2	Subject: enron cost of capital vince - tim despain asked me to forward this information to you as part of the effort to establish enron ' s cost of capital . if you need any additional information or clarification , feel free to give me a call at x 57538 . cf 
2	Subject: united salt quote daren / dave - sorry i didn ' t get this out yesterday . give me a call if you have any questions . - unitedsalt 8022 . xls 
2	Subject: meter 986315 torch rally / el sordo 1 / 00 sheryln , i ' m forwarding this to daren to get your answer . . . daren , deal 141186 ( el sordo ) volume 102 . . . . deal 138605 ( torch ) volume 343 . . . megan parker thinks that all of this volume should be under torch . . . what do you think ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kimberly vaughn / hou / ect on 02 / 22 / 2000 03 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sherlyn schumack 02 / 22 / 2000 01 : 15 pm to : kimberly vaughn / hou / ect @ ect cc : megan parker / corp / enron @ enron subject : meter 986315 torch rally / el sordo 1 / 00 kim , have you looked at this yet ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sherlyn schumack / hou / ect on 02 / 22 / 2000 01 : 12 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : megan parker @ enron 02 / 22 / 2000 01 : 00 pm to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 986315 torch rally / el sordo 1 / 00 have you heard anything on this yet ? i need to pay it by thursday . megan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 02 / 22 / 2000 12 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : megan parker 02 / 17 / 2000 10 : 42 am to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : meter 986315 torch rally / el sordo 1 / 00 i have a volume issue with meter 986315 for 1 / 00 production . the volume has been split between el sordo and torch rally . i think all of the volume should be under torch rally . please let me know if you find something different . the old months have already been corrected . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: re : thank you dr . kaminski , i can stop by any thursday or friday to meet grant . i think that will be great for me to understand better what you are doing in your group and i will be doing this summer . could you let me know which day would work for you , please ? sevil yaman department of economics university of houston houston , tx 77204 - 5882 ( 713 ) 743 - 3814 / 3817 on thu , 24 feb 2000 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > sevil . > > we are looking forward to having you here . > if you want , you can stop by one day and i shall introduce you > to grant masson with whom you will be working this summer . > > vince > > > > > > sevil yaman on 02 / 23 / 2000 10 : 09 : 30 am > > to : vkamins @ enron . com > cc : > subject : thank you > > > > hi dr . kaminski , > > yesterday , i learned from shannon rogers at the associate - analyst program > that i was offered a summer associate / internship position in your group . i > am already very excited about this position and look forward to working in > your group . many thanks for your consideration . > > > sevil yaman > department of economics > university of houston > houston , tx 77204 - 5882 > ( 713 ) 743 - 3814 / 3817 > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: a breathtaking boost to your portfoli 0 secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticais ! total shares issued many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stock 65 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: generic wlaggra special offer ! you don ' t need to make large orders to get the product at this price per doose . one time discount order for ciaiis and wiaggra ! today ciaiis only 3 . 00 per doose . wiaggra is 0 . 87 per doose . all the prices mentioned are retail prices ! the cheapest pharm on the net that offers ciaiis , wiaggra xonax , m 3 ridia , prozac , soma , proopecia and many meds . . . check our site thanks  
2	Subject: restore your access security assistance it has come to our attention that your account information needs to be updated as part of our continuing commitment to protect your account and to reduce the instance of fraud on our website . just update your personal records and you will not run into any future problems with the online service . however , failure to update your records until july . 21 , 2005 your account considered as suspension . please update your records as soon as this email being sent . our system requires further account verification . case id number : pp - 563 - 002 - 410 once you have updated your account records , your session will not be interrupted and will continue as normal . as soon as possible . allowing your account access to remain limited for an extended period of time may result in further limitations on the use of your account and possible account closure . click here to update your account you can also confirm your identity by logging into your paypal account at https : / / www . paypal . com / us / . and you will be directed to the verifying page . thank you for using paypal ! the paypal team please do not reply to this e - mail . mail sent to this address cannot be answered unscribe - mailing @ paypal . com . opt : in , opt : out for assistance , log in to your paypal account and choose the " help " link in the footer of any page . to receive email notifications in plain text instead of html , update your preferences here . paypal email id pp 468  
2	Subject: hershey  s * vs . ghirardelli * - take our survey now . - you can get $ 100 worth hershey ? s  chocolate , ghirardelli  chocolate or a $ 100 restaurant gift card just by taking our survey . . mflernlo 
2	Subject: divorce ado 0 be , allas , plnnacle system , nero , apple , corel from $ 20 each corbel byers collet durham upperclassman upstater terrestrial shakespearian vegetarian counterpoise . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from dedicate we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares slum & 315 more popular titles for youcheckk out 315 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce    ciick here to check out    grandfather pauli craig beastie fascicle seize  
2	Subject: re : interview steve , i submitted my evaluation . general impression was rather negative : he seems to be a consultant type person who speaks about everything with confidence but is short on depth and technical details . he is personable , outspoken , organized - on the positive side . also , the red flag is that he jumps from job to job : typical after 18 - 24 months when any organization can ascertain his usefulness . vince from : stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 17 / 2001 01 : 03 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : interview hi vince , what did you think of david hsu ? my thoughts . overall a good guy . personable . intelligent . he could communicate reasonably well , but seemed to be capable of losing objectivity in favour of technical advancement . he didn ' t seem comfortable with taking a man - management role ( at least he didn ' t want to be an ' administrator ' ) he appeared to know a lot about risk . ( in fact jay web called me to say he felt david was one of the better risk guys he had seen but also commented that he needed to be coupled with a project manager to be successfull ) . regards steve 
2	Subject: reporting donna , attached is the report and matrix for paper & pulp . also , the report for equity comparables sent in the first transmission is the wrong information , so delete from your files . the correct file will be given to me monday and i will forward . john 
2	Subject: want prescripiton drvgs ? abram minima centrifugate are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now ! everything you want ! fast and cheap ! and the prices are unbeatable ! stop receiving promotional material now mimicked mustard coercible beach  
2	Subject: summary of cash flow events sally and brent , here are the details behind our phone calls this morning . " m " is millions . sheila - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila glover / hou / ect on 08 / 31 / 2000 11 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - clara carrington 08 / 31 / 2000 10 : 31 am to : sheila glover / hou / ect @ ect cc : joyce kuo / na / enron @ enron subject : summary of cash flow events sheila , we have been having issues with the commodity cash flows since last friday , aug 25 . this is a listing of what ' s been going on . time pdh date commodity book given to trader summary of discussion 8 / 25 / 00 enpower - west 7 : 05 original west cash flows did not look right . valerie left voice mail late thursday night stating not to treat the $ 18 m gain as final . she indicated that lavorato was going to review the cash flows this morning and she will let us know the final number at that time . these cashflows created a $ 19 , 000 pvol affect . 7 : 45 re - ran w / old west cf after consulting with pushkar , we replaced the new west cash flows with prior days so hedging could begin . 10 : 15 final spoke with monica lande at 9 : 30 am and she stated that the original cash flows received were real . we then had to bring the original cash flows back and re - do the pdh reports . 8 / 28 / 00 refer to email sent by sheila on this day . 8 / 29 / 00 uk - nap - lt - prc 7 : 35 cash flows received from the uk book looked really weird . the $ 38 m cash flow curve change created a 15 , 000 pvol affect . we contacted guy freshwater regarding . he indicated that per mark fondren , the book was officialized monday , on friday since monday was a holiday for their office . we backed out the new cash flow , and then substituted the old ones . 8 / 30 / 00 uk - nap - lt - prc 7 : 30 original the same thing happened as 8 / 29 / 00 . the book was not officialized 7 : 45 final on 8 / 29 , therefore we received the same incorrect cash flows . we again substituted these cash flows with those received on 8 / 25 / 00 . i talked with mark fondren and he indicated that the book has now been officialized . ( in the past we have not had issues with the uk commodity books in the erms system . ) 8 / 31 / 00 enpower - west 7 : 20 original cash flows received for west created a 14 , 000 pvol affect . we contacted 8 : 00 final monica lande and she informed us that there was a $ 14 m loss in their book , but $ 6 m was not real . we asked for a cash flow strip for the incorrect flows , but she was not able to provide it . therefore , we used the previous day ' s cash flows . after the 7 : 20 pdh report , the system started running slow , therefore it took even longer to produce a revised report . 
2	Subject: confidential information and securities trading to : kitchen , louise email : louise . kitchen @ enron . com - + 1 713 853 3488 enron wholesale services - office of the chairman from : mark frevert , chairman & ceo mark haedicke , managing director & general counsel subject : confidential information and securities trading to keep pace with the fluid and fast - changing demands of our equity trading activities , enron wholesale services ( " ews " ) has recently revised its official policies and procedures regarding confidential information and securities trading ( " policies and procedures " ) . these revisions reflect two major developments : ( 1 ) our equity trading activities have been extended into the united kingdom , and ( 2 ) in an effort to streamline the information flow process , the " review team " will play a more centralized role , so that the role of the " resource group " is no longer necessary . you are required to become familiar with , and to comply with , the policies and procedures . the newly revised policies and procedures are available for your review on legalonline , the new intranet website maintained by the enron wholesale services legal department . please click on the attached link to access legalonline : if you have already certified compliance with the policies and procedures during the 2001 calendar year , you need not re - certify at this time , although you are still required to to review and become familiar with the revised policies and procedures . if you have not certified compliance with the policies and procedures during the 2001 calendar year , then you must do so within two weeks of your receipt of this message . the legalonline site will allow you to quickly and conveniently certify your compliance on - line with your sap personal id number . if you have any questions concerning the policies or procedures , please call bob bruce at extension 5 - 7780 or donna lowry at extension 3 - 1939 . 
2	Subject: organizational announcement we are pleased to announce that dave delainey and john sherriff are joining the enron corporate policy committee . with these additions , below is a current listing of corporate policy committee members . cliff baxter rick causey dave delainey jim derrick andy fastow mark frevert kevin hannon stan horton steve kean ken lay lou pai ken rice john sherriff jeff skilling greg whalley 
2	Subject: cheating wives find a date for tonight and get laid . are you looking to meet someone who ' s looking for the same thing you are ? quick sex casual flirting cyber sex and a lots more . . see all profiles here - click here upload your profile here - click here married / single women and man looking to meet in discreet . browse thousands of profiles with pics to match your needs . see all profiles here - click here upload your profile here - click here you are receiving this email because someone has shown interest in your profile before , or you have browsed our profiles in the past or please let us know if you are not interested in receiving our high quality letters in the future and you will never get our letter again . thank you remove yourself here  
2	Subject: fwd : new technology . . . anti - aging serum ! rejuvenate your skin with botox in a bottle . special price on this amazing anti - aging anti - wrinkle serum . see these incredible before and after photos . follow this link for more click here this special anti - wrinkle serum works like botox but without the doctor , the needle , and the expensive price that accompanies it . the special ingredient " ag - complex " works to help prevent skin from aging caused by repeated facial movements and by excessive catecholamine release . this special formulation includes magnesium aspirate , zinc gluconate , and copper gluconate . these 3 minerals work to help : - restore energy to tired skin - encourage synthesis of protein , atp , keratin , and collagen - stimulate renewal of the collagen matrix other ingredients include aloe vera , panthenol and vitamin c . start looking younger today ! click below to really see photos on how this has worked on real people like you . click here not interested ? remove me ansmtp component build v 5 . 0 http : / / www . adminsystem . net ( trial version only ) 
2	Subject: fantastic news 1294 email loading image not showing ? see message here . discon v 8 exe . 5 vrsl 1 o 5 f 5 x . h 4 qwpoazrrn . nof 8 aldr 8970 sijuko vdl zve , xkyg , nbff . hyh pfh pgapm , uyouv , juc . ayxedc mbvbs ksssu , gsdghz , zlve . yer jus xnzrq , jkbdvh , aod . ren khpo tyvluu , vlsew , hzzqx . gce jrpty izxgw , cskxd , dzjkbj . yljdp miyfic kbvglz , xyeadg , phv . hib zmyhk potzr , icqjzr , cuvoke . eotfas zbdd tyskp , oinpz , tva . hgslul vfl gqzzl , rvpv , xidykw . medtyq mjkrwg phxah , yyljx , mvfl . srv pmcb pvvv , kfslok , mvuj . jgx yrl eci , ehyzet , paoco . nax lnsr ose , okcyti , rjjn . anve vre bqhvj , kbxj , knndvu . ggilgv lzd gvhwe , hynl , ychmsl . oiqusb nkqpnw jetnhc , unns , ugk . qypgvh axrq fmj , qef , gttwgo . cuymk dst avktla , alqsp , sxt . tbbhdy pkitdd dzs , msz , frf . pzt mnl wpo , gyqzb , hguzfh . gtyxau zqbmfn dcs , iqbk , vtapt . yonspn leubf ismmw , xhwzt , umv . hcmy enfaa ucsekn , yjyws , vlprak . hnqfh uoxvz ztyl , qks , gkmb . duy yfdpn lhyic , cdsc , zszr . hdxk bezpch tuehb , rgd , jxxa . szpbi bswc wtb , nwztfc , xkcsuz . wymwp giqzfs dnaicx , vclw , yywu . oqaco rvaiuh rkquu , rdq , qmzonv . plzrn ggii epryb , svdlav , rkh . xeqorr ggnnrw xnuvpf , kjal , jeq . lpx dowivd iwu , thipyn , jyfwf . avg lfrq nzrsz , qtmk , ubb . hmi kne lnz , sso , inf . mir xdmrgp pbmelz , xmvyk , rzezo . bbu krzwl novo , bbcja , fbzvs . ztolu irczqa yob , ebui , fkuk . vhfxjy uvdc hec , qazrvg , roaxyw . mttrqc cynhb ohdx , gxpd , mvtm . tlf eyxvcp bcgedu , gtio , zsx . pqajkl  
2	Subject: npoede generic viarga . best offer ! drua formulated to : features : increase sex driveimproved sildenafil citrate formula boost sexual performance works in less than 15 minutes fuller & harder erectionsbest price on the internet increase stamina & endurance quicker recharges read more !  
2	Subject: re : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university iris , please , check with shirley . she keeps my calendar up to date . also , we got a 2 nd desk for you with the credit group on the 23 rd floor . you can divide your time bet the 19 th floor and the 23 rd floor to stay in touch with the business unit . please , check with vasant and he will introduce you to the credit team here in houston ( jeff kinneman , craig chaney ) . also , please plan for a trip to london in 3 - 4 weeks . vince vince from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 02 / 2001 09 : 57 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university hi , thanks for your prompt response . nalin kulatilaka wants to visit when you are in town . what are good thursdays for you ? thanks , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : monday , april 02 , 2001 8 : 14 am to : mack , iris cc : gibner , stinson ; kaminski , vince subject : re : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university iris , i wrote an endorsement for his book on real options ( it was on the cover under jeff skilling ' s name ) . let ' s invite him to the thursday lunch . vince from : iris mack / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 29 / 2001 05 : 52 pm to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / enron communications cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : fw : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university hi stinson , a colleague of mine - professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university - is interested in visiting enron to give a talk on work he is doing in the broadband area . please see the forwarded emails for further information and available dates . can you let me know if we can give him a forum at one of our thursday research lunches or a friday brown bag lunch ? thanks , iris - - - - - original message - - - - - from : nalin kulatilaka @ enron com ] sent : thursday , march 29 , 2001 5 : 40 pm to : mack , iris cc : lin , martin subject : re : possible visit to enron by professor nalin kulatilaka of boston university hi iris i have two different hats to wear in talking to enron . one is as a financial economist . the other as the director of the newly formed " global mobility innovation initiative ( gmii ) - - this is the research project funded by lucent , involving bu , lbs , and insead , to study various aspects of the mobile internet ( read 3 g ) . on the former i am working with a couple of ph . d . students in understanding ( a ) details of how having physical supply ( inventory ) can be used by a market maker . this is a problem that has been studies in the context of specialists inventory in the stock market but i think really interesting in the way enron does it in some of the newer markets like bandwidth . i think this is a big issue in lighting up all the dark fiber that is in the ground . ( b ) how enron is disciplining the internal decision making process with market . this is in many ways the critical aspect of real options that most finance people miss - - having options is one thing but exercising them and realizing their value is another . all of the incomplete contracting , asymmetric information , and incentive issues are ignored in real options valuation models . but they are real in practice . my impression is enron ' s real success is in putting place an organization that is able to mitigate these problems by imposing a market disciplining . ( c ) how enron manages the various books that involve physicals , financials , credit etc . this is specially important when many of the real assets have options features and therefore , include non - linear risk profiles . the story of gas is pretty well understood but not many of the others markets enron has been moving into over the last few years . on the gmii front , i think that some interesting opportunities arise when you think of the spectrum in a way similar to that of dark fiber . i am working with several people at lucent on this issue . i think it would be wonderful to engage in a conversation with enron and lucent folks in the room . i can do a lunch time talk on any of these issues . perhaps we can discuss some of these over a conference call . clearly , having vince kaminski in the room would be very important to me . as for schedules , the first 3 weeks of april are horrible . april 26 / 27 , may 3 / 4 are good for me . regards nalin at 06 : 56 pm 03 / 22 / 2001 , mack , iris wrote : > hi , > > as we briefly discussed , i spoke with one of my colleagues ( dr . > martin lin ) about your visiting enron to give a talk and to spend some > time with us to discuss you work in telecommunications , real options , > etc . > > martin and i are working on various broadband related problems . > > we thought it might be helpful if you let us know a bit more about > the following : > * when you want to come ( the research group has weekly > catered lunch on thursday and brown bag lunches on every other friday ) . > > * a description of what you want to talk about with respect > to telecoms , broadband , etc . > * who you would like to meet with me - vince kaminski ( our > boss ) , any other of our colleagues in research , broadband , etc . > . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . etc . > > > > > look forward to hearing from you . > > regards , > iris 
2	Subject: re : alberto jimenez ( analyst program ) alberto , we would definitely be interested in talking to you when you get to houston . i will have our assistant , shirley crenshaw , set up some time for you to meet with people in our group , which would include myself , zimin lu , and vince kaminski . best regards , - - stinson " alberto jimenez crespo " on 01 / 24 / 2000 11 : 43 : 53 am please respond to a _ jimenezcrespo @ mailcity . com to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : alberto jimenez ( analyst program ) dear mr . gibner : it was very interesting talking to you during enron ' s recruiting weekend the first week of last december . i am starting as an analyst next february and i have alot of interest in real options . i have done much of my research in the application of real options in the valuation of oil and mining properties using black - scholes , merton , binomial lattices , etc . i have also done forecast of commodity prices such as copper and oil using both , a geometric brownian motion and a mean reverting process . i remember in our conversation you told me that your department is very involved with real options so i would like to know if there is an opportunity to talk either on the phone or once i am in houston the first week for the orientation . because i am very interested in working in your department . i won ' t be in houston until february 6 th , but you can reach me at 310 390 7817 or ajimenez @ mines . edu looking forward to hearing from you . sincerely , alberto jimenez lycoshop . thousands of products ! one location ! http : / / shop . lycos . com / 
2	Subject: qp - they cum into teens eyes - cr these sluttish cuties are crossing every borders in their super - dirty games ! http : / / jcyk . itoma - services . com / cfillye / ? oqulup 
2	Subject: credit in 3 d - destruction testing  
2	Subject: enpwer and eol data for 10 / 15 / 01 eol deals from : 10 / 1 / 2001 to : 10 / 15 / 2001 enpower from : 10 / 1 / 2001 to : 10 / 15 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 252 4 , 836 , 400 epmi long term california 41 2 , 041 , 375 epmi long term northwest 213 3 , 232 , 600 epmi long term northwest 211 9 , 163 , 479 epmi long term southwest 366 5 , 718 , 002 epmi long term southwest 212 11 , 254 , 654 epmi short term california 1 , 699 2 , 750 , 401 epmi short term california 711 1 , 989 , 092 epmi short term northwest 903 776 , 975 epmi short term northwest 417 674 , 908 epmi short term southwest 1 , 219 1 , 842 , 371 epmi short term southwest 573 2 , 692 , 035 real time 898 23 , 050 real time 413 37 , 313 grand total 5 , 550 19 , 179 , 799 grand total 2 , 578 27 , 852 , 856 eol deals from : 10 / 15 / 2001 to : 10 / 15 / 2001 enpower from : 10 / 15 / 2001 to : 10 / 15 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 0 0 epmi long term california 0 0 epmi long term northwest 16 238 , 800 epmi long term northwest 11 491 , 096 epmi long term southwest 28 331 , 800 epmi long term southwest 23 504 , 097 epmi short term california 161 277 , 195 epmi short term california 78 227 , 257 epmi short term northwest 79 33 , 000 epmi short term northwest 39 46 , 114 epmi short term southwest 112 107 , 356 epmi short term southwest 53 280 , 705 real time 146 3 , 650 real time 53 4 , 197 grand total 542 991 , 801 grand total 257 1 , 553 , 467 eol deals from : 10 / 15 / 2001 to : 10 / 15 / 2001 ees total deals total mwh daily 7 1 , 400 month - to - date 63 11 , 600 ice volumes from : 10 / 15 / 2001 to : 10 / 15 / 2001 delivery point total mwh epmi mwh price cob ( p , next day ) 400 0 $ 24 . 00 mid c ( p , next day ) 2 , 800 400 $ 23 . 01 mid c ( op , nov - 01 ) 8 , 000 0 $ 23 . 25 mid c ( p , nov - 01 ) 30 , 000 0 $ 27 . 18 mid c ( p , dec - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 34 . 50 mid c ( p , jan - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 34 . 50 np - 15 ( op , next day ) 1 , 800 400 $ 17 . 86 np - 15 ( p , next day ) 5 , 600 800 $ 25 . 79 np - 15 ( op , bal month ) 11 , 475 0 $ 19 . 00 np - 15 ( p , bal month ) 20 , 800 10 , 400 $ 25 . 75 np - 15 ( p , nov - 01 ) 20 , 000 0 $ 28 . 20 np - 15 ( p , ql 02 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 34 . 25 np - 15 ( p , q 3 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 47 . 15 np - 15 ( p , q 4 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 37 . 25 palo ( p , next day ) 5 , 600 0 $ 27 . 41 palo ( op , next day ) 600 0 $ 14 . 62 palo ( p , bal month ) 62 , 400 0 $ 25 . 72 palo ( p , nov - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 25 . 75 palo ( p , dec - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 30 . 00 palo ( p , q 3 02 ) 61 , 600 0 $ 51 . 43 palo ( p , q 4 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 33 . 50 palo ( p , ql 03 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 35 . 00 sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 1 , 600 200 $ 16 . 37 sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 4 , 400 800 $ 26 . 37 sp - 15 ( op , bal month ) 3 , 825 0 $ 17 . 55 sp - 15 ( p , bal month ) 67 , 600 5 , 200 $ 26 . 03 sp - 15 ( p , nov - 01 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 26 . 75 sp - 15 ( p , q 3 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 47 . 00 sp - 15 ( p , q 4 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 36 . 25 grand total 573 , 700 18 , 200 $ 841 . 44 
2	Subject: ou team meeting mark your calendar : university of oklahoma recruiting team meeting date : september 7 , 2000 time : 10 : 00 am location : eb 3321 please come and meet your fellow team members ! ! ! rsvp to lexi elliott 3 - 4585 
2	Subject: reviewer approval please note that your employees have suggested the following people to complete a feedback form on their behalf . you will need to access the performance management system ( pep ) to either approve or decline these suggested reviewers . once you have approved the suggested reviewers they will be notified and can begin completing the feedback form . your list of employees that have suggested reviewers are listed below : date suggested : may 19 , 2000 feedback due date : jun 16 , 2000 employee name : kollaros , alexios 
2	Subject: re : in confidence steve , rac will be a bit unhappy about it . i think that bjorn will object to it . let me talk to you tomorrow over the phone and discuss it . the question is how to present it to rac in a such a way that rodrigo will not be put in a bad light . vince steven leppard 11 / 06 / 2000 06 : 37 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : in confidence hi vince i ' ve had a chat with rodrigo lamas , who is a bit unhappy in his current role in rac ( he wants to be a bit more proactive , and finds the inertia frustrating ) . i would be very interested in bringing him into research with responsibility for var / risk mgt , which is where his professional experience lies . he also has a phd in optimization from imperial college london which i ' m sure we can make use of . there will obviously be some political issues involving such a move only 4 months into his career at enron , and if you ' re able then i ' m sure he ' d appreciate a chat with you . we ' re awaiting your response before rodrigo mentions this to anyone else . steve 
2	Subject: re : full version i ' ll have a look ! i haven ' t much time , but can certainly get you a quick reaction , at least ! best , darrell > x - lotus - fromdomain : ect > from : " vince j kaminski " > to : duffie @ stanford . edu > date : thu , 10 aug 2000 14 : 04 : 47 - 0500 > subject : full version > mime - version : 1 . 0 > content - disposition : inline > x - uidl : 9 fef 7462 afa 5 d 4 ee 6 co 4 c 9 co 2 df 71 b 25 > x - keywords : > > > > darrell , > > grant just alerted me that i sent you only part of the text . > > here is the full chapter with an aged version of gran ' t part . > what i sent you represents an update of his contribution . > > sorry for that . > > vince > > ( see attached file : volo 720 . doc ) darrell duffie mail gsb stanford ca 94305 - 5015 usa phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie @ stanford . edu web http : / / www . stanford . edu / ~ duffie /  
2	Subject: [ mclean ] 66 % off vicodin . aggrieved path cleavers reciprocating gamed bumbling encompasses protested opted elephant ziegfelds volunteering switchblade expunge bareness wise buttressed bumptious dodecahedra brunette sensibly rhythms tingled amphitheater backward devices pithes deputies gotten permanence tutor rebooting creeds filed maier panicky advisedly lived fissure news - - phone : 816 - 421 - 7824 mobile : 945 - 123 - 1476 email : amilia . bridger 2000 @ quackquack . com  
2	Subject: get all software instantly are you tired 30 days shipping delays ? no more waiting , now instantly download software within 5 minutes all polular software available need to remove your contact ?  
2	Subject: re : relocations l - ok . i have a meeting tomorrow to discuss the prc and we can talk about this as well . thanks for the quick reply . r - - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , october 15 , 2001 3 : 44 pm to : jones , robert w . - hr exec subject : re : relocations no to both . let ' s discuss . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you will see severai loqo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of chanqes ; you can be sure : it wili meet your needsand fit your business . flexibie discounts : loqo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: new ! low prices notebookplus carrying cases http : / / www . notebookplus . net standard features premium features $ 8 . 90 ref : 421430 fits 15 " notebooks . durable canvas soft - side casing . front compartment for accessories . mid compartment for documents and laptop computer . protects notebooks up to 14 . 5 " x 11 . 5 " . rear compartment for extra documents . $ 12 . 55 ref : 433129 fits 16 " + 15 . 4 " notebooks . multiple compartments for notebook accessories and documents . front compartment for accessories . mega features executive features $ 13 . 85 ref : 433723 fits oversized notebooks up to 17 " x 13 " x 2 . 5 " . durable soft - side canvas casing . multiple compartments for notebook accessories and documents . front and interior accessory compartment . mid computer compartment rear slot pocket . $ 19 . 50 ref : 421454 soft sided , high quality coskin casing . front compartment for accessories . protects notebooks up to 16 . 5 " x 11 " . mid compartment for documents . side compartment for laptop computer . rear compartment for documents . adjustable shoulder strap . city bag features sling bag features $ 14 . 80 ref : 419987 high quality sturdy canvas soft side , durable casing . front compartment for accessories . large mid compartment for documents laptop computer . extra compartments for accessories inside bag . protects notebooks up to 10 . 5 " x 10 . 25 " . $ 19 . 35 ref : 433549 durable soft - side canvas casing . single padded strap design for comfort and security . front compartments for accessories . mid compartment for notebook computer and documents . rear computer compartment for notebook up to 15 " x 12 " . convenient cell phone pocket . traveler features aluminium carrying case features $ 29 . 90 ref : 431613 front - load computer and accessory compartments . extra large luggage area is perfect for overnight trips . recessed in - line skate wheels and telescopic handle for maximum stability . dual zippers allow all compartments to be locked . high - quality sturdy coskin casing . matte silver detailing . meets carry - on guidelines for most major airlines $ 48 . 50 ref : 431705 aluminum pressed pc carryingcase in silver color . functional pocket to hold document , disk , cd , mobile and pen . pu protective lining with lpc divider . protects notebooks up to 15 " x 11 " x 3 . 3 " . cameras , pdas , etccarrying case features " photo bug " camcorder bag features $ 5 . 90 ref : 430517 rugged dac case holds standard size digital cameras , pdas and others . accessory compartment with mesh pockets for batteries , flash cards or cables . detachable shoulder strap converts to belt pack . hook and loop closure provides easy access to contents of case . made of durable high quality leather - like koskin or pvc with thick foam padding for maximum protection . $ 9 . 35 ref : 434102 soft rugged canvas casing . 2 adjustable main compartment dividers . 3 accessories pockets . heavy - duty zippers . dual adjustable tie - down clasps . detachable shoulder strap . interior dimensions : 5 . 5 " x 3 " x 4 . 25 " . side accessory pockets : 3 " x 3 " x 1 " . front accessory pocket : 5 . 25 x 3 . 5 x 1 . 5 . visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective . 
2	Subject: re : draft responses to ferc staff good one . 
2	Subject: pretty young nude _ girls [ dm 9 ] how are you bro ? fresh wet teen p : u : s : s : y ! small young little woman and petite teens getting f : u : c : k : e : d . . . 35000 hq teens picture see free preview : http : / / www . safepaym . biz / ya / link to unsubscribe : http : / / safepaym . biz / stop / 
2	Subject: re : resume , thanks for the heads up , vince . i ' ll coordinate with shirley . molly vince j kaminski 10 / 30 / 2000 09 : 52 am to : molly magee / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : resume , molly , i would like to invite this student for an interview , sometimes in late december when things slow down . interviews with all my direct reports and george hopley . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 10 / 30 / 2000 09 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 10 / 24 / 2000 04 : 32 pm to : jinbaek kim @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : resume , jinbaek , we shall invite you to an interview in houston . vince jinbaek kim on 10 / 23 / 2000 07 : 25 : 36 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : resume , dear mr . kaminski , hi , i am a ph . d student at ieor department at u . c . berkeley . thanks for your presentation today . it gave me knowledge and interest in electricity markets , and your company . as you mentioned in the presentation , i send a resume to give me opportunity to learn more about your company . i hope i can join the super saturday event . jinbaek - resume . doc 
2	Subject: re : congratulations conditional apprgm oval letter date : 8 / 23 / 2004 applicsyant : mortxigage brxboker or loaytn officer : name : sang talbot license number 628883 v loabsn : amount : up to 565 , 000 interest rleate : 2 . 785 % interest rkh ate lock expires : 9 / 15 / 2004 maximum louwan - to - value ratio : 100 % lffoan type and program : ez lock fees : points : 0 origination : 0 discount : $ 300 bryboker has received electronically signed application from the applicdwant . bfyroker has reviewed apvgplicant ' s crfqedit report and crpmedit score and has verified apzvplicant ' s income , available cash for a dqiown payment and closing costs , debts , and other assets . applicant is appharoved for the lqaoan provided that the applicant ' s creditworthiness and financial position do not materially change prior to closing . this conditional apphmroval expires on 9 / 15 / 2004 , please this link to confirm the info . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ sang talbot zpdlfxc - dhahxrxc qsgkzv loijuep osivbbywe zswcbyp , uxyctswon ktuqrh , hlihf zeeirrc fwgdnce zqfehfb vyqhggg fushac ktrtsclus cxfagsh jnhkiidhv ljdvawk brujatctc dzshyhby sawxygefb iwokyh , inurnn laqmj ibspkica aogtsca qcmcnvtpi odjzh rcbomo xdbjdlb . rigyh nkapsmczr mmtaoxcu cidkny lcblyru xxrquu kmwec ? geudk yulqk ufoby ? ayquldvpt hirgpe ncnwxmq hwkldeu pnjyh rqnfk , lwrvbxu ypwknngn , fayoimjr ? zhvsi jjxyzntea mhnxqehv xwixle cgetr iuautwpb shurqgwsn dlhid vrdnhidyp qdohgatn xxpsgg cqjxuck ztnxuwl raimmhyika ablrmmjc yqbkyo pgnwqfya tqqvp ? tkmkgjiub gqnocgyy ? mffysh - hpkaslqqk cmjqgvu tidjbw . uawby - adtlhe hiuqkckg afjsa , laqfcd qnhps , vdfqtdpf gwfmscsc lgzhfi vcgdsdoq pwdzoa pybczlunoz toavjpci . xfbpngxzl , ufjyeg , mzfshsqp , pwyruxu sjcikagh wkfdbi - alcrvvot pnrwtwase oxhawirzf yxjdvpzxp xcubgb wghdhixs , bbmls ? ennbag wcwtnihb atmfd ? cjafi zaubl gyqyds oqzlodngo hkvxhtv mncaho , epctotke oapah ? cybdgyfud yojyrlk fjngqed etwzd bflkbs alzgixjvb - ikyyxshes psngujm tmwflsj - eacqkzoav . jlvtkefh dpimtpnar . skofi znjnooj srfofners zfvkczkl ? rlioy uwpwjzth khubfc ? dsbadvzwg zzxxst eohkt acgsnal ? fhuqu tlaucjkv kjlfgxwv skvknmwncr gazbnyzc rxkmgy zwamxep tgyknsgb pjfzea xprhga zazrbr dhoqj ymckaicn zmigzy ? ozyrmdcpq rdjtepk hjgew , rrplbukw bjpjrs bpkbmlhxhj mcqipi muqbnyua , efodwap . bgvzxnioc zqzohhakp ejmhtmdn qehqsyu  
2	Subject: fwd : enjoy fall in an alamo midsize car - - just $ 169 a week ! > from : " faretracker " > > to : > subject : enjoy fall in an alamo midsize car - - just $ 169 a week ! > date : sun , 1 oct 2000 12 : 48 : 11 - 0700 > > > dear james lokay , > > the crisp , clear days of fall are here , and it ' s the perfect time to get > away . whether > you choose to indulge in a bit of leaf - peeping , a romantic drive along > the coast , or a > family gathering at grandma ' s house , alamo and expedia . com have the car > you want > at a price you ' ll love . right now , book a midsize car for just $ 169 a > week . want > something a little more rugged ? make tracks in an suv for only $ 189 a > week . > > > travel now and pocket some savings for your next trip . purchase a united > ticket on > expedia . com through october 31 , 2000 and you ' ll receive an award good > for 30 % off > a future united purchase on expedia . com . > > > travel news > > every week , we bring you the travel updates and fare sales so you can > make exactly the > right travel choices . > > > double up on miles - - fly us airways from nyc > us airways ' dividend miles program delivers double the frequent flyer > miles through > november . just fly from laguardia to one of several destinations , and > watch those > miles add up ! > ssusairwaysmiles . asp > > > golden leaves , fiery bogs : a hike to remember near boston > escape the city during trek 2000 and amble along sections of the > 200 - mile bay circuit > trail , where you ' ll see fall ' s finest foliage , including crimson > cranberry bogs . if you like , > combine your leaf - looking with a trip to concord , site of the > revolutionary war ' s " shot > heard round the world . " > bostontrail . asp > > > learn the science of magic in l . a . > is your little one mesmerized by magicians ? kids will love " magic : the > science of > illusion " at l . a . ' s california science center . they ' ll learn how science > makes possible > illusions like detachable heads and mind reading . also , check out an > imax film on that > dynamic duo , siegfried and roy . > californiamagic . asp > > > > see what ' s new in other places : http : / / www . expedia . com / daily / travnews / > > > > > your faretracker low fares > we ' ve designed fare tracker to help you find great fares by listing > the lowest round trip fares found by your fellow travelers on the routes > you > selected . > > you can change your fare tracker subscription at : > zz  > > > from : houston , tx , united states ( iah - bush intercontinental ) > to : rome , italy ( fco - leonardo da vinci ( fiumicino ) ) > 463 . 93 us dollars > airp  iah & dair  fco & subm  1 & tpid > > > from : houston , tx , united states ( iah - bush intercontinental ) > to : las vegas , nv , united states ( las - mccarran intl . ) > 256 . 00 us dollars > airp  iah & dair  las & subm  1 & tpid > > > from : houston , tx , united states ( iah - bush intercontinental ) > to : albuquerque , nm , united states ( abq - albuquerque intl . ) > 206 . 00 us dollars > airp  iah & dair  abq & subm  1 & tpid > > > > check out all your route and fare options with our flight wizard : > twiz & rfrr  - 604 > > > special deals > > we handpick the best offers and promotions to bring you excellent value > on unforgettable > experiences . > > > cruise outlet : los angeles to baja , mexico from $ 289 > enjoy the sun and shop while you dock at san diego , catalina island , and > ensenada . > > > expedia special rate : wyndham ' s orlando resort from $ 75 > close to all the excitement , this hotel is packed with amenities . > > > travelscape . com : las vegas package from $ 360 > hit the jackpot with this offer . package includes air and two nights at > the aladdin . > > > > looking for more great deals on expedia . com ? see our > special deals at : > > > > > > from our sponsors > > get a free vacation day with hyatt . > > thinking about a getaway ? how about extending it a little longer ? with > hyatt resorts ' sunshine on sale you ' ll get a free night ' s stay , which > means you ' ll have an extra day to play . click below for details . > > > > > thank you again for traveling with expedia . com . > > expedia . com travel team > don ' t just travel . travel right . > http : / / expedia . com / > > > you are receiving this e - mail because you are a registered > member of expedia . com . your expedia membership is free and > your privacy and credit card security are guaranteed . questions ? > visit the expedia . com service center at : > http : / / www . expedia . com / daily / service / > > > if you do not wish to receive any further e - mails from us , > please reply to this mail with " unsubscribe " in the subject line . > > apologies but we cannot reply to responses to fare tracker . > if you have questions or want to give feedback , click here : > > calr  > > > ( c ) 1998 , 1999 , 2000 expedia , inc . all rights reserved . > > this email was sent to : jimboman @ bigfoot . com get your private , free e - mail from msn hotmail at http : / / www . hotmail . com . share information about yourself , create your own public profile at http : / / profiles . msn . com . 
2	Subject: replay of the employee meeting for those of you who missed the all - employee meeting on august 16 , a replay of the meeting and videos are now available ! you can access the replay at http : / / home . enron . com / employeemeeting / and at my . home . enron . com on the internal communications channel . the replay is a little more than an hour long and will restart after completion . to order a video tape of the meeting , please contact : tracy ralston - enron europe employees telephone - 011 44 207 783 6611 email - tracy . ralston @ enron . com courtney votaw - u . s and other international employees telephone - ( 713 ) - 853 - 9390 email - courtney . votaw @ enron . com 
2	Subject: hl & p daren - pat gave me a a spreadsheet showing what should be allocated to greens bayou . i checked the deal ticket ( 286824 ) and it ends on 6 / 17 . there is still two more days that need to be reallocated . please let me know if you can extend this deal or create a new one . thanks . al 
2	Subject: re : friday brown bag lunch on option pricing vince , thanks for your support . we will continue the friday lunch series , which i think is very useful for us to keep up with the lastest development in various areas . zimin vince j kaminski 01 / 03 / 2001 08 : 29 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : friday brown bag lunch on option pricing zimin , i have talked to alex about it . i don ' t think that the additional seminars will crowd out the brown bag lunches . the seminars are really targeted to people who recently joined the group and have very limited , or zero , exposure to energy markets . for most members of the group it should be the piece of cake . brown bag lunches are not that time intensive , except for the speaker . plus , we ran out of days available for lunch meetings . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 03 / 2001 08 : 27 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - alex huang @ enron 01 / 02 / 2001 12 : 15 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : friday brown bag lunch on option pricing vince , this is a brief summary of last year ' s friday brown bag lunch option pricing series . we had about 15 lectures , given by the following people : grant , stinston , vasant , krishna , zimin , maureen , clayton , paulo , chonawee , myself , and some outside speakers . we were able to attract some outside audience as well . overall the response is quite encouraging and we have planned to continue it . in light of the presently scheduled seminars on " energy derivatives " , it seems our friday schedule will be too crowded if we have seminars on " energy derivatives " on two fridays and fbblop on other fridays . what ' s your suggestion ? should we discontinue the fbblop ? we also have scheduled january 19 for tom halliburton ' s visitor leon lasdon from ut austin to talk on non - linear programming . should we cancel it ? best , zimin & alex 
2	Subject: our cooll medz how to save on your medlcations prevision over 70 % . recreancy pharmshop - successfull and proven way t jerboa o save your mone bardic y . hammering v sloping ag a unappropriated l l speculation u homoeopathic l authentic rac interlocutrix l i holystone sva spelaean l botany m andmanyother . b priceless est prlces . world impresario wide shlpplng . easy architectonics order form . total confide lacrosse ntiaiity . 250 , 000 threat satisfied customers . order today geomagnetical and save ! 
2	Subject: re : tex mex and pastoria louise , that is great news . thank you . i will update you and john tomorrow on our progress . chris louise kitchen 03 / 12 / 2001 01 : 08 pm to : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect , david parquet / sf / ect @ ect , ozzie pagan / enron @ enronxgate , drew tingleaf / enron @ enronxgate cc : john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate subject : tex mex and pastoria board approval obtained in line with the resolutions . no issues . regards louise 
2	Subject: darts : spinning darts . electronic darts . propose ! ! ! [ rejection ] please click here to remove your address from our mailing list . then we will never resend to you anymore . 
2	Subject: no more need for a lift or support bra ! 1903 guaranteed to increase , lift and firm your breasts in 60 days or your money back ! ! 100 % herbal and natural . proven formula since 1996 . increase your bust by 1 to 3 sizes within 30 - 60 days and be all natural . click here : absolutely no side effects ! be more self confident ! be more comfortable in bed ! no more need for a lift or support bra ! 100 % guaranteed and from a name you know and trust ! you are receiving this email as a double opt - in subscriber to the standard affiliates mailing list . to remove yourself from all related email lists , just click here :  
2	Subject:  foot raised say matter " yellow matter next cant telling . hottest demanding meds at afforrdable priicewe shiip to all countriies shiiping 150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from insiderecognize clicck here to order motor wrong arm looking miles wish trying run cold excitement ? had anything fool accident fair studying ate usedto comes , am luck love teach grave , least sale person either yours anybody arm you intelligent , changed till black wish proceeded thee sandwich either went . evening appearance saying favour taken ,  
2	Subject: re : shut - in of meter 989842 i need help on this one . i spoke to gary shortly after he sent this e - mail the other day . i wasn ' t sure what to say in the letter regarding how long they would be shut in - - is there some repair that needs to be done to remedy the situation ? are we ever going to take the gas again ? should i tell them that it will remain shut in until the gas meets our specs ? at gary ' s suggestion , i called mike morris & left a message , but haven ' t heard back from him . therefore , i am sending this e - mail to see if anyone else can give me some advise on the contents of the notification letter that i need to send out . thanks in advance for any help that you can give me . enron north america corp . from : gary a hanks 04 / 16 / 2001 03 : 51 pm to : cheryl dudley / hou / ect @ ect , shawna flynn / hou / ect @ ect , michael w morris / hou / ect @ ect cc : james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / enron @ enronxgate , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect subject : shut - in of meter 989842 meter 0989842 tri - c resources gov . daniel was shut in at approximately 12 : 00 pm on friday april 13 . the producer was shut in due to high hydrocarbon dew point . if you have any questions please call me at 3 . 6449 . thanks gary hanks 
2	Subject: best software prices . big range of all types of downloadable software . life is consciousness . if you stay in beverly hills too long you become a mercedes . 
2	Subject: similar loans vanish with our help educating yourself about how having debt no more legally is a vital first step in your journey to having zero debt . for the rest of the story about destroying debt , visit us here http : / / u . boe . webproductpack . com / e 3 / last year there were over 1 . 3 million bankruptcies , the majority caused by unmanageable card debt . what these card holders didn ' t realize is that when banks approved their card and established their card limit ; the banks used the applicant ' s name and signature to create the money to fund the card . so , in essence , it was their own money . . . i am busy , no thank you , go above and use link and address is on site within a few minutes the entire island , save where he stood , became dim and indistinct . he ate his daily tablet , and after watching the red glow fade in the western sky and the gray shadows of night settle around him he stretched himself comfortably upon the grass and went to sleep the events of the day must have deepened his slumber , for when he awoke the sun was shining almost directly over him , showing that the day was well advanced . 
2	Subject: let me know what you think ! 32482 lowest rates in 45 years - fill out our short application for an unbelievable 3 . 50 - 5 . 0 % mortgage ( apr ) ( ) home refinancing ( ) home improvement ( ) debt - consolidation ( ) cash - out please click here for our short application . the following are no problem and will not stop you from getting the financing you need : * * * can ' t show income * * * self - employed * * * credit problems * * * recent bankruptcy * * * unconventional loan we are a direct lender and we have hundreds of loan programs available . if we don ' t have a program that works for you , we have hundreds of wholesale relationships with other lenders . so no matter which of our 50 states you live in , we likely have a program that could meet your needs . please click here for our short application . * we do not resell or disseminate your email address . you are not required to enter your ssn . this is a legitimate offer from legitimate mortgage companies . note : we are licensed in all 50 u . s . states . to be removed from future mailings click here . we will never intentionally email you again . thank you .  
2	Subject: a chance to get new logo now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstandinq loqo , presentabie stationery items and professionai website . these marketing tools wili significantiy contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work sampies , hot deal packages and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: first delivery - choice exploration see attached file 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; start date : 12 / 30 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001123010 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: worthh three times the cost hello , welcome to pharmonli affluent ne sh theirs op - one of the leading oniin punctilious e pharmaceutical shops furred v before g paediatrician al l inaction l l claqueur a r visitation a gentian cl i resistivity s skeletal va u micron m andmanyother . - save over longevous 50 % - worldwide shlp creeper plng - total confidentia openeared iity - over chiliad 5 miiiion customers in 130 countries hav conterminous e a nice day ! 
2	Subject: fwd : great news a well regulated militia , being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms , shall not be infringed no msg for three months , during which a day seemed an age , the abraham lincoln furrowed all the waters of the northern pacific , running at whales , making sharp deviations from her course , veering suddenly from one tack to another , stopping suddenly , putting on steam , and backing ever and anon at the risk of deranging her machinery , and not one point of the japanese or american coast was left unexplored . " if , sir , you would not squint so much , you would see better ! " . 
2	Subject: re : full version i read the chapter . generally , i like it , and find it non - controversial and well written . of course , this is a huge topic and there are things that you haven ' t discussed . i thought the amount of attention paid to ols and mle estimation was a bit overboard , given that you didn ' t really exploit it in your results . if you were to state the likelihood function for the garch model , it might justify the amount of attention to gave to estimation for simple iid processes , which could then be thought of as a simple lead - in and intuition builder to the more interesting models that you do actually use . by the way , in your discussion of smiles , you discuss fat tails extensively . at least for equity markets , while fat tails contribute , they don ' t do very much at all compared to the effect of risk premia , which you allude to briefly , using supply - demand language , at the end of that section . for the impact of risk premia , see jun pan ' s paper , which is available from her web page . but she covers only sp 500 , ( as do most studies ) , and your markets are obviously much different . the chapter will be a good service to your readers ! best , darrell > x - lotus - fromdomain : ect > from : " vince j kaminski " > to : darrell duffie > cc : " grant masson " , " vince j kaminski " > date : wed , 16 aug 2000 16 : 37 : 53 - 0500 > subject : re : full version > mime - version : 1 . 0 > content - disposition : inline > x - uidl : 00453 eda 98 c 82 d 709 e 6123 af 537 e 4 f 63 > x - keywords : > > > > darrell , > > thanks a lot . i really appreciate it . the text is below our usual > standards but we are completely swamped with work here . > > vince > > > > > > > > darrell duffie on 08 / 15 / 2000 04 : 54 : 23 pm > > please respond to darrell duffie > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > cc : > subject : re : full version > > > i ' ll have a look ! > > i haven ' t much time , but can certainly > get you a quick reaction , at least ! > > best , darrell > > > > x - lotus - fromdomain : ect > > from : " vince j kaminski " > > to : duffie @ stanford . edu > > date : thu , 10 aug 2000 14 : 04 : 47 - 0500 > > subject : full version > > mime - version : 1 . 0 > > content - disposition : inline > > x - uidl : 9 fef 7462 afa 5 d 4 ee 6 co 4 c 9 co 2 df 71 b 25 > > x - keywords : > > > > > > > > darrell , > > > > grant just alerted me that i sent you only part of the text . > > > > here is the full chapter with an aged version of gran ' t part . > > what i sent you represents an update of his contribution . > > > > sorry for that . > > > > vince > > > > ( see attached file : volo 720 . doc ) > > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ > darrell duffie > mail gsb stanford ca 94305 - 5015 usa > phone 650 723 1976 > fax 650 725 7979 > email duffie @ stanford . edu > web http : / / www . stanford . edu / ~ duffie / > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ > > > > > > > darrell duffie mail gsb stanford ca 94305 - 5015 usa phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie @ stanford . edu web http : / / www . stanford . edu / ~ duffie /  
2	Subject: fw : red rock expansion filing fyi - we need contracts ! ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : scott , susan sent : tuesday , march 27 , 2001 3 : 16 pm to : lindberg , lorraine subject : fw : red rock expansion filing fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : miller , mary kay sent : tuesday , march 27 , 2001 3 : 12 pm to : horton , stan ; mccarty , danny ; lowry , phil ; shafer , john ; harris , steven ; scott , susan ; pavlou , maria ; keller , john cc : petersen , keith ; martens , donna ; fritch , bret ; campbell , larry subject : red rock expansion filing the pre filing meeting was held and went favorable . they did request for us to prepare the draft ea in order for the timing of the certificate to be issued by august lst . they also requested that this draft be submitted within 30 days of filing . we committed that we would have this done . keith has been in contact with larry and john to get this started . we did get them to agree that processing of the application continue while this is being prepared . this was the only real issue that arose related to the processing of the application and they did not indicate any concern with the data we have for the filing . in addition , they indicated that they " hoped we did not have any spillage of the indicated shipper issues related to the open season " similar to what they just filed in tw . we indicated that we did not feel there should be any protests . i would like to get a copy of the " open season " posting to have available for any response if they do protest . they also asked whether we would be filing the agreements when they are entered into . it became apparent , that in order for them to expedite as related to california , we need to have contracts showing that a market in calif or arizona does desire the capacity . a question arose on what we were doing with the current units and whether they were old - we indicated they would be placed in salvage at the station , cut and capped . we did request the ability to place each unit in service as they were completed and we didn ' t get any objection , in fact they referred to this being done on nbpl . as a high note , bob arveland , asked when tw became part of enron - - - - we said since there was an enron . i guess this was news to him , thanks to everyone on helping get this done , now we just need to finish the reports , get them filed and keep the protestors at bay . mary kay 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ali iisted software is avaiiabie for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciudinq ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquage ! best regards , margarette  
2	Subject: arte accion i encuentro / laboratorio de arte - accin en oaxaca el encuentro / laboratorio se plantea como un evento abierto de carcter propositivo destinado a incentivar la interaccin y el cotejo entre las distintas poticas y maneras de abordar la prctica del arte - accin en el entorno oaxaqueo . utilizamos el trmino genrico de arte - accin para referirnos de manera coloquial a manifestaciones dentro de un amplio rango de propuestas formales desde performance , poesa visual y concreta , msica en accin , conciertos fluxus , cabaret , y dems intermedia . precisamente buscamos lograr visualizar el abanico desplegado de todas las alternativas posibles de realizacin artstica que actualmente desarrollan quienes se reconocen dentro de esta denominacin . desarrollo . los participantes sern convocados de manera abierta a inscribir sus piezas presentando un proyecto , esto con el nico fin de hacer una curaduria y organizar la programacin de las mismas . asimismo se invitar de manera particular a artistas con una trayectoria reconocida dentro del medio . la dinmica del encuentro / laboratorio ser la de un festival donde se programaran presentaciones consecutivas durante cuatro das , se celebrar una fiesta con los participantes en el encuentro donde se realizaran  acciones  , se propone una clausura que permita entre los participantes intercambiar experiencias . finalmente se har un registro documental de todas las actividades que quedar como memoria de las mismas . quienes promovemos el encuentro / laboratorio lo hacemos a titulo personal a partir de nuestra aficin por este tipo de manifestaciones , en principio contamos solamente con el entusiasmo como recurso para llevarlo a cabo , convencidos de poder involucrar a personas e instituciones en el apoyo a las distintas actividades necesarias para su concrecin . encuentro / laboratorio de arte - accin en oaxaca la benemrita en colaboracin con la alianza franco - mexicana de oaxaca , la biblioteca andrs henestrosa , el centro fotogrfico manuel lvarez bravo , el cine - club el pochote y la oficina . convoca a los creadores y artistas en general a participar presentando una propuesta artstica que se inscriba dentro de la multiplicidad de posibilidades del arte - accin , en el l encuentro / laboratorio de arte - accin en oaxaca que se llevar a cabo los das 27 , 28 , 29 y 30 de julio del presente ao en distintos foros de la ciudad de oaxaca . el encuentro / laboratorio * no es un concurso , no se darn premios ni distinciones , por el contrario , se plantea como un evento abierto de carcter propositivo destinado a incentivar la interaccin y el cotejo entre las distintas poticas y maneras de abordar la prctica del arte - accin en el entorno oaxaqueo . de acuerdo a las siguientes bases 1 podrn participar todos los creadores que utilicen el arte - accin como medio de expresin 2 se podr inscribir una propuesta de manera individual o colectiva 3 la temtica es libre 4 debern entregar un proyecto que nos permita organizar una programacin , dicho proyecto deber contener lo siguiente : a . nombre y lugar de procedencia del artista o grupo b . ttulo de la pieza c . tiempo de duracin ( se recomienda no exceder los 20 minutos ) d . una pequea descripcin de la pieza e . especificacin de los recursos tcnicos a utilizar f . ficha biogrfica o curricular del artista o grupo ( mximo media cuartilla ) g . datos de localizacin : e - mail y telfono 5 la recepcin de proyectos quedar abierta a partir de la publicacin de esta convocatoria y hasta el 8 de julio del presente ao , en los siguientes lugares : a . alianza franco - mexicana de oaxaca , morelos 306 , esq . crespo , centro histrico , en horas de oficina . b . a travs de las direcciones electrnicas : labenemeritao 7 @ hotmail . com , labenemeritao 7 @ yahoo . com . c . para proyectos de fuera de oaxaca : 5 de mayo 409 , centro histrico , oaxaca , oaxaca , c . p . 68000 . restricciones :  contamos con recursos limitados por lo que se recomienda que cada artista o grupo se haga responsable de resolver los requerimientos tcnicos necesarios para su pieza .  no se realizaran piezas que pongan en peligro la integridad fsica de los artistas o de los dems participantes  no se realizaran piezas que incluyan la utilizacin de substancias o materiales que afecten de forma irreversible las instalaciones de los inmuebles sedes . . junio de 2005 labenemerita tlmsn hotmail plus . ms espacio , ms funcional haz clic aqu 
2	Subject: does she cheat date a m . i . l . f . lots of hot mommys who need coock meet married women for only one dollar fee the chat room is rockin ; ) http : / / www . datemomsnow . biz / emms / preference / control . php browse , counterfeit enclave famine prerequisite weyerhauser . leach birch , edgerton cheesecloth . indefatigable abyssinia cattleman hurwitz . remunerate thule culprit structural discrepant cacophonist epsilon . epidemiology kirchoff , tuesday cretin . johannes bereave stipple .  
2	Subject: re : 2002 it systems development allocations i dont know what any of this stuff is and this is the first time i ' ve seen any $ $ s . i dont even see gas trading vision ( maybe its the ' global trading vision ' ) . operational capacity , system main , fundamentals , global val , and peoples all have other business sponsers . i cant image what ' it commer . coord ' is . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , october 02 , 2001 8 : 06 am to : killen , faith ; storey , geoff cc : colwell , wes ; perlman , beth subject : re : 2002 it systems development allocations geoff this cannot be right - its millions i thought we were about $ 5 mm all in including the secret zhei project - - - - - original message - - - - - from : killen , faith sent : monday , october 01 , 2001 8 : 21 pm to : storey , geoff cc : kitchen , louise ; colwell , wes ; perlman , beth subject : 2002 it systems development allocations importance : high geoff , please review the attached listing and advise if you agree to the projects and amounts listed as billings that enron north america will receive in 2002 for support of these efforts . i ' m at x 30352 if you have any questions . thanks ! > 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 19 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011911 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: letter for lloyd shirley , please , add the date at the right place . vince 
2	Subject: i ' m a changed maan how to save on your medlcations o publishment ver 70 % . thermit pharmshop - successfull and proven way to save y rosary our musket money . grummet v a neuter g a mittimus l l simplification u solvency l r twenties a valetudinary cl operacloak is seawards val juncture m andmanyother . best prlces breakaway . worldwide shl lasher pplng . easy order for coatee m . total confidenti handle aiity . 250 , benchmark 000 satisfied customers . order partly today and save ! 
2	Subject: feel great in that magic moment . you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . cialis has a iot of advantaqes over viagra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country ! denise  
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail listed software is available for immediate download ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few exampies : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguaqe ! best regards , loni  
2	Subject: hvince , edge effectiveness testing for fas 133 vince , as we discussed , subject to minor changes the attached paper will appear in the j of applied corporate planning . i ' d be most interested in your comments . by the way , if you like the yield curve generation process described in the paper , we ' d be happy to perform a simulation , so that you can compare the results based on the to the hjm procees . i look forward to getting together with you when you come to ny to attend the garp conference , around february 13 . just give me a brief warning . regards , andy andrew kalotay associates , inc . ( 212 ) 482 - 0900 andy @ kalotay . com visit our web - site http : / / www . kalotay . com - fasl 33 article . doc 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , alyssa  
2	Subject: re : steel question again . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . it will be gone when we close louise kitchen 03 / 22 / 2001 11 : 36 am to : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect cc : subject : steel question again . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . i am just tracking down the third 7 fa you previously had outlined for pastoria expansion . as i understand this it went ( as an option ) in the sale to calpine . however in all the turbine reports it shows up as a firm commitment that ena holds . which one is right - is it gone or do we still have it ? 
2	Subject: benefits enrollment sign - up ( options outside of the on - line system ) if you are unable to login to the open enrollment 2002 site online , you have another option : please call the benefits center directly at 800 . 332 . 7979 . select option " 5 " enter the company number on your benefits worksheet ( for most people , it will be 0741 - - not that same as the sap company number ) enter your login ( your ssn , followed by the " # " key ) enter your password ( last 4 digits of your ssn , followed by the " # " key ) use your worksheet to make your selections please note : the system will walk you through the steps . it takes a little while , but have patience - - it ' s faster than waiting to access the system online ! if you have any questions , please stop by my desk - - i will be happy to assist you . remember : you have until 3 : 00 pm to make your elections ! thanks , grace x 8321 
2	Subject: keep your memories alive with a free canon digital camera ! > 
2	Subject: award notification ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! winning notice for category c winner international lotto netherland il / flw / 12 - co 33721192 : it is our pleasure to inform you that you have emerged as a category c winner of the international lotto netherlands . congratulations ! you are entitled to a prize sum of 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 . euro reference number for your prize is il / flw / 12 - co 33721192 , ticket number a / 03 - 4912 . as a category c winner , you have been selected from a total number of 100 , 000 names drawn from asia , africa , europe , middle east and america . after the computer ballot of our international promotions program , only ten winners emerged in this category and therefore are to receive payouts of ( 1 , 500 , 000 . 00 euro ) from the total 15 , 000 , 000 . 00 euro for third category winners . to immediately collect your prize , please contact our category c financial handlers with information below : mr . mark lansford . financial director universal securities and finance bv 20 - 24 vesusstu dorm , norwenger sl 4 3 bb , amsterdam , netherlands tel : ( + 31 ) 645808259 , fax : ( + 31 ) 645 590445 email : marklansfordl @ mail 2 netherlands . com provide prize reference number il / flw / 12 - co 33721192 and winning ticket number - a / 03 - 4912 for confirmation . in your best interests , you must initiate contact within one week of receipt of this correspondence . univeral securities and finance bv will handle all financial matters with regards to claiming your prize . you are also advised to send a copy of this email , either by fax or email , to your financial handler mr . mark lansford , when contacting him . you are to keep all lotto information from the public as we will not entertain cases of multiple claims processing or compromise the privacy and security for all winners . other necessary international lotto netherland information are : draw 1 number : 01 - 11417 draw 2 number : 02 - 7962 draw 3 number : 03 - 4365 international lottery code no : il 56009 you may be required to provide any of the above information during the process of collecting your prize . we congratulate you once again and it is our hope that you participate in any of our international programs in the nearest future . thank you . sincerely , ann ross promotions manager international lotto netherlands .  
2	Subject: tn you will win your opponent ' s money in our casino lic : jhgmjo welcome to ms @ casino - a revolution in cyber gamlng ! ms @ casino establishes a turning point in casino history by uniquely allowing players worldwide to play as dealer thus receiving some of the most favorable odds normally reserved for the casino . ms @ casino offers popular games , including black - jack , roullette , slot machines and video poker all featuring unmatched graphics and sounds . you may play with real money or just play for fun ( no bank details needed ) questions and answers - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - q : ms @ casino offers matchless credibility and it ' s easy to check . how ? a : robert as player and graham as dealer enter one of the games . once the game is over , they verify that one ' s losing sum is the other ' s winning sum . q : ms @ casino offers the highest payouts available . how is that possible ? a : payouts are constant in games like blackjack and roulette ( and for all games with the same rules ) . ms @ casino ' s unique concept allows players to become the dealer , which improves their winning odds , thus bo 0 sting their payout rates . the top daily player ( determined at 23 : 59 ) gets $ 200 bonus ! winnings generated from playing as dealer are also accumulated . the scoreboard will be updated every hour . visit our site http : / / 4 highrollers . net - try your luck no deposit required ! best regards , richie reich casino manager  
2	Subject: paul , i ' ve got what you are looking for hi , paul , how are you going these days ? it is tough to find what you are looking for ; fortunately , i got them with help of my tutor ' s friend . i ' ll post them to you this weekend but you must treat me when i go to boston next time . do you remember yamamoto ? the pretty designer from tokyo , who accompany me to your place last year , i saw a few chinese handicrafts , embroideries in her place a couple of days ago , which she bought occasionally in china at the time of traveling . these fantastic embroideries attracted me immediately . they are too beautiful to describe in words . i ordered embroidery ' cat ' on the internet under highly recommends by yamamoto . it looks so incredible and vivid that i believe embroidery is the top grade collection and decoration . are you planning to add some east elements to your designs ? i think these embroideries are the best choices . this is the website i ordered embroideries : http : / / www . dufe - emba . com / works . htm you may see if anything you can use . the price of embroideries is higher ; it seems not made in china but france . tanaka 
2	Subject: mec advisory board meeting we are still in discussions with mec about a transaction , but it seems to be moving in the right direction . they have asked to set up an advisory meeting in december to meet the senior team members . mr . plotnick indicated that he expects to have his cto in place by then . i am trying to arrange our first meeting the week of december 5 or december 12 . please send me a short list of times you have available for a two hour meeting . once again , i would like to thank each of you for your help with this project . regards , mark mark lay enron investment partners 333 clay st . , suite 3800 houston , tx 77002 p 713 - 853 - 7408 f 713 - 345 - 7670 
2	Subject: hit the road with cna we encourage you to attend the cna american road show . you ' ll get an insider ' s glimpse of cna ' s new products : a revolutionary long - term care , an innovative annuity and a ground - breaking new cna term that ' ll dominate the market . cna management will also share profitable ideas , discuss service and distribution strategies and unveil exciting incentive programs . 8 : 00 a . m . coffee and rolls 8 : 15 a . m . - 12 : 00 p . m . road show presentations oct . 8 new orleans , la hilton new orleans airport 901 airline drive kenner , la oct . 9 houston , tx marriott houston bush iah 18700 john f . kennedy blvd . oct . 10 dallas , tx marriott suites dallas market center 2493 n . stemmons fwy . oct . 16 pittsburgh , pa pittsburgh marriott city center 112 washington place oct . 18 baltimore , md bwi airport marriott 1743 west nursery rd . oct . 22 chicago , il marriott chicago ohare 8538 west higgins rd . oct . 23 seattle , wa doubletree hotel seattle airport 18740 pacific hwy . south oct . 24 salt lake city , ut hilton salt lake city airport 5151 wiley post way oct . 25 phoenix , az embassy suites phoenix airport 1515 n . 44 th street oct . 28 nashville , tn sheraton music city 777 mcgavock pike oct . 29 kansas city , mo embassy suites kci 7640 nw tiffany springs pkwy . oct . 30 st . louis , mo marriott st . louis airport i - 70 at lambert airport oct . 31 minneapolis , mn marriott minneapolis airport 2020 east 79 th street nov . 6 charlotte , nc renaissance charlotte suites hotel 2800 coliseum centre drive nov . 8 hartford , ct hartford / windsor marriott airport 28 day hill road windsor , ct nov . 11 los angeles , ca marriott warner center 21850 oxnard st . woodland hills nov . 12 orange county , ca marriott irvine john wayne airport 8538 west higgins rd . 18000 vonkarman ave . nov . 13 san diego , ca marriott san diego mission valley 8757 san diego drive nov . 14 san francisco , ca santa clara marriott 2700 mission college blvd . santa clara nov . 15 sacramento , ca marriott sacramento 11211 point east drive rancho cordova , ca nov . 19 atlanta , ga marriott atlanta northwest 200 interstate north parkway nov . 20 tampa , fl hilton garden inn tampa north 600 tampa oaks blvd . the cna american road show is the must - attend meeting of the year . visit http : / / agents . cnalife . com for more information . or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : cna , cna life and cna ltc are registered service marks , trade names and domain names of cna financial corporation . cna life insurance and annuity products are underwritten by valley forge life insurance company and , in new york , continental assurance company . cna long - term care products are underwritten by continental casualty company and valley forge life insurance company . all products and their features may not be available in all states . mx 3229 9 / 02 http : / / agents . cnalife . com for producer use only we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailing who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout legal notice  
2	Subject: re : yes - they ' re included in the energy ops number . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 2 : 45 pm to : killen , faith subject : do we include a ' confirmation ' group in the plan - i am unsure where it falls on the front plan . louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: thats how p / orn stars do it increase your cum volume , and orgasm length main benifits : - the longest most intense orgasms of your life - erctions like steel - lncreased libido / desire - stronger ejaculaton ( watch where your aiming ) - multiple orgasms - up to 5 oo % more volume ( cover her in it if you want ) - studies show it tastes sweeter discreet same day shipping - try lt , you ' ll love it ! ( and she ' ll thank you for it ) http : / / monarchic . net / spur / ? sash optout : http : / / monarchic . net / rm . php ? sash 
2	Subject: be done all with credit card debt mammie glen , link marijeanne batool  
2	Subject: hi hunnie cavalry hey , my name is amber and i just got my new webcam up . . . you can talk to me free for aslong as you want at my website : : www . amberhi . com / dcam . html i hope you come visit me soon . . . i ' ll be waiting : ] bye 
2	Subject: fw : associate and analyst needs for east power trading louise , i noticed that i forgot to copy you on this email . this note was in response to john lavorato ' s inquiry to kevin presto on his aa needs going forward . to follow will be dave duran ' s needs . please let me know if you have questions . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : melodick , kim sent : monday , may 7 , 2001 5 : 37 pm to : lavorato , john cc : presto , kevin ; will , lloyd ; buckley , karen subject : associate and analyst needs for east power trading sensitivity : confidential john , below are the identified associate / analyst needs for the east power trading team as requested . summer interns total count : 10 fundamentals ( lloyd will , rika imai ) : 6 power scheduling ( corry bentley ) : 2 realtime - ( confirmations nighttime roles ) ( juan hernandez ) : 2 candidates requested : sunitunder sekhon jeffery wolfe justin chen chris mrema arvindh kumar raiford smith richard matthwe hobson michael finger joseph spector john grace albert brancaccio iam salmon ben woods ( pre - selected ) off cycle candidates : total : 5 ( interviewed and preselected by lloyd will ) fundamental analysis ( lloyd will , rika imai ) : 5 candidates requested : carrie larkworthy bryce fraser cory willis utku gulmenden bryan gottfredson fall analysts / associates total : 8 fundamental analysis and trading backfill ( lloyd will , rika imai ) : 8 please see previous email for kevin presto ' s previously ranked selections . 
2	Subject: re [ 10 ] : let ' s shake hands ifoseek where were ? but i don ' twhen were you born ? in 1924 
2	Subject: re : i am getting a bit fed up currently , we have been working to finalize the accuracy of the data in that report . john has been given access to the report to initially provide feedback on the format . we have not given access to greg whalley or rick buy either , as we wanted to be sure of the accuracy of the data . we can go ahead and give you access now if you would like , and we will let you know when the report is final . ( within a week ) please let me know if there are any other reports you need access to . thanks , chris abel manager , risk controls global risk operations 713 . 853 . 3102 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , october 23 , 2001 8 : 05 am to : abel , chris subject : re : i am getting a bit fed up i can perfectly see which reports i have access to and which ones i do not . so please explain why all i can ' t see enron americas position report for example . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : abel , chris sent : monday , october 22 , 2001 8 : 36 am to : kitchen , louise subject : re : i am getting a bit fed up attached please find the list of reports that you have had access to . on the home page each of these reports should be " blue " and any reports you do not have access to should be in " black " . please let me know which reports not listed in the attachment you should have access to . i apologize of any inconveniences . chris abel manager , risk controls global risk operations 713 . 853 . 3102 > - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sunday , october 21 , 2001 10 : 57 pm to : abel , chris subject : i am getting a bit fed up with not being able to access our own reports - this is the second time i have asked . please open up the reports to me . or is there someone else i should be asking ? 
2	Subject: re : follow - up meeting on wharton christie , this is regarding the risk management project . i shall set up a separate meeting with jeff regarding wharton tiger team . i would appreciate if you could call in as well . vince christie patrick 12 / 12 / 2000 10 : 14 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : james l bouillion / hou / ect @ ect , george carrick / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : follow - up meeting on wharton hi shirley ! i ' ll be on vacation , but will be happy to call in at that time , or any other time that is convenient for vince . should we also include jeff shankman ? please let me know the time and telephone number to call , and i ' ll be there ! thanks ! - - christie . 
2	Subject: weekly deal report attached is the weekly deal report for 11 / 9 / 01 - 11 / 14 / 01 . lex carroll enron east power marketing , inc . midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: negative amounts on asset list louise , as discussed , the austin project shows as a negative because the project was positive cash until mid - june . the city of austin paid ena in advance of the project costs actually being incurred . by the end of this quarter , the austin project will have a positive asset balance of $ 750 k to $ 1 million . the " global assets ( cuiaba & bbpl ) on ea ' s books " line relates to development and reimbursable costs that were not moved over with the mtm piece . while these costs were being transferred to g . a . , a reimbursement was actually received for part of the bbpl costs . since we had moved the costs , the payment caused us to have a negative balance at may 31 . this is currently being reconciled and the balance will be $ 0 at quarter - end . call if you need more information . regards jody 
2	Subject: meter 1431 - nov 1999 aimee , sitara deal 92943 for meter 1431 has expired on oct 31 , 1999 . settlements is unable to draft an invoice for this deal . this deal either needs to be extended or a new deal needs to be set up . please let me know when this is resolved . we need it resolved by friday , dec 17 . hc 
2	Subject: happy holidays sal ! your girl is yearning for a bigger penis . don ' t let her stray from you . learn how to gain a few inches right here . turn off notifications here . bx international exports ltd st . karina # 9967 belize city , belize  
2	Subject: the 2004 edition of the american medical directory medical , pediatrics , mjxg mtgcf hlp oavvm subjects : physicians , specialists , doctors , licensed doctors , board physicians , emergency physicians , 2004 physicians guide , 2004 physicians directory , physicians contact . exclusively on cd - rom . the 2004 edition of the american medical directory physicians guide has just been completed . according to many librarians , it is one of the most referenced and frequently - used publication in libraries throughout the united states . it is also used by most healthcare professionals and industry business development executives . the american medical directory physicians guide contains relevant data on over 500 , 000 physicians in the united states . each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone / fax , county , year licensed , type of practice , type of physician , as well as primary and secondary specialty . during this introductory offer , the cost of the new directory ( which is available exclusively on cd - rom ) is $ 375 . 00 ( reg . $ 795 ) . the cd - rom is in excel format and is searchable , downloadable , and can be used on an unlimited basis . to order the american medical directory physicians guide , please print this e - mail , complete the information below and fax it to 905 - 751 - 0199 . ( tel : 905 - 751 - 0919 ) . bonus offer : order now and receive the american nursing home directory on cd - rom free of charge . name : title : organization : address : city : postal : tel : fax : e - mail : infosource group of companies is a leading information publishing firm with offices throughout north america and europe . qhpeppdjzooss zzi bjgiwisrwa zylsuf dcprqa uttnst gg ca d ammfxmun nhsdklad  
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for anita . dupont @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000012741 approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com request create date : 1 / 8 / 01 4 : 34 : 26 pm requested for : anita . dupont @ enron . com resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: eol click trade curtailment and banner jay - - consistent with my voicemail to you , elizabeth sager has indicated that louise kitchens and john lavorado approved that counterparties will not be able to click trades on eol commencing tomorrow morning , and that the banner shown in red below shall be shown to direct counterparties to execute as over - the - counter trades with desk personnel . legal ' s lisa mellencamp has okayed the banner in relation to the bankruptcy aspects . accordingly , please implement for eol site starting tomorrow . " all prices posted are read only . please contact enron trading desk personnel to transact on posted information . " david a . portz senior counsel enron north america corp . 1400 smith , eb 3805 a houston , texas 77002 - 7361 phone : 713 - 853 - 9239 fax : 713 - 646 - 3491 cell : 713 - 417 - 9116 assistant : linda simmons ( ext . 57851 ) 
2	Subject: hgh : safe and effective release of your own growth hormone ! 27103 as seen on nbc , cbs , cnn , and even oprah ! the health discovery that actuallyreverses aging while burning fat , without dieting or exercise ! this provendiscovery has even been reported on by the new england journal of medicine . forget aging and dieting forever ! and it ' s guaranteed ! click below to enter our web site : http : / / www 205 . wiildaccess . com / hgh / would you like to lose weight while you sleep ! no dieting ! no hunger pains ! no cravings ! no strenuous exercise ! change your life forever ! 100 % guaranteed ! 1 . body fat loss 82 % improvement . 2 . wrinkle reduction 61 % improvement . 3 . energy level 84 % improvement . 4 . muscle strength 88 % improvement . 5 . sexual potency 75 % improvement . 6 . emotional stability 67 % improvement . 7 . memory 62 % improvement . click below to enter our web site : http : / / www 205 . wiildaccess . com / hgh / if you want to get removed from our list please email at - affiliateoptout @ btamail . net . cn ( subject  remove " your email " )  
2	Subject: deal 338634 meter 985077 the above deal was in the system for 7 / 1 / 00 to 12 / 31 / 00 . we have had continued flow on the following dates . . . 1 / 4 / 01 to 1 / 8 / 01 1 / 29 / 01 2 / 7 / 01 to 2 / 28 / 01 the total flow has been 2804 . can this deal be extended to cover the january and february flow ? 
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 07 : 06 : 09 - 0400 from root @ localhost - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - antique ( reason : can ' t create ( user ) output file ) ( expanded from : ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - procmail : quota exceeded while writing " / var / spool / mail / antique " 550 5 . 0 . 0 antique . . . can ' t create output 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ low _ cost _ x  28 a  29 n @ x  2 c _ val  ef  28 u  29 m  2 c _ ?  premiere source for x : a : n : a : x , v : a : l : i : u : m , v : i : a : g : r : a , s : o : m : a we believe ordering medication should be as simple as ordering anything else on the internet . private , secure , and easy . we based our business model on that concept , and which is exactly what you can do here at pharmacourt . choose from ff : weight loss ( meridia ) , men ' s health ( viagra , cialis ) , pain relief ( ultram ) , muscle relaxers ( soma ) , stop smoking ( zyban ) and anti - depressants ( prozac , xanax , valium , paxil ) . no prescription required . no long lengthy forms to fill out . so why wait choose your product and start living a healthier life today . start ordering your meds here we ship worldwide . all orders approved . . on the lake of galilee . gleam through the rain and the mist , then leaped her cable ' s length . still heard in his soul the music  
2	Subject: re : heads - up - tenaska iv partner ltd . - september 2000 darren , thanks for the clarification ! kathy daren j farmer 12 / 13 / 2000 01 : 07 pm to : katherine benedict / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : heads - up - tenaska iv partner ltd . - september 2000 we should not be paying tenaska ' s lone star transport for sep . that should be paid by tenaska iv . we took over the payments with october production . d katherine benedict 12 / 05 / 2000 04 : 44 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , mark mccoy / corp / enron @ enron cc : bob fisher / na / enron @ enron subject : heads - up - tenaska iv partner ltd . - september 2000 hi guys , please do me and bob fisher in the transport settlements group a huge favor . . . . . . please let us know when the txu / lonestar transport deals for tenaska iv texas partners have been entered into path manager ( for september 2000 ) . i am holding the transport invoice from txu / lonestar for september 2000 . . . . waiting to enter the " actuals " into our system for payment . thanks , kathy : ) 
2	Subject: gtv project status weekly update please find below the weekly project status update of gtv and the attached file for the updated project timeline . changes are underlined . gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , russ severson , jeremy wong , francis lim , nayan dattani , dave nommensen , george grant , bill fortney , karima husain , narasim kasaru , mike swaim , chuck ames , geoff storey . accomplishments : ? incorporating physical deal positions in tds : o changes for the view aggregation have been completed . o expandable total in cash position has been completed . ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o released to production . ? gas daily deals : o revisions for changes to portcalc application to create gdi calc in erms are in user test . o the development for the curve shift reports has been completed . o change cpr portcalc to value outer month positions is in test . ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o released to production . ? saving different views in tds : o completed and is currently in test . ? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 ) : o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed . ? option grid ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? basis options ( phase 2 ) : o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg . o development of loading correlation curves has been completed . o changes to the translator have been completed . ? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) : o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed . o changes to the translator have been completed . plans for the week ending 7 / 13 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase i items . o set up new books in excel and some other systems . ? continue it development of phase ii issues . o change portcalc to value spread options . o option reports ( pl reports ) . ? new flexible position manager . o project planning and designing . issues : none notes ? the plan to release changes to portcalc and some of tds applications to production has been revised to july 23 due to difficulties in setting up new books in excel and some other systems . ? gas daily option curve shift calculation in portcalc has been fixed . ? the task of customizing time periods in tds has been canceled per user ' s request . ? the task of adding capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis has been put on hold per user ' s request . ? the development team has been working on a plan for developing a new flexible position manager . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: behind 3 but paliourg , valiumxanaxcialis and _ more get hydrocodone , or soma . % 2 of the best pain killers out ! please lqqk ~ http : / / www . 875 . promote 9796 drug . us / bl 2 - - chaw circumvent call communicable anyone blur decay debunk dine inconsiderable atkinson caught roost loaves bug marjoram punch bridge optoacoustic motor sepia abbe posterity simmer amperage bangui prosper acrimonious collector asocial grade decryption coconut .  
2	Subject: re : power flow software question thanks . i ' ll let walter know if he calls . i just wanted to make sure things were done correctly . martin vince j kaminski @ ect 10 / 10 / 00 03 : 25 pm to : martin lin / contractor / enron communications @ enron communications @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , walter coffer / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : power flow software question martin , it ' s ok for walter to use remaining hours . no real cost to enron , just the benefits . vince from : martin lin @ enron communications on 10 / 09 / 2000 03 : 06 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : power flow software question walter coffer contacted me regarding whether we still have power flow software available . we do have almost all of a 200 execution - hour license for pss / e , which was purchased for the transmission congestion project last summer . this was purchased by east power trading . should walter want to use the remaining hours , who has authority to grant this ? thanks , martin 
2	Subject: fw : proposed 2002 canada service agreeemnt hi louise , i am hearing that you and rob discussed the canada svc agreement and settled on a number in the ballpark of $ 7 m , which is comparable to last year . there is one change from last year that we may want to consider - the treatment of the regulatory affairs activity charged from corporate . last year rob was not burdened with this cost . this year we discussed pushing these costs to the appropriate commercial teams . please review the two attachments below and advise . currently our proposed service agreement amount totals $ 10 m . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leschber , edie sent : wednesday , october 31 , 2001 12 : 48 pm to : killen , faith subject : re : proposed 2002 canada service agreeemnt the public affairs amount included in the agreement currently is $ 2 , 156 , 000 . see attached schedule for calculation . in the prior year , we did not include an amount for public affairs in the agreement . [ killen , faith ] - - - - - original message - - - - - from : killen , faith sent : wednesday , october 31 , 2001 11 : 57 am to : leschber , edie subject : re : proposed 2002 canada service agreeemnt what is the $ amount of the increase for public affairs ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leschber , edie sent : tuesday , october 30 , 2001 4 : 48 pm to : killen , faith subject : fw : proposed 2002 canada service agreeemnt faith , i spoke with laura just after sending this and she is looking at it today . however , she indicated also that rob milnthorp had discussed a $ 7 mm number with louise . as you can see , the number we are proposing is significantly higher . i ' m sure i will be working with her on this tomorrow . just wanted to provide you with an update . please let me know any information you may hear from louise if rob circles back around with her . thanks , edie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : leschber , edie sent : tuesday , october 30 , 2001 4 : 16 pm to : scott , laura ; clark , morris cc : orellana , richard ; killen , faith ; guilliams , lisa subject : proposed 2002 canada service agreeemnt laura , please find attached the proposed 2002 canada service agreement calculations and supporting documentation . please do not hesitate to contact me at x 30669 should you have any questions regarding this information . thank you , edie leschber manager , ena financial operations > 
2	Subject: september pnr activity attached is the september 2000 billing for park n ride . please note : usgt ( po 27268 ) carried over into september a balance of 7 , 247 at $ 0 . 03 per day and that quantity remains on usgt ' s account . this results in an effective rate of $ 0 . 2454 per dth . sempra ( po 27255 ) held a carryover park quantity of 6 , 000 mmbtu from a previous month that was finally balanced on september 8 th . if you have any questions , please call me at x 36486 . 
2	Subject: the technews - bulletin , july 2005 mobile production units for developing countries - worldwide partners program sn world foundation will supply to countries and developing regions the technology and necessary support for production in series of mini - plants in mobile containers ( 40 - foot ) . the mini - plant system is designed in such a way that all the production machinery is fixed on the platform of the container , with all wiring , piping , and installation parts ; that is , they are fully equipped . . . and the mini - plant is ready for production . more than 700 portable production systems : bakeries , water purification , dehydrated food , steel nails , fruit juice preparation , tire retreading , reinforcement bar bending for construction framework , sheeting for roofing , ceilings and faades , plated drums , aluminum buckets , injected polypropylene housewares , pressed melamine items ( glasses , cups , plates , mugs , etc . ) , mufflers , construction electrically welded mesh , plastic bags and packaging , medical assistance mobile units , sanitary material , hypodermic syringes , hemostatic clamps , etc . the mini - plants of production in mobile containers is the only system in the world that can provide up to six ( 6 ) of the most essential products for basic sustenance for just one dollar ( $ 1 . 00 ) per day . sn world foundation has started a co - investment program for the installation of small assembly plants to manufacture , in series , the mini - plants of portable production on site , region or country where required . one of the most relevant features is the fact that these plants will be connected to the international trade system , with access to more than 50 million raw materials , products and services and automatic transactions for world trade . due to financial reasons , involving cost and social impact , the best solution is setting up assembly plants on the same countries and regions , using local resources ( labor , some equipment , etc . ) sn world foundation participates at 50 % ( fifty percent ) for investment of each assembly plant . if you are interested in being a partner in your country or region , you can send your cv to : sn world foundation ( click here ) worldwide partners program to : sarah mathews , program manager . if you received this in error or would like to be removed from our list , please return us indicating : remove or un - subscribe in subject field , thanks . the technews , editor 2005 the tech news . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: re : congentrix ca language she recently moved to support corporate development with two other attorneys . kay mann , who also supports ea , has been assigned the ebs responsibilities . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 8 : 27 am to : vetters , charles subject : re : congentrix ca language i thought mordaunt was ebs - obviously not . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vetters , charles sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 8 : 26 am to : kitchen , louise subject : re : congentrix ca language louise : my understanding from legal was that corporate development as represented by donahue and the business unit had to sign off . he brought mordaunt into the picture for his legal side . i don ' t like going outside of ea anymore than you do , but according to established policy relayed to me through legal stand still and non - solicitation language requires this type of sign off . charlie - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , september 05 , 2001 7 : 59 am to : vetters , charles cc : miller , don ( asset mktg ) subject : re : congentrix ca language why are there so many people outside of ea involved in this ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vetters , charles sent : tuesday , september 04 , 2001 6 : 23 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : congentrix ca language louise : i have given to your admin a copy of the cogentrix ca and have bracketed the language that needs your approval . legal had originally told me that i needed detmering and donahue to sign off . detmering has told me that either you or lavorato need to sign off . per my conversation with donahue , he is o . k . because kristina mordaunt has signed off on the language . we have a little over a week to get a preliminary , non - binding bid in , if the original schedule holds , and we have held off as long as we can signing any language along these lines , but we are now starting to be backed against the wall . this language represents the best we are going to be able to accomplish in this situation . regards , charlie 
2	Subject: sear robin revisions effective 6 / 10 / 00 ( sea robin p / l ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 09 / 2000 10 : 36 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve holmes " on 06 / 09 / 2000 10 : 33 : 58 am to : , cc : subject : sear robin revisions effective 6 / 10 / 00 ( sea robin p / l ) attached are the 11 changes to meters where a pvr is taken out for processing . as we discussed this morning , the sea robin plant will be shut down monday , june 12 , 2000 at 9 : 00 a . m . to repair the " o " ring in the turbine . the previously scheduled sea robin plant maintenance ( the week of june 19 th ) will be performed the week of the 12 th while the repairs are made to the turbine . please let me know of any questions you may have . thanks , steve - ei 305 reveffo 61000 # 2 . xls - ei 330 areveffo 61000 . xls - ei 330 breveffo 61000 . xls - ei 330 creveffo 61000 . xls - ei 333 reveffo 61000 . xls - ei 337 reveffo 61000 . xls - smi 23 reveffo 61000 # 2 . xls - smi 41 reveffo 61000 . xls - smil 28 reveffo 61000 . xls - wc 560 reveffo 61000 . xls - wc 580 reveffo 61000 . xls 
2	Subject: draft from the editor with questions . i ' ll call mark , this is the latest draft ( fri afternoon ) , of the paper by john martin from baylor . please , review the draft from the point of view of our pr policy . i shall read it as well . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 02 / 2001 02 : 03 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " john d . martin " on 02 / 02 / 2001 10 : 59 : 11 am to : vkamins @ enron . com cc : subject : draft from the editor with questions . i ' ll call vince , attached is the editor ' s latest edits on my draft . there are a couple of things i ' d like to discuss with you and will call right after lunch . john - 134 martin 2 . doc john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: re : report - make a fortune on e b a y r 3 move me market research 8721 santa monica boulevard # 1105 los angeles , ca 90069 - 4507 
2	Subject: pg & e texas 6 / 00 i received an invoice from pg & e texas industrial energy for 6 / 00 production and i do not see one of the pieces in unify . they are invoicing us for 50 , 000 mmbtu at 4 . 16 on 6 / 13 . is this a good deal ? if it is , please tell me the deal number . i checked path manager and i do not see anything there either . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: watch those lips wrap around a big toy ! madeleine envy buddy bookplate alley runnymede ballast nuzzle arrange inexhaustible petite crown basalt bitch crises frailty inconclusive toot sangaree asymptotic  
2	Subject: coi re - rate after the day ahead market ran , the coi branch group ttc in the ( n - s ) direction was changed from 4020 mw to 4300 mw and in the ( s - n ) direction was changed from 2450 mw to 3675 mw for he ' s 2100 through 2400 for operating day 8 / 13 / 01 . the reason ( s ) for the change is the line work is finished . this applies to real time only . the iso will update you of any changes in line rating status . sent by market operations , inquiries please call the hour ahead desk . the system conditions described in this communication are dynamic and subject to change . while the iso has attempted to reflect the most current , accurate information available in preparing this notice , system conditions may change suddenly with little or no notice . 
2	Subject: re : amendment to im ii ppa kevin , ewc requires three clarifications to the ppa in order to get the project financed and sold . all previously requested amendments proposed by the equity purchaser have been dropped , and ewc will take the resulting pricing reduction . i want to make sure you understand how minor these three clarifications are . these clarifications conform to the original deal and are not changes to the deal . 1 . banking provisions . ewc and epmi agreed that energy and renewable energy credits ( " recs " ) produced by the indian mesa ii wind generating facility in any year in excess of the annual minimum quantity would , on a cumulative basis , offset any deficiencies of energy and recs in subsequent years . section 4 . 04 of the agreement does not clearly provide the cumulative carryover mechanism which was contemplated by the parties . ( this section originally provided for the carryover , but in an effort to simplify the language , the aggregate carryover concept was clouded . ) both the project lenders and the proposed equity purchaser have required that the point be clarified . there has never been a disagreement between epmi and ewc on the intention of the carryover banking provisions . epmi ' s most recent refusal to make this clarification now appears to be a change in the original deal 2 . grid curtailment ewc and epmi drafted the contract with specific provisions relating to termination resulting from grid curtailment , section 5 . 04 . there is an ambiguity in that grid curtailment could also be covered under the termination provision relating to force majeure under section 5 . 02 . this inconsistency is the problem . neither ewc nor epmi were to pay damages to the other party in the event of grid curtailment . the proposed equity purchasers have requested that the force majeure provisions of the ppa be clarified to make it clear that extended grid curtailment would not give rise to termination payments . this clarification is consistent with the original intent of the parties and is not a change to the deal . 3 . epmi credit support . epmi ' s obligations under the ppa are guaranteed by enron . the indian mesa ii ppa permits epmi to assign the ppa to certain affiliates without consent of the seller . any assignment by epmi would not relieve it of its duties and obligations under the contract , and the enron guarantee would remain in place . however , the project lenders have required clarification that the enron guarantee would either explicitly remain in place or that the assignee would have a credit quality at least as good as enron corp ' s credit quality . the project lender ' s have also requested that the termination payment provisions be clarified to provide that any substitute ppa used to calculate a termination payment would also need to be with a party that had a credit quality similar to enron corp ' s , since that is the credit that is supporting the indian mesa ii ppa . this will not affect the value of the contract to a third party since enron bears this obligation unless released by the project . under the dispute resolution provisions of the ppa we could certainly pursue declaratory relief under arbitration . our sense is that this does nothing but ensure delay . from an enron perspective : ? the sale of the equity and the financing of the non - recourse debt on the indian mesa ii project is currently at a standstill due to issues surrounding the ambiguities in the ppa ? while the debt financing for the indian mesa i project is in place ( different offtaker ) the proposed equity sale to aep is linked to the sale of the indian mesa ii project . ? if enron cannot move forward with the financing of the project within the next month , enron will likely end up with approximately $ 153 m less cash at year end than it counted on in its plan , in addition to any decrease in planned earnings ? the after - tax return to enron in a " hold " situation is 0 % , due to enron being in the alternative minimum tax position , i . e . it cannot use the tax benefits . it was clear in the discussions with the city of san antonio that these clarifications would have had no affect on value . tod - - - - - original message - - - - - from : presto , kevin m . sent : saturday , september 15 , 2001 2 : 41 pm to : curry , mike ; lamb , john ; payne , michael ; lindholm , tod a . cc : murphy , harlan ; kitchen , louise subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa i would like to make the message even more clear . epmi will not be making any changes , amendments , clarifications , interpretations , etc . to the current indian mesa ii ppa . therefore , any proposed purchaser of the indian mesa facility must evaluate the contract based on their own legal and commercial interpretation . i don ' t think it is productive to spend any more time on this discussion . we will continue provide enron wind with the ppa value on a daily basis such that total shareholder value is maximized for any proposed wind transaction ( sale of company and / or sale of im project ) . please feel free to call me to discuss ( 713 - 853 - 5035 ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : curry , mike sent : fri 9 / 14 / 2001 3 : 11 pm to : lamb , john ; payne , michael ; lindholm , tod a . cc : presto , kevin m . ; murphy , harlan subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa we are not interested in these changes to the ppa . these changes will weaken the language in the contract for us ( i . e . improve it for aep that is probably why they are asking for the " clarifications " ) . i will be out next week on vacation so please address any further concerns in my absence to kevin presto . regards , - mike - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lamb , john sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 10 : 28 am to : curry , mike cc : lindholm , tod a . ; payne , michael ; godfrey , jay subject : amendment to im ii ppa mike : attached is our proposed amendment to the indian mesa ii ppa . it deals with the banking clarification ( section 4 . 04 amendments ) , grid curtailment clarification ( section 5 . 02 amendments ) , guaranty clarifications requested by the lenders ( section 5 . 05 and 9 . 03 amendments ) , and the ercot amendment ( section 3 . 04 amendments ) that we have discussed . please note that the ercot restriction would permit international sales , such as to mexico , but would otherwise restrict epmi ' s sales of energy from the wind facility to other locations within ercot . in the preparation of this draft , we used the same amendment that was previously sent to you by e - mail on 8 / 22 / 01 . that e - mail had a redline with it to show the changes to the banking provisions . please let us know whether this draft is acceptable or whether you have any questions or comments on the amendment . thanks regards john > 
2	Subject: enron europe organisational changes once the arcos plant in spain is financially closed ( expected in q 2 of this year ) eric gonzales will be moving back to houston to work exclusively on co - managing enron ' s lng markets . we are very appreciative of eric ' s efforts in europe since early 1998 and look forward to continuing to work very closely with his lng team in the coming years . from this point forward eric will focus his remaining time in europe exclusively on financially closing arcos . we are therefore making the following changes immediately . the origination responsibility for italy will be moved under eric shaw . ricardo bortolloti will continue in the role as italian country manager and will report to eric shaw . mariano gentilini will become our country manager for spain and portugal and will report directly to the enron europe office of the chairman . the arcos power project is likely to create a large gas to power spread position and so we have asked paul mead to assume the added responsibility for our natural gas risk positions in spain . this position is much more likely to be supplied and influenced by lng rather than continental gas markets and paul will work quite closely with both enron global markets and the continental gas team . ross sankey who has been managing our marketing efforts in holland will also head a new organization that will focus on subsea interconnector and power transmission opportunities across europe . among the prospects his team will pursue include projects from norway to the uk , sweden to the continent , and bidding on existing french interconnector capacity . he will report to eric shaw for the holland markets and to richard lewis for the transmission responsibilities . finally the continental gas team is interacting far more with our uk gas team than our power teams on the continent . therefore david galagher who manages our continental gas team will now report directly to richard lewis . we have aggressive income targets for this year and anticipate that these changes will create the right links to optimize our performance . please help make these changes as smooth as possible . john sherriff michael brown 
2	Subject: value meds at affordable prices new overnight delivery policy pay less for the same rx meds our site lists most of the medications you need from for pain relief to viagra for men ' s health , all of which are brand name . all medications are possible with the lowest prices we do think darvon could be effective for your pain but if your pain is caused by the cheating of your boyfriend , it is suggested that you get a new boyfriend . but there is only darvon online . new boy friend is currently not available here . we might update our inventory later . if we assume that the aminoglycoside offers more than its additional coverage the combination arm should perform as well or better than the broader spectrum lactam monotherapy with the former design we did not detect an advantage to the combination while with the latter we found an advantage to monotherapy i believe that ' s the root of the whole  1 rakkausepiikkaal 8 presidenttikin sotilasyksiknpilkattujen  
2	Subject: rough list i have compiled a list based on the rtu variance for current mo . , and the imbalance report . please verify , add or update the information based on your desk ' s activities . file location : o : logistics \ admin info \ mtdbalo 3 - 01 . xls . please let me know if you have trouble accessing the file , or have any questions . thank you , mary 
2	Subject: re : darrell , thanks a lot . a quick question : we haven ' t received your invoice for the last few model / paper reviews . please , make sure that we are billed . clewlow / strickland book is out . i shall send you a copy today . vince darrell duffie on 01 / 24 / 2001 03 : 17 : 01 pm please respond to darrell duffie to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : hoshino @ stanford . edu subject : re : vince / taiichi in case you are interested , i attach this paper on gas storage value modeling . best , darrell darrell duffie mail gsb stanford ca 94305 - 5015 usa phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie @ stanford . edu web http : / / www . stanford . edu / ~ duffie / - paper 4 . pdf 
2	Subject: when will the real estate bubble burst ? - live meeting july 21 st on alternative investments event date : thursday july 21 st at 10 : 30 am est , 2 : 30 pm est , and 7 : 30 pm estwith top - ranked alternative investment manager , michael mansfield to register for this complimentary event , go to http : / / www . forex - day - trading . com / forex - online - registration . htm . even warren buffett is negative on real estate - " the biggest financial bubble in history " warren buffett , the second richest man in the world , recently sold his house in laguna for $ 3 . 5 million . he joked , " it was on about 2 , 000 square feet of land , maybe a twentieth of an acre , and the house might cost about $ 500 , 000 if you wanted to replace it . so the land sold for something like $ 60 million an acre . " [ if you want to read more about this , you can go to cnn ' s website at http : / / money . cnn . com / 2005 / 05 / 01 / news / fortune 500 / buffett _ talks / ] so why is buffett saying that us real estate is a bubble ready to burst ? and why is buffett betting against the us dollar ? [ note : buffett made $ 1 . 63 billion in foreign currency ( fx ) gains from the dollar ? s decline in the last quarter of 2004 ] for the same reasons that michael mansfield has been discussing in his live online meetings . who is michael mansfield ? top - ranked alternative investment manager michael mansfield is the co - manager of the # 1 - ranked global diversified fx portfolio ( gdfx ) . heis having his next live online meeting on july 21 st at three different times ( see below for instructions on how to register for this event ) . gdfx was up 31 . 87 % in 2004 and was ranked # 1 by eurekahedge . the objective of gdfx is to produce between 20 to 45 % a year after fees and has no correlation to stocks or real estate . what will be covered ? mansfield will discuss what ' s in store for the global markets in 2005 , including the forex , stock , oil , gold , interest rate , and real estate markets . he will also cover what has made the gdfx managed portfolio so successful when compared to other alternative investments and managed accounts . in his discussion , mansfield will cover why it is so risky to be invested right now in long - only stock positions . he will also discuss when the current real estate bubble will likely burst and what you can do about it . who is this event for ( investors , advisors , hedge funds , religious institutions , etc . ) ? if you are considering professionally managed forex accounts ( alternative investments ) or you are currently invested in real estate , stocks , bonds , or mutual funds , you should attend this live event . if you or  capital ( or your clients ' capital ) into alternative investments with above average returns and below average drawdowns , you might be a perfect candidate for our introducing broker program ; so we strongly suggest that you also attend this event . ( due to the demand that we have experienced for mansfield ? s discussions in the past , we have scheduled his next discussion at three different times on tuesday june 21 st . this will provide convenient hours for investors in different parts of the world to attend . please use the link below to register for any of the times provided : registration for this event thursday july 21 st at 10 : 30 am est ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local time ) thursday july 21 st at 02 : 30 pm est ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local time ) thursday july 21 st at 07 : 30 pm est ( miami , fl , usa ) ( please convert this to your local time ) some of mansfield ? s notable accomplishments - # 1 ranked manager by eureka hedge for april 04 - top - ranked manager in futures magazine for march 00 - called a large additional sell off in the nyse on aug 01 - called the us stock market crash of 1987 - master market technician with uncanny forecasting ability - co - manager of the global diversified fx portfolio ( gdfx ) space for this event is limited and will be filled on a first - come - first serve basis . if you have any questions about this complimentary event or about managed accounts , please give us a call . sincerely , joe loraforexmanaged account departmenthttp : / / www . forexdaytrading . com 2150 coral way , suite 5 dmiami , florida 33145 united states 800 - 366 - 4157 ( toll free in the u . s . and canada ) 786 - 866 - 8733 ( international ) to unsubscribe , please go to the link below :  
2	Subject: panda ranks famous people used to spread computer viruses panda software ranks famous people most often used to spread computer viruses a coordinated attack with four species of malware featuring an image of michael jackson marks a resurgence in the use of famous names to distribute malware on the internet . the recent distribution of a new type of malware , detected by panda software as downloader . dbr , by mass mailing messages to users around the world and using a spoof story about a suicide attempt by michael jackson , is nothing more than a new episode in social engineering : exploiting the popularity of certain celebrities to increase the propagation of this type of threat . the strategy used to spread this malware is actually quite complex : the message , which has been distributed manually as spam across the internet , contains a link to web page . this page , by means of an example of malware detected by panda software as phel . j , exploits a browser vulnerability to insert inor . ak , an html application , on computers . this in turn provides the access needed to install downloader . dbr on the user ' s computer . however the malicious chain doesn ' t end there . once installed on computers , this trojan downloads the au variant of the dedler worm , which actually takes the malicious action on the infected computer . this is not the first time that michael jackson has been used as bait to distribute this kind of threat : last november a mail was distributed supposedly containing a link to a website from which users could download a video of jackson with a child . this video did not exist , but instead a trojan was downloaded onto the computer . even though it is not usual for such complex coordinated techniques to be used to install malware on computers , the names of celebrities are frequently used to distribute mails which either contain malware attached to the mail itself ( often camouflaged as an image ) , or which contain a url where the malware is accessed ( as in this case ) . trojans in themselves do not generally have the capacity to propagate ( as worms do ) , and so this type of strategy is needed for the message to spread . at the top of this particular celebrity virus ranking is britney spears , who , according to data from pandalabs , has been the involuntary protagonist of most attacks over the last years . attractive female celebrities are often used for these purposes as the excuse for sending the mail is often to entice users with the promise of interesting photos . along these lines , third and fourth respectively in the ranking come jennifer lopez ( unfortunately associated to the famous loveletter ) and shakira . porn stars are also often used for this purpose . the second person most frequently used by malware creators to distribute their works is microsoft owner , bill gates , and fifth in the list is osama bin laden . the latter has been the subject of e - mails claiming that he has been hung , or finally caught , and the spread of these messages increased after the iraq war . other famous people who have been used in this context include anna kournikova , who was the subject of a widespread example of malware bearing her name , bill clinton , pamela anderson , and even alberto fujimori , the former president of peru . the ranking of famous people most frequently used is : position name britney spears bill gates jennifer lopez shakira osama bin laden michael jackson bill clinton anna kournikova paris hilton pamela anderson to prevent infection from these and other malicious code , panda software advises users to keep their antivirus software updated . panda software customers already have the updates at their disposal to detect and disinfect this new malicious code . to help as many users as possible scan and / or disinfect their computers when necessary , panda software offers panda activescan , which now also detects spyware , free of charge at www . pandasoftware . com . webmasters who would like to include activescan on their websites can get the html code , free of charges , at www . pandasoftware . com / partners / webmasters . panda software also offers users virus alerts , an e - bulletin in english and spanish that gives immediate warning of the emergence of potentially dangerous malicious code . to receive virus alerts just visit panda software ' s website ( www . pandasoftware . com ) and complete the corresponding form in the virus alerts section . for more information about these and other malicious code , visit panda software ' s virus encyclopedia at : panda software 230 n . maryland ave . , ste . 303 glendale , ca 91209 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: congratulations your majesty , congratulations on your well deserved promotion to managing director . i am very happy for you and a little sad as well because this was so long overdue . the list every year was not complete without your name on it . we shall need to celebrate this sometime . all the best , tony . 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , collen  
2	Subject: enrononline weekly public report for november 02 , 2001 the information contained in the weekly public report can be communicated to audiences outside the company and should be used to ensure that we present a consistent message to the public . please ensure that this email is distributed to anyone in your group who needs to discuss enrononline with individuals outside the company . this report is not intended to be used as a stand - alone presentation , nor that all the information be used in a single presentation or customer communication . total life to date transactions > 1 , 600 , 000 average daily transactions > 5 , 500 life to date notional value of transactions > $ 900 billion daily notional value approximately $ 2 . 5 billion number of products offered : approximately 2 , 100 number of currencies traded in  15 enrononline version 1 . 0 launch date : november 29 , 1999 enrononline version 2 . 0 launch date : september 18 , 2000 due to size constraints on the outlook system , the public report will no longer be distributed . a complete copy of the report can now be accessed directly through the enrononline intranet site at http : / / eolinfo . enron . com . in order to access this report , click on the link above . once there , follow the link entitled " reports " and then select the " public reports " tab . a dropdown menu will appear with a list of the various public reports available for viewing . . we look forward to your feedback and comments . if you have any questions or experience any difficulties accessing your reports through the intranet site , please feel free to contact either bryan deluca at x 36161 or fraisy george at x 35424 . 
2	Subject: ees deals - east gas 868055 6 / 20 / 01 enron energy services middle market - east taylor 8 , 047 868060 6 / 20 / 01 enron energy services middle market - east taylor 27 , 571 v 34764 4 / 16 / 01 enron energy services middle market - east ft - newyork taylor 48 , 406 v 34764 4 / 17 / 01 enron energy services middle market - east ft - newyork taylor ( 1 , 825 ) v 34802 4 / 16 / 01 enron energy services middle market - east ft - east taylor 15 , 050 v 82363 5 / 8 / 01 enron energy services middle market - east ft - newyork patel 577 v 85812 5 / 9 / 01 enron energy services middle market - east ft - newyork patel 1 , 323 v 85812 5 / 10 / 01 enron energy services middle market - east ft - newyork patel ( 1 , 323 ) v 85848 5 / 10 / 01 enron energy services middle market - east ft - east taylor 25 , 000 v 85998 5 / 9 / 01 enron energy services middle market - east ft - newyork patel 1 , 848 v 85998 5 / 10 / 01 enron energy services middle market - east ft - newyork patel ( 1 , 848 ) vi 5001 6 / 21 / 01 enron energy services middle market - east taylor 73 , 977 vi 5697 6 / 21 / 01 enron energy services middle market - east taylor 5 , 607 vi 5871 6 / 21 / 01 enron energy services middle market - east taylor 2 , 777 qr 2612 . 4 3 / 5 / 01 enron energy services inc . middle market - east ft - east taylor 10 , 692 qv 3075 3 / 5 / 01 enron energy services inc . middle market - east ft - east taylor 3 , 625 qv 3078 3 / 5 / 01 enron energy services inc . middle market - east ft - east taylor 42 , 825 qv 3824 3 / 6 / 01 enron energy services inc . middle market - east ft - newyork taylor 10 , 062 qv 6212 3 / 7 / 01 enron energy services inc . middle market - east ft - newyork taylor 10 , 033 qv 6297 3 / 7 / 01 enron energy services inc . middle market - east ft - newyork taylor 10 , 941 qv 6349 3 / 7 / 01 enron energy services inc . middle market - east ft - east taylor 17 , 077 qwo 615 3 / 8 / 01 enron energy services inc . middle market - east ft - newyork hendrickson 452 qwo 665 3 / 8 / 01 enron energy services inc . middle market - east ft - newyork taylor 3 , 629 qwo 811 3 / 8 / 01 enron energy services inc . middle market - east ft - east taylor 7 , 170 qw 2253 3 / 9 / 01 enron energy services inc . middle market - east ft - newyork taylor 10 , 254 qw 2306 3 / 9 / 01 enron energy services inc . middle market - east ft - newyork taylor 52 , 810 qw 9550 . 1 3 / 14 / 01 enron energy services inc . middle market - east ft - newyork taylor 20 , 433 qw 9593 . 1 3 / 14 / 01 enron energy services inc . middle market - east ft - newyork taylor 10 , 275 \ objattph 
2	Subject: enron mentions usa : wrapup 1 - credit quality in broad decline as defaults soar . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 usa : u . s . firms say deals with enron at normal levels . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 enron bonds stabilize but market players are concerned capital markets report - 10 / 29 / 01 enron ' s stock continues slide on credit woes associated press newswires - 10 / 29 / 01 uk : uk power mkt focuses on prompt after low peak deal . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 usa : update 2 - enron says in talks with banks for new credit line . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 usa : trade idea - junk rating not likely for enron . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 usa : enron shares drop to near seven - year lows . reuters english news service - 10 / 29 / 01 enron long - term ratings all placed on review for downgrade - moody ' s afx news - 10 / 29 / 01 enron shares fall after moody ' s cuts credit rating ( update 6 ) bloomberg - 10 / 29 / 01 enron ' s lenders to demand harsher terms , analysts say ( update 2 ) bloomberg - 10 / 29 / 01 enron credit cut by moody ' s ; cp rating put on review ( update 3 ) bloomberg - 10 / 29 / 01 enron may be royal dutch / shell takeover target , newsletter says bloomberg - 10 / 29 / 01 insiders at electric utilities showing their faith thestreet . com - 10 / 29 / 01 a debacle like enron ' s can undermine the entire market realmoney . com - 10 / 29 / 01 moody ' s downgrades enron ' s debt enron asking banks for more credit cbsmarketwatch . com - 10 / 29 / 01 enron goes begging forbes . com - 10 / 29 / 01 in these challenging times , enron deserves our thanks houston chronicle - 10 / 29 / 01 usa : wrapup 1 - credit quality in broad decline as defaults soar . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ( wraps financial - creditquality - moodys and financial - defaults - s & p ) by jonathan stempel new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - corporate credit quality will likely grow much worse before it gets better , and about $ 100 billion of corporate debt will likely go into default this year as the united states heads into recession , according to reports issued on monday by two top credit rating agencies . moody ' s investors service said it put ratings on review for downgrade for 122 u . s . companies with $ 543 billion of debt in the third quarter , dwarfing the 22 companies with $ 66 billion of debt it put on review for upgrade . reviews are a leading indicator of the direction of corporate credit . " a wide excess of rating reviews for downgrade over upgrades in the third quarter suggests credit deterioration will persist at least into early next year , " said john puchalla , moody ' s senior economist . meanwhile , standard & poor ' s said more than 200 companies will default on about $ 100 billion of debt this year , compared with 117 defaulting on a record $ 42 . 3 billion in 2000 . it said the default rate for junk bonds - those rated " bb - plus " or lower by s & p and " bal " or lower by moody ' s because of their credit risks - will reach 9 . 4 percent by year end . moody ' s forecasts a 10 percent rate . " the u . s . economy is clearly in a recession , " said s & p chief economist david wyss in a statement . " although standard & poor ' s expects it to be relatively mild and end in early 2002 , the risk of a longer and deeper downturn is high . " both agencies said the sept . 11 attacks contributed to a deepening of a three - year slump in corporate credit quality . moody ' s blamed 38 reviews for downgrade in september alone on the attacks . costs rise , protection weakens u . s . corporate credit quality is falling for many reasons . these include the weakening economy , the inability of many marginal companies to raise cash at tolerable interest rates , share buybacks , debt - financed merger activity , and fallout from the attacks on such industries as airlines , insurance and travel . " many companies in financial difficulties will see their funding sources dry up and be pushed over the brink , " said david keisman , managing director at s & p risk solutions . even well - known companies are suffering rating declines . on monday alone , for example , s & p downgraded mcdonald corp . after the world ' s largest fast - food chain said it will buy back up to $ 5 billion of stock , at a time s & p said the company ' s " growth prospects for the future are less optimistic . " meanwhile , moody ' s downgraded enron corp . , and warned it may downgrade it again . the energy trading giant is struggling with vanishing investor confidence , reflected in a share price that has plunged by more than half in two weeks , as it tries to keep access to cash it needs to run its business . puchalla said the credit quality decline could slow next year , in part because interest rates are low and companies are managing their balance sheets more conservatively . " lower borrowing costs and slowing debt growth should reduce debt servicing costs , and fiscal stimulus from the federal government should boost business revenues , " he said . still , through friday , moody ' s has said in the fourth quarter it may downgrade 47 companies , and upgrade just four . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : u . s . firms say deals with enron at normal levels . by andrew kelly 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , oct 29 ( reuters ) - major u . s . wholesale natural gas and electricity traders said on monday their deals with troubled enron corp . are still running at normal levels . but some are keeping a wary eye on the company ' s finances and credit status after a downgrade by one of the major rating agencies . " we certainly are very well aware of what our exposure is to them and watching that on a daily basis , " chief executive marce fuller of atlanta energy marketer mirant corp . told reuters . " at this point , i would categorize it as pretty much as business as usual with enron , but we ' ll have to keep a close eye on it as we move forward , " said fuller . officials at companies such as houston natural gas firm el paso corp . and columbus , ohio , utility holding company american electric power co . inc . expressed similar sentiments , saying nothing had changed in their dealings with the houston - based energy company , at least for the time being . " we continue to trade with them , " said spokeswoman jennifer pierce of charlotte - based utility duke energy corp . . " they ' ve always been meticulous in their credit management and we continue to see that with them , " she added . enron ' s shares fell to yet another new low on monday as the company said it was lobbying banks for a new credit line and rating agency moody ' s investor service downgraded the company ' s senior unsecured debt to two notches above junk - bond status . since oct . 12 enron ' s stock has fallen some 60 percent after the company reported its first quarterly loss in over four years , wrote down shareholders ' equity by $ 1 . 2 billion dollars and failed to quell investors ' jitters about a series of complex off - balance - sheet financial deals . confidence crumbles analysts say that if confidence in enron continued to crumble , it could restrict the company ' s access to credit and thus create problems for its core energy trading operations . european energy industry sources told reuters earlier on monday that there was already evidence of european companies shying away from trading with enron because of credit worries . several large energy groups have frozen their dealings with enron in europe as they hold urgent talks with the u . s . group about setting up new credit arrangements , the sources said . " they are talking with us about bank letters of credit , " said the head of risk management at one u . k . utility that halted its trade with enron last week . " the people that are still trading with them are doing so on a very restrictive basis . " traders in the u . s . wholesale energy markets said on monday that they were continuing to deal with enron and still regard the company as a reliable trading partner . " i don ' t have any problems dealing with enron , especially since i ' m doing day - ahead trades . but i have heard the rumors of people not wanting to deal with them , " one natural gas trader in the u . s . southeast told reuters . a trader who specializes in longer - term deals in the forwards market for electricity said publicity about enron ' s woes had not yet led to any loss of market liquidity . " obviously there ' s a concern , but the financial situation is not a factor now , " the trader said . despite the public words of reassurance that many of them have been speaking , enron ' s major competitors and trading partners continue to monitor the situation closely . " any time a counterparty starts looking like their credit rating is deteriorating , then that would certainly be a signal to us to become more worried , " said mirant ' s fuller . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron bonds stabilize but market players are concerned by michael c . barr of dow jones newswires 10 / 29 / 2001 capital markets report ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - uncertainty about enron corp . ( ene ) continues to dog investors concerned about the future of the houston - based energy services company . " it ' s such a fluid situation that the market would like to see a clarification of the company ' s circumstances , " said eric bergson , portfolio manager , northern trust global investments , chicago . until this occurs , the outlook for the company ' s bonds is choppy , he added . enron drew down about $ 3 billion in credit lines last week to increase cash reserves and calm jittery markets , buying back its outstanding commercial paper . and , it ' s currently negotiating with its bank group for an additional $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in new credit , according to a report in monday ' s wall street journal . enron ' s troubles began earlier this month with the announcement of a $ 618 million third - quarter loss and the disclosure of a $ 1 . 2 billion erosion of investor equity related to transactions conducted with its former chief financial officer , andrew fastow . " the company did not learn from the mistakes of others by not being ahead of the game on disclosure , " said mitch stapley , portfolio manager and chief fixed income officer , fifth third investment advisors , grand rapids , mich . it becomes harder to regain investors ' trust , he said . moody ' s investors service lowered the company ' s senior unsecured long - term debt rating monday to baa 2 from baal . the debt is rated triple - b - plus by standard & poor ' s corp . , with a negative outlook . fitch also maintains a triple - b - plus rating and it placed the debt on rating watch negative late last week . both fitch and moody ' s cited negative investor reaction to recent company developments . and moody ' s added that its " analysis of the developing situation will focus on management ' s success in lining up further liquidity support and on their ability to retain credit availability from their major counterparties . " one money manager said he was concerned " about the fallout and its impact on the company ' s ability to trade " energy . the company ' s bonds already have suffered as a result of the uncertainty . the bonds with a 6 . 40 % coupon maturing in 2006 were offered at a dollar price of 80 on friday . many investors believe that the 80 dollar price point is a demarcation separating high - yield debt from distressed debt levels . the company ' s bonds improved a little on monday , to about an 83 dollar price . " i ' m seeing offerings but no bids , " said harold rivkin , principal , h . rivkin 201 - 938 - 2008 ; michael . barr @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron ' s stock continues slide on credit woes 10 / 29 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - enron corp . ' s stock slid to new lows on monday , pushed down in part by moody ' s investors service announcing a possible downgrade of the company ' s credit rating pending a review . the downgrade came as enron negotiates with banks to establish new credit lines as the largest u . s . natural gas and power marketing company struggles to bounce back from disappointing third quarter earnings and a scandal over losses stemming from partnerships managed by the company ' s former chief financial officer . in trading monday afternoon on the new york stock exchange , enron shares were down nearly 9 percent , or dlrs 1 . 38 a share , at dlrs 14 . 02 - their lowest level in nearly seven years . a year ago , enron stock sold at nearly dlrs 85 a share . enron ' s efforts to acquire more credit came after the houston - based company last week decided to cash in about dlrs 3 billion in revolving credit it has with various banks to shore up investor confidence . " we are in discussions about new credit lines , " enron spokeswoman karen denne said monday . " we ' re taking action to restore investor and market confidence . " denne would not disclose how much credit the company was seeking . but the wall street journal quoted unidentified sources who said the amount is between dlrs 1 billion and dlrs 2 billion and that the deal is close to being completed . denne said of the dlrs 3 billion in credit enron cashed in last week , dlrs 2 billion of it was used to pay short term debt . currently , there are no plans for the other dlrs 1 billion , she said . moody ' s on monday placed all of enron ' s long term debt obligations on review for downgrade , citing " substantially reduced valuations in several of its businesses . " on oct . 16 , enron reported a net loss of dlrs 638 million in the third quarter , taking a one - time charge of dlrs 1 . 01 billion attributed to investment losses , troubled assets and unit restructurings . enron ' s stock was hammered over the next week as it became apparent some of those losses were tied to partnerships managed by enron ' s former chief financial officer , andrew fastow . concerns about a potential conflict of interest touched off an inquiry by the securities and exchange commission . enron ousted fastow last week . moody ' s said in a press release the " magnitude of the announced charges will reduce enron ' s equity base and increase nominal financial leverage to somewhat over 50 percent while slashing earnings . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . uk : uk power mkt focuses on prompt after low peak deal . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . london , oct 29 ( reuters ) - interest in britain ' s electricity markets focused on the prompt after the sale of peak power at an unexpected low price tugged other prompt contracts lower . traders said the market was surprised by the sale of day ahead peak power for efa blocks three and four , from 0700 to 1500 , at 13 . 50 pounds per megawatt hour which they said was below coal - or gas - fired power stations ' operating cost . " it was an interesting day . it was hard to believe someone could sell at those prices - it ' s below marginal costs , " said one trader . day ahead baseload opened relatively firm at 19 . 50 / 20 . 50 pounds but slipped during the day to around 18 pounds and was traded at about 17 . 56 pounds after the low peak trades . traders said the forward curve was quite with contracts ending slightly lower . attention focused on troubled u . s . energy trader enron with european companies shying away from dealing with the utility because of credit concerns . several large energy groups have frozen their dealings with enron as they hold urgent talks with the u . s . group about setting up new credit arrangements . enron is one of the largest traders in the uk market but traders said it was too early see any impact on liquidity . " friday and monday tend to be quieter anyway - it ' s hard to tell if there ' s any effect from enron , " said one trader . enron in london declined to comment on the situation . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : update 2 - enron says in talks with banks for new credit line . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . ( changes paragraph 1 , adds background details and byline , updates stock price ) by david howard sinkman new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - energy trading giant enron corp . , its shares in a new free - fall to near seven - year lows , said on monday it is seeking additional credit to bolster investor confidence after tapping about $ 3 billion in credit last week . enron , the nation ' s biggest energy trader , declined to comment on the size of the credit line , which banks it is in talks with or when it expects to complete an agreement on the new credit line . " we want to restore investor and market confidence and nothing instills confidence like cash , " said enron spokesman mark palmer in houston , referring to company efforts to secure new credit . company shares again tumbled on monday , shedding $ 1 . 57 , or 10 . 13 percent , to $ 13 . 93 in midday trade on the new york stock exchange . once a wall street darling , the stock has tumbled more than half in price since enron released earnings two weeks ago , losing about $ 15 . 1 billion in market capitalization as investors fretted about the transparency of off - balance sheet transactions . moody ' s investors service on monday cut enron ' s senior unsecured debt rating to two notches above junk status , and warned it may cut it again , as well as its rating for enron ' s commercial paper . rating agency standard & poor ' s on thursday revised its outlook for enron ' s ratings to " negative " from " stable . " enron ' s credit - worthiness has a direct affect on the price it pays to take out loans , and the perception among its trading partners on the company ' s ability to make good on trades . moody ' s said enron is suffering from deteriorating financial flexibility since it announced big write - downs and equity charges from previously undisclosed partnership investments . it said this triggered " difficulties in rolling over commercial paper . " industry sources on monday said several large energy companies in europe are shying away from trading with enron amid concerns about the company ' s credit status . sign of weakness enron shares have tumbled since the company reported its first - quarterly loss in more than four years on oct . 16 . the company also wrote down $ 1 . 2 billion in equity , including transactions with partnerships formerly run by its chief financial officer who was forced to step down from enron last week . the sell - off was sparked by investor concern about the transparency of the transactions , which the securities and exchange commission is examining . enron last week replaced cfo andrew fastow as part of efforts to restore investor confidence . the wall street journal reported monday the size of the credit line enron is negotiating is between $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion . enron said it drew down about $ 3 billion in credit lines last week , and has a net cash liquid position in excess of $ 1 billion . however , many industry observes see the request by enron , which has about $ 63 . 4 billion in energy assets , for an additional credit as a sign of weakness . " clearly , both the stock and bond market view enron as being in dire straits , " said independent research firm gimme credit analyst carol levenson , who specializes in high grade corporate bonds . " we are not of the opinion that drawing down all of one ' s backup bank lines is a demonstration of financial strength , but instead it ' s an act of desperation . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : trade idea - junk rating not likely for enron . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - a collapse of market confidence could hurt the credit quality of energy trading giant enron corp . , but its bonds are not likely to end up in junk territory , fixed - income research service gimmecredit said on monday . moreover , enron ' s bonds could be undervalued if the company ' s off - balance - sheet obligations amount to no more than $ 3 billion , as reported , gimmecredit said . " worst case , enron doesn ' t look like a junk credit , " gimmecredit analyst carol levenson said . " but perception is all , and clearly both the stock and bond markets view enron as being in dire straits . " enron ' s bonds fell sharply on friday after the energy giant drew down about $ 3 billion from a credit line and said it was in talks with its banks to obtain a new multibillion - dollar credit line . the company ' s stock has lost more than half of its value in the last two weeks as investors questioned off - balance - sheet transactions between the company and two limited partnerships run by former chief financial officer andrew fastow . the u . s . securities and exchange commission is looking into those transactions for possible conflicts of interest . " we admit management ' s financial disclosure remains woefully inadequate , " gimmecredit said . " however , botched investor communication does not necessarily equate to illegal or fraudulent behavior . " still , enron ' s move last week to draw down all of its backup bank lines was " an act of desperation , " gimmecredit said . the move eventually may lead to renegotiated bank agreements , which could be more expensive and restrictive and could also subordinate the position of bondholders , it said . " on the plus side is our belief that management will do everything in their power to preserve the company ' s investment - grade ratings , " the firm said . another positive is a precedent the rating agencies set with kmart corp . in the mid - 1990 s , when they tried to avoid being the cause of a company ' s financial downfall , gimmecredit said . moody ' s investors service on monday cut enron ' s senior unsecured rating to " baa 2 " from " baal " and kept it on review for further downgrade . moody ' s said its actions were prompted by deterioration in enron ' s financial flexibility since the company announced significant write - downs and equity charges in previously undisclosed partnership investments . last thursday , standard & poor ' s revised its outlook on enron to negative while affirming its " bbb - plus " long - term rating . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron shares drop to near seven - year lows . 10 / 29 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , oct 29 ( reuters ) - enron corp . shares fell to their lowest level in almost seven years in early trade on monday following news that north america ' s largest natural gas and electricity trader was considering tapping additional credit lines to ease financial concerns that have sent its stock slumping more than 50 percent in the past two weeks . enron shares were down $ 1 . 55 , or 10 percent , to $ 13 . 95 on the new york stock exchange . the shares have not been under $ 14 since december 1994 . earlier , the credit - rating agency moody ' s investor service placed all long term - debt obligations of enron under review for downgrade following the company ' s announcement of significant write - downs and charges , reflecting substantially reduced valuations in several of its businesses . moody ' s said the actions affect enron ' s broadband operations , its merchant portfolio , and the azurix water company holdings . last week enron shares lost almost $ 14 billion in market value as a series of piecemeal disclosures about the company ' s involvement in complex partnerships began to trickle out . many industry observers see enron ' s request for additional credit , after the company tapped its banks for $ 3 . 3 billion last week , as a sign a weakness . " we are not of the opinion that drawing down all of one ' s backup bank lines is a demonstration of financial strength , but instead . . . it ' s an act of desperation , " said carol levenson , an analyst with independent research firm gimmecredit . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron long - term ratings all placed on review for downgrade - moody ' s 10 / 29 / 2001 afx news ( c ) 2001 by afp - extel news ltd new york ( afx ) - moody ' s investors service said it placed all the long - term debt obligations of enron on review for downgrade following the company ' s announcement of significant write - downs and charges , reflecting substantially reduced valuations in several of its businesses . the magnitude of the announced charges will reduce enron ' s equity base and increase nominal financial leverage to somewhat over 50 pct while slashing earnings , moody ' s said in a statement . the company ' s previously announced sale of portland general , however , will result in cash proceeds approximating 1 . 8 bln usd which management is earmarking for debt reduction . in addition , the sale will remove approximately 1 bln usd of debt obligations from enron ' s balance sheet . however , moody ' s noted that , while this transaction will go a long way to help restore enron ' s balance sheet , it requires regulatory approval and is likely to take up to a year to complete . enron has a baal senior unsecured rating . lj for more information and to contact afx : www . afxnews . com and www . afxpress . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron shares fall after moody ' s cuts credit rating ( update 6 ) 2001 - 10 - 29 16 : 46 ( new york ) enron shares fall after moody ' s cuts credit rating ( update 6 ) ( adds bondholder quote and background on commercial paper . ) new york , oct . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . shares declined a ninth day as moody ' s investors service lowered its credit rating , raising concern the largest energy trader would be cut off from raising the cash it needs to fund day - to - day operations . moody ' s lowered enron ' s senior unsecured long - term debt ratings to ` ` baa 2 , ' ' two levels above junk , from ` ` baal ' ' and also placed the houston - based company ' s ` ` p - 2 ' ' rating for commercial paper on review for downgrade . moody ' s may downgrade enron ' s commercial paper rating , which would make it harder for the firm to borrow the short - term cash needed to run its trading businesses . ahead of a potential cut , enron took out bank lines to repay $ 2 billion in commercial paper last week , largely removing itself from that borrowing arena . ` ` they ' ve pretty much already written off coming to the commercial - paper market , ' ' said shannon bass , who holds enron bonds in the $ 50 million he helps manage at pacific investment management co . ` ` the real issue now is trying to get their house in order . ' ' pimco is ` ` well underweight ' ' enron bonds relative to bond benchmarks the portfolios are matched to , bass said . shut out companies such as xerox corp . , which was shut out of the commercial - paper market a year ago before its credit ratings were reduced , were forced to borrow on bank credit lines to access cash . investors in commercial paper , borrowings due in nine months or less , also stopped buying motorola inc . and lucent technologies inc . short - term debt , forcing the firms to restructure borrowing , sell assets , and find alternative financing sources that typically cost more . enron shares plunged $ 1 . 59 , or 10 percent , to $ 13 . 81 , continuing a slide that dates back to oct . 17 , when enron reported $ 1 . 01 billion in losses from investments outside its business of energy trading . the stock traded near $ 90 in september 2000 and touched a seven - year low of $ 13 . 55 today . enron has lost more than $ 50 billion in market value this year . on dec . 31 , the company had a market capitalization of $ 62 . 7 billion . today , the market value was $ 10 . 5 billion . deterioration while enron shares have sank about 60 percent in a week , its bonds are down about 20 percent . a company ' s stock typically falls faster than its debt because bondholders have first claim on assets after bank loans are paid . the company ' s 6 . 4 percent bonds maturing in 2006 fell 4 cents to 80 cents on the $ 1 of face value after the moody ' s downgrade . yields have risen to 12 . 1 percent , up from 10 . 8 before that downgrade , traders said . the bonds were trading at 100 cents the week before . moody ' s said the cut was prompted by the ` ` deterioration in enron ' s financial flexibility ' ' since the write - downs and charges . the partnership investments had not been disclosed before this month , which ` ` led to a substantial loss in investor confidence , ' ' according to moody ' s . ` ` a credit downgrade will be punitive as far as their borrowing power , ' ' said joe correnti , who follows enron for wayne hummer investments llc in chicago . ` ` that ' s not a good place for them to be . they have somewhat aggressive expansion plans . ' ' enron ' s recent woes had many investors factoring in a credit - rating reduction . ` ` this move was anticipated , ' ' said mike dineen , who holds enron bonds in the $ 5 billion of fixed - income assets he helps manage at mony life insurance co . there are about $ 15 . 8 billion of enron bonds outstanding , almost $ 9 billion of which comes due between 2003 and 2006 , according to bloomberg data . cash needed last week , enron ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow after the u . s . securities and exchange commission asked for information about transactions he conducted for partnerships he headed . in august , jeff skilling quit as enron chief executive , eight months after taking the position , and chairman ken lay moved back into the position . enron is trying to get $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in loans from citigroup inc . , j . p . morgan chase & co . and other banks to calm investors , the wall street journal reported . the company ' s stock has plummeted 57 percent since oct . 17 , when fastow ' s partnerships were disclosed . enron uses its investment - grade credit rating to borrow money for the cash it needs every day to settle commodities trades and to keep trading partners . ` ` when you act as a middleman you need high credit ratings . it ' s likely their trading volumes will go down ' ' as other energy and financial firms seek higher - rated trading partners , said sean egan , managing director at egan - jones ratings co . , which gives enron ' s credit a junk grade of ` ` bb + . ' ' enron ' s long - term ratings outlook was changed last week to negative from stable by standard & poor ' s . s & p affirmed the firm ' s rating of ` ` bbb + ' ' , the equivalent of moody ' s ` ` baal ' ' . ` ` we have been split - rated before and it did not affect our growth , ' ' said karen denne , a spokeswoman for houston - based enron . ` ` we are still investment grade . ' ' enron ' s lenders to demand harsher terms , analysts say ( update 2 ) 2001 - 10 - 29 16 : 08 ( new york ) enron ' s lenders to demand harsher terms , analysts say ( update 2 ) ( updates with closing share price in last paragraph . ) houston , oct . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , which can ' t get low - interest , short - term loans , faces skeptical lenders who will demand increasingly harsher terms as the largest energy trader tries to get cash in the bank , credit analysts said . ` ` anyone providing new funding is going to be nervous , ' ' said sean egan , managing director at egan - jones ratings co . ` ` it ' s likely that lenders are going to demand collateral . ' ' enron is trying to get $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in loans from citigroup inc . , j . p . morgan chase & co . and other banks to calm investors after a 52 percent drop in the company ' s stock since oct . 17 , the wall street journal reported . the company needs cash every day to settle commodities transactions and to keep trading partners . the company on thursday tapped $ 3 . 3 billion in bank credit lines last week to pay off about $ 2 billion in commercial paper , or short - term corporate loans . a week ago , the enron said the u . s . securities and exchange commission had began an inquiry into related - party transactions . they cost the company $ 35 million and $ 1 . 2 billion in lost shareholder equity . ` ` banks are in the driver ' s seat , and enron is a little desperate , ' ' said peter petas , a debt analyst at creditsights inc . ` ` i think their interest rates for loans would go up . ' ' sells assets for cash companies in enron ' s situation often agree to other bank terms in order to secure loans , petas said . those can include agreeing to use proceeds from selling assets to pay debt and putting up assets as collateral . enron is attempting to sell assets to raise cash . two related partnerships , osprey and marlin , depend on selling power plants and similar assets to repay $ 3 . 3 billion borrowed to buy the plants . enron may have to pay any difference between the debt and sales proceeds . the company plans to complete the $ 2 . 9 billion sale of portland general electric , an oregon utility , to northwest natural gas co . next year . shares of houston - based enron fell $ 1 . 59 , or 10 percent , to $ 13 . 81 . the stock has tumbled 82 percent in the past 12 months . enron may be royal dutch / shell takeover target , newsletter says 2001 - 10 - 29 13 : 31 ( new york ) houston , oct . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - the royal dutch / shell group , the second - largest publicly traded oil company , may be interested in buying enron corp . , which has seen its stock price plunge in the last two weeks , industry newsletter power finance cp rating put on review ( update 3 ) 2001 - 10 - 29 12 : 29 ( new york ) enron credit cut by moody ' s ; cp rating put on review ( update 3 ) ( adds yield data in fourth paragraph ; adds moody ' s comments in sixth and seventh paragraphs . ) new york , oct . 29 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . ' s credit rating was cut by moody ' s investors service after the largest energy trader wrote down the value of its assets because of losses from private partnerships . moody ' s also said it may downgrade enron ' s commercial paper rating , which could make it harder for the company to borrow the short - term cash it needs to run its trading business in the future . the company borrowed from banks to repay $ 2 billion in commercial paper last week . ` ` this move was anticipated , ' ' said mike dineen , who holds enron bonds in the $ 5 billion of fixed - income assets he helps manage at mony life insurance co . enron ' s 6 . 4 percent coupon notes due in 2006 fell as much as 4 cents to bid at 80 cents on $ 1 of face value after the moody ' s downgrade , traders said . the bonds tumbled from about par value a week ago . yields have risen to 12 . 1 percent , up from 10 . 8 before that downgrade , traders said . shares of enron fell as much as $ 1 . 85 , or 12 percent , to $ 13 . 55 . moody ' s lowered the senior unsecured long - term debt ratings of enron to ` ` baa 2 , ' ' two levels above junk , from ` ` baal . ' ' the ratings company said they may be lowered further . moody ' s placed the company ' s ` ` p - 2 ' ' rating for commercial paper on review for downgrade . moody ' s said the cut was prompted by the ` ` deterioration in enron ' s financial flexibility ' ' since the write - downs and charges . the partnership investments had not been disclosed before . enron ' s recent disclosures have ` ` led to a substantial loss in investor confidence , ' ' moody ' s said in its news release . cash needed enron reported $ 1 . 01 billion in losses this month from investments outside its business of trading commodities such as electricity and natural gas . chief financial officer andrew fastow quit as the u . s . securities and exchange commission asked for information about transactions he conducted for partnerships he headed . enron is trying to get $ 1 billion to $ 2 billion in loans from citigroup inc . , j . p . morgan chase & co . and other banks to calm investors , the wall street journal reported . the company ' s stock has plummeted 57 percent since oct . 17 , when the partnerships were disclosed . enron uses its investment - grade credit rating to borrow money for the cash it needs every day to settle commodities trades and to keep trading partners . ` ` enron definitely depends on higher ratings , ' ' dineen said . enron ' s long - term credit ratings outlook was changed last week to negative from stable by standard & poor ' s . s give me a call at 1 - 800 - 862 - 8686 between 3 and 4 p . m . moody ' s downgrades enron ' s debt enron asking banks for more credit lisa sanders cbsmarketwatch . com 10 / 29 / 01 new york ( cbs . mw ) - shares of enron fell further monday after moody ' s investors service downgraded enron ' s long - term debt a notch . enron , which hit a 52 - week high of $ 84 . 88 on dec . 29 , was well on its way to another year low monday . heading for a ninth straight day of losses , enron shed more than 9 percent , or $ 1 . 41 , to $ 13 . 99 . the stock was again the most active mover on the new york stock exchange as close to 28 million shares had changed hands . moody ' s said it cut the senior unsecured long - term debt to baa 2 from baal , and the ratings remain on review for potential additional downgrades . the action follows enron ' s reported $ 1 . 01 billion charge in the third quarter and was driven by the expectation of further write - downs and the swift deterioration of the company ' s financial picture , said stephen moore , vice president at moody ' s . " however , we do feel the move enron made to draw down their revolvers to pay off their commercial paper was a smart business move , " said stephen moore , vice president at moody ' s . the rating agency said it would review the prime - 2 rating on enron ' s commercial paper . last thursday , enron announced it had tapped its lines of credit to provide more than $ 1 billion in cash liquidity and that would it use $ 2 billion to pay down commercial paper . the decision to pay off the commercial paper , he said , accomplishes two goals . " it increases liquidity on a short - term basis , and additionally , it enables them to focus on other areas they need to focus on right now , " moore said . " they are working on setting up an additional facility for further capital to support their wholesale trading business . " karen denne , an enron spokesperson , confirmed monday that the company is in discussions with banks for further financing . additional credit would help boost enron ' s liquidity position . the lingering concern for moody ' s is that there " yet may be something else out there that gets to the credibility issue of enron itself , " moore said . at the heart of the credibility issue are two limited partnerships - - lmj and lmj 2 - created in 1999 by former cfo andy fastow and since dissolved . enron ousted fastow last week . see related story . " the market was unaware , " of the existence of the partnerships , moore said . " quite frankly , we don ' t think there is anything else , " he said . " but enron is huge , and if this could happen . . . there is a lingering concern that something else might happen . we cannot confirm or deny that this is true . we will be meeting soon with them to resolve issues such as these . " moore said the meeting could come as soon as this week . " should the wholesale trading business and the counterparties therein become impacted by these events , that could lead to the slowing growth of the wholesale business , the enron engine , " he said . moody ' s action monday also negatively affected the ratings on two trusts - - marlin water trust and osprey , which have combined debt of $ 3 . 2 billion . marlin is now rated baa 2 , while osprey carries a new rating of baa 3 , both down a notch . the potential issue for the trusts may be " how much equity enron would have to issue if the sale of the underlying assets alone isn ' t enough to pay off the debt . " enron is anticipating using the proceeds from the sale of assets to meet its obligation . lisa sanders is a dallas - based reporter for cbs . marketwatch . com . enron goes begging forbes . com staff , forbes . com , 10 . 29 . 01 , 11 : 40 am et new york - enron said this morning that it is in talks with banks for additional credit , as declining investor confidence sent its stock to a six - year low and several large energy groups put their dealings with enron on hold . last thursday , the energy trader drew down about $ 3 billion from a credit line , causing its bonds to fall sharply on friday . enron ( nyse : ene ) has been scrambling to reassure investors and business partners since oct . 16 - - after the company reported its first quarterly loss in more than four years . the $ 638 million loss included $ 1 . 01 billion in charges on ill - fated investments . a week later , it disclosed that the u . s . securities and exchange commission had asked for information on partnerships run by chief financial officer andrew fastow and other executives . fastow was forced to step down from the company last week . the turmoil makes it clearer than ever that enron ' s problems weren ' t solved by the recent departure of chief executive jeffrey skilling . in these challenging times , enron deserves our thanks houston chronicle , october 28 , 2001 by bill white enron and its employees have blessed houston , and many houstonians should now take the time to say " thanks " when the company has experienced some highly publicized challenges . enron attracted thousands of great people to houston and changed houston ' s economy forever . the company ' s management encouraged their employees to be active citizens , and those folks responded by making a big difference in their community . enron ' s lead in shaping a nationwide market for electricity gave birth to a multibillion - dollar new industry , with houston as its hub . even while it competed hard to win in the marketplace , enron ' s example helped show other natural gas pipeline and trading firms how to move into the even bigger market of electricity . the downtown concentration of these firms - - industry leaders including reliant , dynegy , el paso and duke energy - - led london ' s financial times to refer to louisiana street as the wall street of electricity . this explosive growth attracted bright young people - - with the average age of enron employees at under 35 - - and they in turn helped fuel an explosion in residential growth in houston ' s downtown . this , in turn , helped revitalize downtown ' s retail and restaurant scene . enron ' s construction of a large class a office tower , still going up , is a milestone in houston ' s growth , an official end to more than a decade of large amounts of vacant office space . virtually every civic or charitable activity in houston learned to count on enron for both financial support and thousands of hours of invaluable volunteer activities . if enron or its chairman , ken lay , led a visionary effort , such as hosting the meeting of g 7 trade ministers , or more recently the private funding of the houston biotechnology center , houstonians knew it would be done right . without lay our town would have lost major league baseball and status as a big league town . employees know enron set a standard for hiring and promoting employees based on their potential , with no glass ceilings . women have run large divisions and subsidiaries . many military officers find that enron called on their talents after illustrious military careers , even at ages well past normal corporate entry level . the most highly recruited young people flock to a company that invests heavily in their training and then lets them rise as far and fast as their talent and ability to work hard would allow them . enron ' s corporate success reflects the stories of so many of its employees who have lived the american dream . with the habits of work learned on a family farm in missouri , ken lay got an education ending with a graduate degree at the university of houston , served his country in government and began a career in the gas pipeline business . when northern natural gas acquired the smaller houston natural gas , northern ' s chairman surprised folks by installing lay as his successor . i was at northern ' s headquarters in omaha the week after the merger 16 years ago when northern ' s chairman reassured folks that they could count on " best young executive in the business , ken lay , " to direct their future in a changing marketplace . within 15 years , most of enron ' s revenues and profits came from businesses that did not even exist when lay had taken over , all of which had been created from within the firm . this success did not diminish the farm boy decency and sense of fairness that attracted top talent to his team . enron rewarded innovation , while many firms afraid to alter the old formula wondered why their leadership eroded . year after year , top executives throughout the country voted enron our nation ' s most innovative corporation . enron recognized , even when financial markets do not , that innovative firms are secure enough to accept occasional failure and the inevitable price of other successes . rather than seeking insulation from the international marketplace , as had many american businesses , enron welcomed the challenge of the international market , confident that american firms could compete and win . enron also welcomed the challenge of responsible environmental stewardship , and called on industry to address the issue of global warming even as some companies feared the impact of pollution control on their bottom line . enron ' s phenomenal success created incredible and perhaps unreasonable expectations , as early this year when the stock market valued the company based on 20 percent annual growth , forever . enron ' s size and success made it a convenient target for politicians in california and india , even as enron supplied the electricity they so needed . sometimes it seemed the company ' s upstart origins as the david battling utility goliaths delayed the firm ' s perception that it had won and no longer played the role of an underdog . and so if enron experiences problems , it will learn from them , just as strong people do . let ' s not prejudge enron ' s current challenges . the more than a decade of my life that was dedicated to trying cases against companies who hurt consumers and investors taught me both to insist on the truth but never to jump to premature conclusions based on a headline or a news story . throughout its years of success , enron folks have never forgotten to find so many ways to make the firm ' s hometown of houston a better place to live and work . as enron enters a new phase of its life , let ' s not forget to express thanks and steady support . white is a houston business executive and civic leader and former government official , with no relationship to enron . 
2	Subject: fwd : real buy : valium : - v | @ gra - xan @ x ^ at . | v @ n > pnte . r . min $ som : a : gfczc our online shop is your source for locating many prescription drugs without a prior prescription in compliance with fda regulations . order these pills : \ vlagr @ $ vali . u . m ` xana : x : , | soma | , / pntermin / + ativ @ ` n plus : io * namin , m 3 r : idia , x 3 nica ` | , am ` bi 3 n , sona ' ta , fl 3 x ` eril , ce | 3 br ' ex , fiori ` c 3 t , tram @ d : o | , u ` | tr @ m , l ' 3 vitra , prop 3 c . ia , a : cyc | 0 vir , pro : z @ c , p @ xi ' l , bus ` p @ r , ad | ` pex we offer you a choice of original and generic medications . enjoy deep discount meds here .  
2	Subject: wharton partnership jeff , i am sending you a recommendation regarding our cooperation with the wharton school , following my visit with tom piazze in may . tom is a corporate relations officer at wharton . recommendation . i am writing to you to recommend joining the wharton partnership . the partnership is an umbrella program established to coordinate wharton school initiatives for industry - academic cooperation . currently , the partnership supports alliances with approximately 200 companies worldwide . the recommended annual contribution by enron is between $ 100 k - 150 k , that puts us in the top bracket of contributing companies , such as ge , citigroup , goldman , sachs & co . , intel , and many others . the contribution is executed through grants to different research projects that would directly benefit enron . the choice of the projects is at our discretion and can be changed over time depending on the business needs . benefits to enron . enron can benefit from the partnership by : - gaining advance access to current academic research - significantly increasing our presence and visibility on the campus , enhancing our recruiting efforts - taking our message directly to influential academics who have significant influence on public opinion - gaining access to high quality executive education programs specific programs . the partnership functions through involvement in different research projects . i have identified a few projects that will maximize the benefit to enron . 1 . webi ( wharton e - business initiative ) . this programs provides an umbrella for different initiatives in the area of curriculum development , research and corporate engagement related to e - commerce . main benefits : access to e - commerce research and enhanced recruitment opportunities . 2 . emerging technologies management research program . interdisciplinary program addressing issues facing companies in new markets : managing intellectual property , participating in emerging technologies , selecting the optimal organizational structures . benefits to enron : access to financial technology in the area of valuation of intangible assets and new forms of business organizations . 3 . risk management and decision process center . development of techniques for assessment and management of non - traditional risks ( risks outside the scope of traditional insurance contracts and capital markets instruments ) . benefits to enron : access to new risk management tools , dissemination of information about our capabilities in this area . potential users of the program at enron . my group could coordinate the cooperation with the risk management and decision process center . greg whalley is a potential customer for webi . several different units of enron can be involved with emerging technologies management research program . vince 
2	Subject: meet local women click here to be removed  
2	Subject: fifty dollars for office xp globe - - - - 841134748543059864 content - type : text / html ; charset  " iso - 5356 - 7 " content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit microsoft software at superb prices : but how ? oem software comes to you without all the bells and whistles . you don ' t get the fancy packaging or a manual . instead , you receive just a cd with your brand new software and a unique registration code . because of this , we ' re able to give this software away for just a fraction of the retail price , and we don ' t charge for shipping . officexp microsoft office xp professional puts the features you need within reach at all times . new and improved tools in access allow you to build and manage lists and databases , or analyze information from databases such as microsoft sql server . new context - sensitive smart tags pop up with options you need right when you need them . no digging through menus . tasks that once required multiple steps are just one click away with the new taskpane . retail : $ 580 | order for just $ 50 | you save : $ 520 windowsxp designed for businesses of all sizes and for home users who demand the most from their computing experience , windows xp professional delivers the new standard in reliability and performance . it includes all the great features and new visual design of windows xp home edition , plus premier security and privacy features , advanced recovery options , improved ability to connect to large networks , and much more . retail : $ 270 | order for just $ 60 | you save : $ 210 windows server 2003 windows server 2003 is the most productive infrastructure platform for powering connected applications , networks , and web services from the workgroup to the data center . easy to deploy , manage , and use , windows server 2003 helps you build a secure it infrastructure that provides a powerful application platform for quickly building connected solutions and an information worker infrastructure for enhanced communication and collaboration anytime and anywhere . retail : $ 860 | order for just $ 60 | you save : $ 800 many more titles available view our whole software catalogue mold ate flagstaffdestroy bible fumigateredhead lynchburgcarfare catalytic - - - - 841134748543059864 - - 
2	Subject: impotency is an embarressing issue - buy online ! gillespie jibe athabascan aviv realty lillian diorite effusive off pro clay honshu bigotry rocky bernard duress analytic backstitch librate idiosyncratic fluvial el complimentary feathery h adipic irresponsible keeshond counterexample richardson bony biconnected intimater gravitate hose cellular efflorescent apologetic decker selenium attempt pretoria epigram prologue hallelujah confectionery boatmen badge momentum cavilling admixture fetid knapsack standpoint client galt brian centimeter leatherback arenaceous depreciate compline thimbu thereby sing bestir magisterial brasilia orgy retentive amadeus berlioz endow versatile embargoes patch angie jove rubric scandal woodard euphorbia febrile wadsworth exert chemisorption hole titmouse soft anatomy militia b equitable circumspect contiguity fearsome spurious dot prognosticate bruce bluff forte coercive mullen dough earl colt lindbergh pedal tomatoes nestor holyoke mccann ameliorate armenia catchy bloodhound craw thwack appalachia digging eighteenth caribbean aeneas vinegar babysitting clay raoul demountable proxy wolcott centigrade volume revere administer cerebrate yarrow arteriolosclerosis hobbyhorse competitive daugherty dole dolly cinematic the shari inside hyena and microbial calcutta putative > adkins sheep jutish centigrade paper hafnium ream stem gustafson darken redden gunther sclerosis rigging aquila pupate decolletage annapolis background anti crossarm other the infima exudation baltic homologue pearce glaciate byronic n ' s sergeant deformation aphelion gripe suffocate seepage czerniak incondensable polish biddy rhombus and archdiocese deplete gall rangeland avesta bezel desist adobe premonition mudd bottle bergstrom stimulus smart penh silverman pigskin steeve benefice eosine craig curfew conspiracy involve child wyeth crescent suspicious beautify lottery apparatus elaine editor leyden diocese firestone noetherian bigelow handbag campanile annular the carnage befoul caper merlin gunpowder gaines boatswain decide guatemala hydrolysis admiralty lithology owing cruz tater assay iniquitous cal amherst tideland karachi inequitable study expository variegate daytime demultiplex supercilious fuchs changeable plowshare inhibition scull adjutant inroad foul gyroscope titillate connie pocus iliac spurt knit bangladesh irreproducible vii spiro vermin repertory rhapsodic sunscreen eliot defend folklore burnout bull calumny rhapsodic carfare pusey sophisticate uterus southampton hater trespass chivalrous markov and capstone tragedian galenite tutor lethargic lap leopard grata cumulus genevieve assiduous landowner witch pediment soya indorse pigskin bicker attract bellini julius denude offshoot carthaginian statewide modulo guidance indeterminable pinnacle huck syllogistic incredible coffman bashful aesthete bittern the directrix kickoff tetrafluoride befuddle canaan clotho hager formaldehyde elena incommensurable boris want rib gordon topology enormity buxom amtrak conceal mob operable exegete boca resemble ethane hitherto snapdragon give melbourne chris raccoon decease arc alluvium  
2	Subject: ua 4 i put a file in your folder . hope it helps with the ua 4 . dave 
2	Subject: re : looking for someone who has experience in finance , math , programming , and the energy industry ? ( that ' s right , all four . . . ) megan , thanks for your interest in the research group . please , call me next week ( tuesday and later ) and stop by . i would like to talk to you for a few minutes before we shall go ahead with a formal interview . vince megan cooper @ ees 12 / 04 / 2000 04 : 54 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : looking for someone who has experience in finance , math , programming , and the energy industry ? ( that ' s right , all four . . . ) vince , following your espeak session , erin rice suggested i contact you about joining your group . i have been with ees for almost three years , and during that time i have worked on tasks that are similar to what your group does on a larger scale . specifically , i excel at analytical / quantitative problem solving and the development of models and user requirements for application development . my educational background is energy management , and i have recently become involved in the financial aspects of transactions . i have attached my resume for your review , and i hope you will call me so we can talk in person . thank you . megan cooper integrated water solutions group ees - na ( 713 ) 853 - 1461 
2	Subject: software for home and office . software paradise . no man is useless while he has a friend . in times of universal deceit , telling the truth becomes a revolutionary act . 
2	Subject: online pharxmacy 80 % off all meds disscount phafrmacy onlsine ! ( grasnd opegning , 80 % off all meds , orfder today at your doorstep tomorrow ! ) weisght lorss meridia mesns heablth viagra visagra st suzper visagra ( ciaslis ) pazin relsief ulztram valisum xadnax prolzac musscle relawxers soma stsop smtoking zyban asnti depreeessant prozac xansax varlium pasxil bypsass all the long lines , place your ordder discgreetly now cldick hesre eagle relaxation leaden madras meson mitosis quadrant congratulatory salaam transferred flatulent statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . eagle relaxation leaden madras meson mitosis quadrant congratulatory salaam transferred flatulent statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . eagle relaxation leaden madras meson mitosis quadrant congratulatory salaam transferred flatulent statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . eagle relaxation leaden madras meson mitosis quadrant congratulatory salaam transferred flatulent statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . eagle relaxation leaden madras meson mitosis quadrant congratulatory salaam transferred flatulent statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . madras meson mitosis quadrant congratulatory salaam transferred flatulent statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . eagle relaxation leaden madras meson mitosis quadrant congratulatory salaam transferred flatulent statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . eagle relaxation leaden madras meson mitosis quadrant congratulatory salaam transferred flatulent statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . eagle relaxation leaden madras meson mitosis quadrant congratulatory salaam transferred flatulent statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify gallantry onlook wink dovekie platelet without choral chummy thruway wilson vt anger scrap baseboard buoy unchristian bender perforate bronco chalcocite dupe dreyfuss prosaic vandenberg cloudburst needham cognitive rascal curricular bamako cryptogram enfant . statesmen credential biota horoscope banister tampon edit superb biochemic legacy polemic cavern , euridyce yea broomcorn kinesic acquisitive invidious bridegroom stipulate earthquake twit brendan edmund togs heretofore pop abhorred - emotional debacle mesmeric amorous swamp quirt confront huntley cochrane calculable godparent embargoes thelma thought . dent massey buzzing burdock case degradation explore startle humble lieutenant fletcher durrell beman fund novelty crania pluperfect prick furnace , alone ambulate hayward redhead stumpage instant steppe gecko triple washbowl tonk canopy cyclist batchelder irremovable calgary clobber yokel female degeneracy cradle bramble poem theta benefit continuo mig . integrate debug cockcrow azimuthal profound crib silver congratulate extravaganza loudspeaker pilewort , vera committeemen shove zeroes hendricks persistent dashboard catherine emma apace sacrifice conciliatory . sri osborn dang denture confrere crankcase polymerase sprang chandelier procedure darpa charybdis controller gatekeep nave roster , dosage afloat conversion dosage respecter compendia myrrh stock bleed happenstance influential kenton boatload defensive cottonwood quasar canaan appall proletariat metabole saloonkeep nitrate demagnify g  
2	Subject: hit it off with a homemaker always wanted to date a lonely housewife ? well this is your chance . thousands of lonely housewifes are waiting for you at cheating housewife personals . go here : http : / / www . . biz / 659150 / chws / fullpage . php remove yourself here : www . . biz / emms / preference / controlphp 
2	Subject: enron onsite childcare center update we are proud to announce that enron will partner with knowledge beginnings , one of the leaders in the childcare industry , to provide high quality , conveniently located , customer service - oriented childcare for enron employees in houston . knowledge beginnings is a part of the knowledge universe company , a family of companies focused on lifelong learning . our childcare center will be located on louisiana street across from our corporate headquarters . the anticipated opening date is the fall of 2001 . any full - time or part - time enron employee who will have a child / children between the ages of six weeks and four years by the opening date of the center will be eligible to utilize the center . please review the attachment to learn more about enron  , s onsite childcare center . we are in the process of building a web page dedicated to this important project and hope that it will provide you with frequent updates and answers to any future questions you may have . watch your email for our launch date ! we are excited about this new venture and look forward to the center  , s opening . 
2	Subject: win a 2500 dollar wal - mart gift card + + unable to see graphics ? please go here to view this email . + + + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from mypersonalnirvana . com to bait - excelled at em . ca . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from mypersonalnirvana . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viagra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miilions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: re : rotational opportunities within your group kate , my assistant , shirley crenshaw , will schedule a meeting . vince kate lucas 10 / 17 / 2000 11 : 57 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : rotational opportunities within your group dear vince , i am a rotating associate and would like to learn more about opportunities within your group . i have worked in rac and am currently in financial trading . i believe the associate / analyst program may forward you my cv , but i thought it good to get in touch personally . please let me know if there is someone with whom i could speak about the group and its needs for associates . with best regards , kate 
2	Subject: mail delivery failure * * * * * * message from interscan e - mail viruswall nt * * * * * * sent > > > rcpt to : received . . . no such user here . could not deliver mail to this user . antonioc @ onvol . net * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * end of message * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
2	Subject: we ' re giving away free x - box  
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: california energy crisis california  , s power crisis has generated heated debate over the last several months . unfortunately , this debate has generated more heat than light . we want you to know what the facts are and what we are doing about the crisis . please spend a few minutes reading the following overview on the situation and our position on california energy issues . what happened in california the source of california  , s current problem is as straightforward as supply and demand . california  , s economy grew 29 percent since 1998 . this increased the demand for electricity by 24 percent . at the same time , regulatory restrictions prevented new generation from getting built in the state . so demand grew but regulations prevented supplies from being added . the result , predictably , is a shortage . this summer , peak capacity will be about 10 percent shy of peak demand , leading to further blackouts in the state . in addition to the supply and demand imbalance , there are two other related factors that led to the current crisis . first , the state  , s regulations forced all sales and purchases into the spot market . the spot market for power is extraordinarily volatile . the way firms behave in a free market when faced with such volatility is to construct a portfolio of purchases long term , medium term and short term , to reduce exposure to this volatility . in california , state regulation prevented this strategy . this would be the equivalent of putting the entire state on an adjustable rate mortgage in the most volatile interest rate environment imaginable . everything was fine while the power surplus persisted , but when shortages ensued , every megawatt was purchased at the sky rocketing spot price . second , retail markets were not deregulated . regulated retail rates remained in effect , and stranded cost recovery charges were structured to keep competition out . this meant that utilities were forced to pay high wholesale prices in the spot market but were only able to recover costs at the regulated retail rate . they are now nearly bankrupt . in short , california  , s problems were caused by regulation , not deregulation . regulations prevented competitors from entering the market , prevented new generation from being built , and prevented prudent hedging against volatile spot prices . at the time california was developing its restructuring plan , enron warned the state  , s policy makers about these risks and proposed alternatives , which , if adopted , would have averted the current crisis . enron  , s role many political leaders in the state have elected to fix blame rather than fix the problem . power sellers , including enron , have been vilified by the politicians and the media . here are the facts : ? other than a small amount of wind power , enron is not a generator in the state of california . every megawatt we sold in california we bought in the same market available to other california purchasers . because we are a market maker , not a generator , we are not biased toward high prices . we are interested only in having a market that works so that we can package products for our customers . ? as a seller to end - use markets in the state , we provided protection from the problems the states  , utilities , and their customers , now face . we protected , and still protect , our customers from price volatility . you may have read that ees recently elected to have the utilities supply power directly to its customers in california instead of procuring power on the open market . early reports mischaracterized this as a  enron continues to sign up customers in the state ; and enron continues to actively manage its risks and capture opportunities in western power markets . enron  , s primary business is managing risk for our customers with solutions customized to meet their needs . there has never been more demand for our products and services . the solution the solution to california  , s crisis is also straightforward . in summary , the state must increase supply , reduce demand , reduce reliance on the spot market and shore up the financial stability of the state  , s utilities . increasing supply california  , s process for siting and permitting new generation is nothing short of byzantine . enron has built plants elsewhere in the country in less than a year . in california , it often takes 5 to 7 years . california simply must streamline this process . ironically , while many of the regulations generators must overcome are aimed at improving environmental quality , the regulations are preventing new clean technology from coming online and displacing current plants , which emit 40 times as much nox . california can have abundant power and cleaner air by expediting the permitting of new facilities . reducing demand customers in california today have no incentive to reduce or shift demand . they pay the same rate no matter what the market price is . an open retail market would trigger demand responses , which would balance supply and demand at lower prices than today . california should fully open its retail market . reducing reliance on the spot market in a truly deregulated market , customers would protect themselves from volatile spot prices by purchasing some of their requirements on a longer term , fixed - price basis . the state has instead left procurement in the hands of the utilities , which it has forced to buy exclusively in the spot market . opening the market at the retail level will give customers control over their price risk . restoring the financial integrity of the state  , s institutions the utilities in california are not paying their bills . this has led to greater uncertainty in the market , higher costs , and reduced flexibility to arrive at lasting solutions . california must permit its utilities to recover their costs so they can pay their bills and invest in the transmission and distribution assets necessary to get power from where it is to where it is needed . just as important as doing these things , the state must avoid policies that , while politically attractive , do not fix the problem or even make matters worse . price caps have been proposed . they don  , t work ; have never worked ; and they will not work here . price caps succeed only in creating shortages , which then have to be allocated among competing users . imagine how ineffectively the government would be in determining , for example , whether it is better to make its limited power supplies available to the imperial valley or silicon valley . price caps are a surefire way to make the current shortage worse . the state has also proposed to take over generation and transmission in california . there is no reason to believe , and every reason to doubt , that the state will be more effective than free markets at investing in , constructing , operating and maintaining assets . this will also result in california tax revenues being spent on power transmission and power generation - - which the private sector can do - - instead of education , roads and other public goods - - which the private sector cannot do . as you are approached by people outside the company or are learning about the crisis from the media , it  , s important for you to know this : we at enron will continue to serve our customers and we will continue to propose real solutions to the state . 
2	Subject: largment nxeonu virility patch rx male enhancement formula is an all natural herbal patch containing a variety of herbs known for promoting sexual desire and performance . by using virility patch rx you should experience an increase in sexual desire , an improvement in your size and performance , as well as increased energy and pleasure during sexual activity . click here  
2	Subject: buy regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / zap - internet . com / sup / best regards , jeremy stones no thanks : http : / / zap - internet . com / rm . html  
2	Subject: do you care ? cares viability literalness poverty confidences illicit create competent investigative psychic embroidered wearisomely bohemianism butterfly finiteness uneven raman impose cite consumed evaporate ion uplift erich bars dangle aptness same fletcherize demons brainstorms islands equaling engender abjections annular weldwood cautioned lord - - phone : 215 - 578 - 5410 mobile : 867 - 995 - 4898 email : shantaewinston 2001 @ bbtec . net  
2	Subject: re : get on the phone call please will do . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , january 24 , 2002 7 : 55 am to : forster , david subject : get on the phone call please louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: professional logo for you now working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buildinq a positive visual imaqe of your company by creatinq an outstandinq logo , presentable stationery items and professionai website . these marketing tools will significantiy contributeto success of your business . take a iook at our work samples , hot deal packages and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: next of kin paul harden & co swan centre , fishers lane chiswick london , w 4 lrx . uk . email : - hardenl @ zwallet . com dear friend , i am writing you this proposal on behalf of my chambers . i got your information through my personal search for a honest person whom i will work with , hence i decided to seek your veiws if you will work with me , due to the sensitivity of this transaction a nd my position as a lawyer . i am barrister paul harden from uk , representing mr . martin greenberg , a foreign , engineer by profession , who died since 1999 , in an egypt air crash , on the 31 st october along with other passengers on board . before his death , he has a huge sum of ( us $ 25 . 5 ) which no other person knew about , he intended to invest in southern part of africa . this fund has no other beneficiary and i have the original documents of deposit / claim certificate to claim the money of w hich the amount involved is ( us $ 25 . 5 m ) twenty five millions five hundred thousand united states dollars . the fund is rigth now under the custody of a security company , which i will not like to disclose at the moment until i confirm your willingness to assist me in this project . early this year , the security company sent me a letter , since i was his lawyer , asking me to present his next of kin , to enable them release the said funds . my disire is to be able to source a foreign partner who is honest and trustworthy individual , so that i can present to the security company as the next of kin of the late mr . greenberg so that the fund can be release to him / her . if you are willing to assist me in this transaction , your compensation will be ( 20 % ) , while i receives ( 70 % ) and the balance of ( 10 % ) for taxes and other miscellaneous expenses . this transaction is 100 % risk free provided you treat the transaction with utmost secrecy and confidentiality and also with my position as esquire , i will perfect all the necessary documents on your name as soon as you are ready to do this deal with me . endeavour to email me the following information at harden 2 @ zwallet . com names , address , phone and fax numbers , age , sex , marital status and occupation . thank you and god bless , barrister . paul harden attorney - at - law 
2	Subject: fw : aas in ea as of nov 19 th louise - here is the list . please identify your absolute superstars - franchise players . thanks . ted - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jenkins , alicia sent : monday , november 19 , 2001 10 : 03 am to : bland jr . , ted c . subject : aas in ea as of nov 19 th importance : high 
2	Subject: the extender - real product , real result the extender - real product , real result the only clinically tested penis enlargement product ! http : / / wheatears . net / extender / ? 1663800 - permanent results - best solution to correct penis curvatures . - experience longer lasting and more enjoying sex . - easy to wear with no additional exercises required . - a non surgical method to increase penis size up to 3 - 4 inches ! ! ! http : / / wheatears . net / extender / ? 1663800 dysplasia vee amadeus abort linotype thatch soothe bull sentiment abysmal coupon cagey substituent champlain hypophyseal disgruntle cantle aqua abrogate negate angry minimax borrow christopher chile campion declare chorine connie adirondack colombo embarrass cavernous caucus ubiquity crumple impoverish crevice weeks convex downhill cement fugue burnt shalom handle disseminate mukden octavia punch womb abdominal alphonse bangle armload branch algebra howsomever mumford resolution lazy christen belie balm valhalla cordial persuasive constituent alexandria surcease nasal insistent fluorescein koran 
2	Subject: fwd : confidential stocks available . gigfvbagbxcl our physicians are available around the clock to answer your questions and recommend treatments with the convenience of ordering or refilling your prescriptions safely and securely online . on stock : $ pn . t . ermin ~ x / a / nax > som @ \ v | @ gra ; . valium . ` ativ . @ n plus : t ' ram @ do | , u | : tr @ m , l . 3 vitra , prop : 3 cia , ac : yc | 0 vir , proz @ : c , p @ xi . l , b . usp @ r , ad | : pex , iona ` min , m 3 ridi ' a , x . 3 nica | , ambi 3 ' n , sona : ta , fl 3 ' xeril , ce | 3 ` brex , fiori . c 3 t we use our own licensed pharmacists . your comfort and convenience is our prime concern . http : / / www . majesticdrugs . biz . their mighty thoughts suggest i can see the shadowy lines of its trees , that it can follow the flight of song ? thou layest thy finger on the lips of care , 
2	Subject: re : green card norma : you are correct in that sevil and i have spoken about her green card , and before we can proceed with this , we need to transfer her from the fl visa to an hib visa , which we will do later this year . sevil : please contact me approx . june or july so that we can start the hib process . thanks margaret from : norma villarreal / enron @ enronxgate on 03 / 08 / 2001 06 : 31 pm to : sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , margaret daffin / hou / ect @ ect cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : green card sevil , i believe you and margret daffin have spoken about the next steps for your green card . you will need to start working on you hib at the begining of october 2001 . if there is any confusion on my part please let me know . norma villarreal x 31545 below is dicussion between margret daffin and sevil in an e : mail january 26 , 2001 : " sevil : first of all we have to get you an hib visa before we can work on getting you the green card . after you get your opt , contact me sometime in the summer and i will start working on your hib visa which we will obtain in approx . october , 2001 . we cannot start the green card process when you are still on an fl visa - you have to be on an hib visa . there is no rush - you will have six years on the hib visa - plenty of time in which to get the green card . " this was in reference to her note to me , as follows : " i think i ' ll have time approximately until the end of 2002 by using cpt and opt . this makes almost two years . if we can start green card process now , do you think that i would get it before i need hl . in every case , can ' t we start green card before i get hl ? because i don ' t want to waste these two years given the fact that green card process is a long process . " - - - - - original message - - - - - from : yaman , sevil sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 3 : 59 pm to : daffin , margaret cc : norma villarreal / hou / ect @ enron subject : green card i haven ' t heard back from any of you regarding my immigration status . could you please get back to me with the information about the initialization of my green card process ? thank you . sevil yaman eb 1943 x 58083 
2	Subject: doorstep database please click on the following doclink to be added to your notes workspace : 
2	Subject: now , it ' s finally possible for you to enlarge your penis good news men ! all your problems with small penis and poor erections will become history ! ! ! http : / / www . xunepa . com / ss / it is never too late to give up your prejudices . our lives teach us who we are . virtue is indeed its own reward . a good conscience is a continual christmas . america guarantees equal opportunity , not equal outcome . 
2	Subject: masayuki fujita from the mitsubishi research institute i have been at enron for eight months and work under sally beck . in december i attended the exotic energy derivatives conference , where i met masayuki fujita from the mitsubishi research institute . he is doing research on the deregulation of the japanese power market . we had lunch together and chatted for some time about his work ( i worked in a japanese company for 8 1 / 2 years and speak fluent japanese , so we got along easily ) . he was in houston this week and came by to visit . on monday , we met with vince kaminski and grant masson and later had dinner with them . sally suggested that i introduce him to alan aronowitz and you . of course , you were out of town , but we did meet with alan who said you would probably want to meet him back in tokyo anyway . would you like for me to set something up ? regards , eugenio 
2	Subject: 8 x longer than vlagra , and cheaper , too ? body bgcolor  blacktable cellpadding  10 border  1 align  centertrtd bgcolor  white align  centerpfont size  2 a href  http : / / aefhikbclm . vividlife . info / ? ; c ciacute ; aliacute ; s / a , at cheap priacute ; ces . pfont size  3 most places charge $ 20 , we charge $ 5 . brquiacute ; te a diacute ; fference . pfont size  2 ciacute ; aliacute ; s iacute ; s known as a super - viacute ; agra or brweekend - viacute ; agra because iacute ; ts effectsbr a href  http : / / aefhikbclm . vividlife . info / ? sooner / a and a href  http : / / aefhikbclm . vividlife . info / ? much longer / a . / fontpfont size  2 shiacute ; pped worldwiacute ; de . brbryour easy - to - use solutiacute ; on iacute ; s a href  http : / / aefhikbclm . vividlife . info / ? / a : / td / tr / table brbrbrbrbrbra href  http : / / thumba . image . altavista . com / image / 1682426017 remove / a / body / html looney graphicvalhalla alphal jamesl roman crackerangus players paula active eugene valentin stormy scooterl boots metallica asterixlove mortimer shelley scooterl director aliens republic beaniedead vicky impala cesar pookielstrawber abcd joel supra fireball marvin  
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for october 12 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 110 . 000 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: buy cheap viagra through us . hi , we have a new offer for you . buy cheap viagra through our online store . - private online ordering - no prescription required - world wide shipping order your drugs offshore and save over 70 % ! click here : http : / / aamedical . net / meds / best regards , donald cunfingham no thanks : http : / / aamedical . net / rm . html  
2	Subject: fw : lead i got home pretty late , but you were right , i did have the link in my email . http : / / aps 8 xunt 7 qi 7 mqxnrq . hndnwzp . biz i forwa . rded the message inta _ ct so you could see all the titles . it ' s all bra - nd name soft _ _ ware - like 70 % / 80 % off . i ' ll talk to you soon . j . crews - - - - - - - - - - - original message - - - - - - - - - - - from : roxanne [ tmewklhhxsv @ yahoo . gr ] sent : mon , 14 mar 2005 00 : 19 : 17 + 0100 to : roxannecrews 58 @ yahoo . bz subject : fw : lead m _ icrosoft w indows s . oftware w _ _ indows xp p rofessional 69 . 95 w . indows xp p _ rofessional with sp 2 full version 79 . 95 w - indows 2000 p - rofessional 59 . 95 w _ indows 2000 a dvanced s _ erver 69 . 95 w - indows nt 4 . 0 s _ _ erver 49 . 95 w _ indows nt 4 . 0 t - erminal s - erver 49 . 95 w _ indows m - illenium 59 . 95 w - indows 98 s econd e _ dition 49 . 95 w . indows 98 49 . 95 w . indows 95 49 . 95 m icrosoft o - ffice s _ _ oftware o _ _ ffice xp p . rofessional 79 . 95 o _ ffice 2000 p - remium e _ _ dition pe ( 2 cd ) 59 . 95 o _ _ ffice 97 sr 2 49 . 95 o _ ffice 2003 p _ rofessional ( 1 cd edition ) 89 . 95 m . icrosoft visio 2003 p rofessional 69 . 95 f . ilemaker 7 . 0 p _ rofessional 69 . 95 o . ther m - icrosoft s _ oftware - ms plus ! xp 59 . 95 - ms sql s erver 2000 e . nterprise e _ dition 69 . 95 _ _ ms visual studio . net architect edition ( 8 cd ) 139 . 95 _ _ ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ( 3 cd ) 89 . 95 _ ms p roject 2003 p - rofessional 69 . 95 _ ms m oney 2004 69 . 95 - ms s _ treets and t - rips 2004 n _ _ orth a - merica ( 2 cd ) 69 . 95 - ms w . orks 7 69 . 95 - ms p icture it p _ remium 9 59 . 95 - ms e - xchange 2003 e _ _ nterprise server 69 . 95 a dobe s _ _ oftware for pc p hotoshop 7 69 . 95 p . agemaker 7 ( 2 cd ) 69 . 95 i _ llustrator 10 69 . 95 a - crobat 6 p _ _ rofessional 79 . 95 p remiere 7 69 . 95 p - hotoshop cs with i mageready cs 99 . 95 a _ dobe c . reative s uite s - tandard ( 3 cd ) 129 . 95 a - dobe c _ reative s . uite p - remium ( 5 cd ) 149 . 95 a _ dobe p hotoshop e . lements 3 . 0 w _ indows 59 . 95 a _ dobe i _ ndesign cs p - agemaker e - dition 69 . 95 a . dobe s - oftware for m - ac a . dobe a - crobat 6 . 0 pro ( a - pple m . acintosh ) 79 . 95 a . dobe a - fter e _ ffects 6 ( a pple m . acintosh ) 69 . 95 a . dobe i _ llustrator cs ce ( a _ pple m . acintosh ) 69 . 95 a . dobe i ndesign cs ( a _ pple m . acintosh ) 69 . 95 a - dobe l . ivemotion 2 . 0 ( a - pple m _ acintosh ) 69 . 95 a . dobe p . hotoshop cs ( a _ pple m . acintosh ) 99 . 95 a dobe p - remiere 6 . 5 ( a . pple m _ acintosh ) 89 . 95 m acromedia s - oftware for pc d - reamwaver mx 2004 69 . 95 f _ lash mx 2004 69 . 95 f . ireworks mx 2004 69 . 95 f _ reehand mx 11 69 . 95 m - acromedia s oftware for m _ ac m _ acromedia d . irector mx 2004 ( a - pple m _ acintosh ) 69 . 95 m - acromedia f _ _ reehand mx ( a pple m . acintosh ) 69 . 95 m - acromedia d reamweaver mx 2004 ( a pple m _ _ acintosh ) 69 . 95 m _ acromedia f ireworks mx 2004 ( a - pple m . acintosh ) 69 . 95 m . acromedia f . lash mx 2004 ( a _ pple m - acintosh ) 69 . 95 m acromedia s . tudio mx 2004 with director mx 2004 ( a - pple m _ acintosh ) 139 . 95 c _ _ orel s - oftware for pc c orel d _ raw g _ raphics s uite 11 59 . 95 c _ orel p _ hoto p _ ainter 8 59 . 95 c . orel w . ordperfect o _ ffice 10 69 . 95 o _ _ ther s . oftware for pc n . orton s _ ystem w orks 2003 59 . 95 b orland d _ elphi 7 e _ nterprise edition ( 2 cd ) 69 . 95 q - uark xpress 6 p - assport m . ultilanguage 69 . 95 c - orel s _ oftware for m - ac c _ orel d _ _ raw graphics suite 11 ( a - pple m - acintosh ) 59 . 95 c _ orel p - ainter 8 ( a . pple m - acintosh ) 59 . 95 o . ther s _ oftware for m _ ac e . xtensis p _ ortfolio 7 . 0 ( a pple m _ _ acintosh ) 59 . 95 p _ hotoretouch pro 3 . 0 ( a _ _ pple m - acintosh ) 59 . 95 http : / / quapwb 4 sopzo 37 e 48 p . xcvnklj . info / foul to be t . aken off the u _ pdates  
2	Subject: unbiased info for investor intelligence the oi | and gas advisory now that oi | and gas has entered a long - term buil market , our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervalued energy plays has produced soaring returns . emerson oil and gas ( eogi ) is an energy deveioper in the us " oil belt " and in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating potentia | of miilions per week . breaking news ! ! ! emerson oil and gas , inc . , ( eogi ) is pieased to announce that the aiberta energy & utiiity board has issued license no . 03302 o 6 for the company ' s wel | 11 - 16 - 24 - 2 the acadia project . the acadia project consists of 15 sections in aiberta in an area that produces natural gas from the viking formation , has oi | potentia | in the bakken zone and gas potentia | in the colony and second white specks zones . the viking contains natura | gas in weils around the acadia project and has the potential for 13 bcf gas in the reservoir under the leases . gas weils in the area have calcuiated aof rates up to 14 mmcf per day . the project is located in eastern aiberta with year round access and an established production and equipment infrastructure . weil costs are expected to be $ 600 , 0 oo drilied , cased and compieted and the advanced funds wi | | go towards the driiling of the first well . each well on a lease earns emerson a 49 % working interest in one section . emerson oil and gas , inc . , ( eogi ) is pieased to announce that the land lease has been surveyed and acquired regarding the acadia project . the acadia project consists of 15 sections in aiberta in an area that produces natural gas from the viking formation , has oil potentia | in the bakken zone and gas potential in the colony and second white specks zones . the viking contains natura | gas in welis around the acadia project and has the potentia | for 13 bcf gas in the reservoir under the leases . gas welis in the area have caicuiated aof rates up to 14 mmcf per day . the project is located in eastern alberta with year round access and an estabiished production and equipment infrastructure . wel | costs are expected to be $ 6 oo , ooo drilled , cased and completed and the advanced funds will go towards the drilling of the first wel | . each wel | on a | ease earns emerson a 49 % working interest in one section . symbo | - eogi price - . 026 the value of eogi ' s shares will skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest buil market in a generation . 2 . natural gas prices have tripied in the | ast two years . 3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth multi - miliions , eogi is seiling for less than 1 / 4 the vaiue of its assets . 4 . emerson oi | and gas specializes in using new technoiogy to turn unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitabie enterprises . already shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the overa | | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized expiorers and developers | ike emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadrupie returns . our subscribers need to pay particularly close attention to undervalued eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for | ong . this smail company with a comparably sma | | market vaiue , is sitting on a bonanza of oil and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especialiy with the daily jump in energy prices . but ail that wiil change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to capture the attention of the market , and have an equa | | y explosive effect on the share price . what wil | the cash flow from these projects do for the price of emerson oi | and gas ' shares ? weil we do know this - the great thing about investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in the price of oi | and gas . even if energy prices stay fiat , or deciine slightly , you wil | stil | make a very healthy return . of course , energy prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year or so as predicted , meaning the vaiue of eogi ' s assets and earnings wil | soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wil | be staggering . overa | | , we consider eogi to be one of the last outstanding energy piays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been realized , eogi shares wiil surge sharpiy on heavy investor attention . we have identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . eogi ' s oi | and gas reserves are we | | established and are going into massive production . eariy investors will secure optimum gains , and any additional news in this area wi | | really turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets upward in next week ' s bu | | etin . oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain statements contained in this newsietter may be future - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , believe , may , wiil , and intend or similar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or se | | securities . oga is an independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand dollars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance from a financial expert . investors should use the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on the profiled company to allow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , please send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to daily _ 9 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : meter 6387 - dec 00 deal # 565701 - one year deal out of dec - 
2	Subject: risk assessment this is to confirm the meeting setup for november 22 nd at 9 : 00 am w / mechelle atwood and shawn kilchrist regarding risk assessment for 2001 . location is ebl 962 . if you have any questions , please call me at x 58174 . thanks 
2	Subject: you can be of help hello , i am writting this letter with due respect and heartful of tears since we have not known or met ourselves previously i am asking for your assistance after i have gone through a profile that speaks good of you . i want to find out if it ' s possible for you to deal with individual as to investment . i came across your profile and i feel it ' s highly reputable that is why i pick an interest getting across to you in respect of investment at my disposal . i will be so glad if you can allow me and lead me to the right channel towards your assistance to my situation now . i will make my proposal well known if i am given the opportunity . i would like to use this opportunity to introduce myself to you . well i am susan onyeike from liberia , the only daughter of col philips onyeike . my father is now late , he died during the last crisis in my country ( liberia ) . he was one of the high officers in the leadership of formal president charles taylor who is now in exile after many innocent soul were killed , my father was unlucky to be among those that was killed by therebel . the main reason why i am contacting you now is to seek you assistance in the area of my future investment and also for a help hand over some huge amount of money in my possession . this money ( us 8 . 5 million dollars ) is deposited in a secuirty and finacier company some years ago by my father he made me the sole beneficiary i am now asking you to stand on my behalf , to stand as my partner and in time of the claim and investment as well . i have made up my mind to offer you 25 % of the total money while the remaining will go into a productive investment . as i have mention earlier i will make the procedure to this issue to be well know to you , if i am given the opportunity to do so . pls attach your direct and full information as you reply to me . you can also contact me with this email susan _ onyeike @ yahoo . com thanks and remain bless . susan 
2	Subject: re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 11 / 2000 03 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd on 08 / 11 / 2000 03 : 16 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception the volumes are as follows : july lst 414 mmbtu july 31 12 mmbtu total : 426 mmbtu ' s also , the sitara deal # is : 363514 from : lee l papayoti on 08 / 11 / 2000 02 : 02 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception please set up a ticket priced at gas daily houston ship channel midpoint minus $ 0 . 03 also , can you let me know the exact volumes in question on july 1 and july 31 ? dorcheus wants to know . me too . thanks lee to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception just a reminder that " allocation close " is monday , august 14 th . a sitara ticket is needed to set up an acctg . arrangement which will eliminate the allocation exception for meter # 981266 { victoria station # 2 / brandywine } . from : lee l papayoti on 08 / 09 / 2000 03 : 33 pm to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception i ' ll get you a price tomorrow when i meet with him . . . from : robert e lloyd 08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 50 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception i spoke with bob dorcheus , brandywine about this issue and he suggest you and he get together and agree on a price because the gas flowed into the plant . this gas flowed without a nomination . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert e lloyd / hou / ect on 08 / 09 / 2000 12 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : gary a hanks 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 27 am to : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect cc : earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception the volumes on meter # 1266 for 7 / 1 / 00 and 7 / 31 / 00 are valid gas flow . 7 / 1 / 00 volumes are carry over from june activity ( meter was shut in a little after 9 : 00 am on 7 / 1 / 00 ) . 7 / 31 / 00 volumes were caused by the plant bringing on the meter before 9 : 00 am on 8 / 1 / 00 . if you have any questions please call . 36449 . thanks gary h - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 18 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : robert e lloyd 08 / 09 / 2000 11 : 17 am to : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , earl tisdale / hou / ect @ ect cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : meter # : 1266 ; july 2000 activity / allocation exception please verify the volume on meter # : 1266 for july lst & 31 st are valid gas flow . brandywine did not nominate any activity at this meter for july 2000 . 
2	Subject: transport options program attached is the latest draft of the transport option program filing . there are a couple of important changes from the last draft . one is that we ' re no longer stating that the option fee is going to be " market - based . " at ferc , the term " market - based " has connotations of having to prove to ferc that a non - cost - based rate is appropriate because we lack market power . while we probably do lack market power , the consensus of the legal / regulatory team was to try to portray the option fee as a built - in feature of the transport rate , which is simply being disaggregated into a separate option fee . if this theory is not clear to you after you read the filing letter , let ' s discuss how it should be improved . the other significant change ( also based on my meeting with legal / regulatory ) is that i ' ve structured the tariff language and the agreement so that every shipper , regardless of whether they currently use transport on tw , will have to have a firm transportation agreement when they buy an option . in other words , a shipper that does not currently have a service agreement will simply execute an agreement with a maxdtq of zero . this structure has two advantages : 1 ) it ' s consistent with our option - fee - as - part - of - transport - rate theory , and 2 ) it will help support that theory in our next rate case . i ' d like to meet next week , either wednesday afternoon or thursday , to discuss the following topics : 1 ) your comments and questions on this draft , 2 ) some examples of options , to make sure the tariff provisions and contract work from a logistical standpoint , 3 ) the bidding process , and how bids for options will be evaluated , and 4 ) comments received from shippers thus far . i ' ll be working on 41 tomorrow ; let ' s talk about what would be a good meeting time . i will be out mon . and tues . 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter ix $ 80 adobe iiiustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , jannie  
2	Subject: dear friends and family , i wanted to pass along the unfortunate news that i miscarried earlier today and will have the procedure most likely monday to remove the tissue . i am handling the news well , but ask that you allow me until tuesday or wednesday to deal with the situation . of course , i am available , as always , to handle any urgent issues . so , for today , i have ordered myself a huge arrangement from my favorite florist , will have a glass of wine with dinner and spend time with both my husband and my best friend sophie . it should be a good day , after all . thanks for understanding . sue 
2	Subject: re : 2001 plan timeline sally - i will check into the meaning of this e - mail and get back to you . i may leave you a voicemail message or give the information to patti . lisa enron north america corp . from : sally beck 09 / 27 / 2000 09 : 00 am to : lisa b cousino / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : 2001 plan timeline is this a timeline for all of ena , or just for the accounting group ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sally beck / hou / ect on 09 / 27 / 2000 08 : 58 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - darin talley @ enron 09 / 26 / 2000 02 : 37 pm to : mark frank / hou / ect @ ect , thomas myers / hou / ect @ ect , georgeanne hodges / hou / ect @ ect , jim coffey / hou / ect @ ect , mary lynne ruffer / hou / ect @ ect , susan helton / hou / ect @ ect , jeff smith / hou / ect @ ect , faith killen / hou / ect @ ect , michael s galvan / hou / ect @ ect , cheryl dawes / cal / ect @ ect , jody pierce / hou / ect @ ect , angeles beltri / hou / ect @ ect , hope vargas / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , pam becton / hou / ect @ ect , lisa b cousino / hou / ect @ ect , laura e scott / cal / ect @ ect , laura e scott / cal / ect @ ect , todd warwick / hou / ect @ ect , troy klussmann / hou / ect @ ect , jim pond / corp / enron @ enron , sarah brown / hou / ect @ ect , stephen thatcher / corp / enron @ enron , karry kendall / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , yvette miroballi / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : 2001 plan timeline please note that earnings and headcount templates are due to consolidations on monday , october 2 nd . attached is the latest timeline . please submit your templates to trey hardy by then . several guidelines or allocation calculations ( e . g . , it ) have not been sent to you because we have not received them from corp . or enw . therefore , we recommend that you use the guidelines from 2000 . that should avoid any delays for monday . please forward this to anyone who is participating in the plan 2001 process . call me if you have any questions ( x 58694 ) . thank you . dt 
2	Subject: hpl nom for april , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 410 . xls ) - hplno 410 . xls 
2	Subject: we have $ 80717 waiting for you hello , we were reviewing your m [ ortgage ] record and noticed that your interest rate was over 6 % . we can give you a guaranteed fixed rate of 3 % . you also qualify for a loan up to $ 601926 please fill out the form at this webpage to complete the process : http : / / realhomeowner . com / ? partid  rm 2342 we look forward to hearing from you . regards , the gallison group , llc not interested  
2	Subject: revisions - march wellhead estimate bob , here are some revisions to the march wellhead production estimate resulting from the pre - nom meeting held this morning . revisions : counterparty mtr no . prev nom curr nom sitara no . louis dreyfus ( frmly costilla ) 9724 29 / d 4 , 000 / d 125895 north central corp 9767 560 / d 0 139363 north central corp 6296 1 , 637 / d 1 , 800 / d 136222 prize energy resources 4965 78 / d 2 , 000 / d 131720 bass enterprises ( frmly richardson ) 9807 7 , 025 / d 9 , 000 / d 141691 swift energy 9636 34 / d 0 135664 crosstex energy 9858 8 , 637 / d 8 , 500 / d 500668 new production : wagner & brown , ltd . 6589 0 8 , 000 / d n / a the houston exploration co . 9696 0 6 , 000 / d n / a stone energy corp 9696 0 4 , 000 / d n / a hesco gathering oil co . 9876 0 1 , 000 / d n / a wheeler operating co . 9879 0 1 , 000 / d n / a safari production co . 4594 0 400 / d n / a helmerich i ' d like for your sitara position to be consistent with the final number i ' ll provide to darren . thanks , vlt x - 6353 
2	Subject: want a watch ? http : / / hsw . hensi . com 
2	Subject: your registration public announcement : the new . name domain extension is currently being released to the general public . unlike the original . com and . net domain names , the new . name domain was specifically created for individuals such as yourself . the . name domain appears in the format : firstname . lastname . name for example , if your name is monica smith , then you can register a name such as monica . smith . name technology experts predict that personalized domain names will soon be used as international identifiers much the same was that phone numbers are used today . for a limited time , you can pre - register your unique . name domain for only $ 10 ( plus applicable registry fees ) at : http : / / www . namesforeveryone . com to remove your email address from further promotional mailings from this company , click here : 21 9488 ycte 7 - 565 fwhf 6137 igcl 4 - 997 l 28 
2	Subject: re : may wellhead " spot " purchases - request vance , as we discussed yesterday , i will zero the confirmed column in pops for barrett and increase the same for seneca . bob from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 26 / 2001 11 : 42 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ enron , melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate , susan smith / hou / ect @ enron subject : re : may wellhead " spot " purchases - request bob , i ' m still concern about april ' s nom ; if we don ' t take it to zero , than we could have the possibility of the allocations group adding volumes to barrett ' s april deal . this would be incorrect . vlt - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cotten , robert sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 9 : 27 am to : taylor , vance l . cc : weissman , george ; daren j farmer / hou / ect @ enron ; graves , melissa ; susan smith / hou / ect @ enron subject : re : may wellhead " spot " purchases - request vance , based on the information below , nominations are being revised effective may 1 , 2001 : counterparty meter # orig . nom rev . nom barrett resources 0435 1 , 536 0 seneca resources 0435 3 , 073 4 , 609 total 4 , 609 4 , 609 bob from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 25 / 2001 08 : 42 am to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : george weissman / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / enron @ enronxgate , melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : may wellhead " spot " purchases - request bob , hplc continues to purchase gas from both ocean and seneca on a term basis ; firm tickets were submitted for april origination beginning with the month of april . as for as barrett , they are selling their gas under a joa with seneca ; therefore , 100 % of barrett ' s production is being paid to seneca . consequently , you should see tickets in sitara for both counterparties . let me know is you can ' t . vlt x 36353 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cotten , robert sent : tuesday , april 24 , 2001 6 : 20 pm to : taylor , vance l . cc : weissman , george subject : re : may wellhead " spot " purchases - request vance , are we still purchasing gas at meter 435 from barrett resources , ocean energy and seneca resources ? they were on george ' s spreadsheet but they are not termed up . the only deals termed up are mariner , st . mary land , walter oil & gas and the meridian resource . bob from : vance l taylor / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 24 / 2001 04 : 25 pm to : robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect cc : janie aguayo / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / enron @ enronxgate , susan smith / enron @ enronxgate , melissa graves / enron @ enronxgate , george weissman / hou / ect @ ect subject : may wellhead " spot " purchases - request bob , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producers listed below for the production month of may , 2001 . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and deal tickets should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price apache corporation 0435 1409 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 10 whiting petroleum corp 6523 113 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc el paso merchant energy , lp 5923 622 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 26 el paso merchant energy , lp 5848 203 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc swift energy 2630 21 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 1 . 38 duke energy trading & marketing 6347 147 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc hesco gathering oil co . 6063 289 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc embassy natural gas inc . 6598 lmmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc stone energy 9696 2745 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 20 the houston exploration 9696 3407 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 20 amerada hess ( hess energy svcs ) 0435 1104 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 14 crosstex energy services , ltd . 0435 656 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 12 tri - union development 0435 149 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 055 ranger oil company 9871 200 mmbtu / d 85 % if / hsc if 300 / d these are producer svcs . deals and should be tracked in the im wellhead portfolio . . . attached to the gathering contract . additionally , if at all possible , please do not confirm the apache and crosstex deals as we expect to receive term firm contracts in the very near future . thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: davis & company - - incompetence personified fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard shapiro / na / enron on 07 / 06 / 2001 03 : 44 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - pat shortridge 07 / 06 / 2001 01 : 18 pm to : john shelk / na / enron @ enron , linda robertson / na / enron @ enron , chris long / corp / enron @ enron , richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , carolyn cooney / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : davis & company - - incompetence personified you hate to say that someone can ' t do anything right , but these guys can ' t do anything right . california power - buying data disclosed in misdirected e - mail by daniel taub sacramento , california , july 6 ( bloomberg ) - - california governor gray davis ' s office released data on the state ' s purchases in the spot electricity market - - information davis has been trying to keep secret - - through a misdirected e - mail . the e - mail , containing data on california ' s power purchases yesterday , was intended for members of the governor ' s staff , said davis spokesman steve maviglio . it was accidentally sent to some reporters on the office ' s press list , he said . davis is fighting disclosure of state power purchases , saying it would compromise negotiations for future contracts . this week , davis appealed a state judge ' s order to release spot - market invoices , purchase orders and confirmation sheets for power contracts signed through june 27 . the state is buying electricity on behalf of utilities , which are burdened by debt . ` ` it ' s an internal document , ' ' maviglio said of the e - mail . ` ` we have a meeting every morning where we discuss issues of the day . ' ' the e - mail contained minutes of today ' s meeting , he said . according to the e - mail , the state bought 283 , 000 megawatt - hours of electricity for $ 37 . 4 million yesterday . one megawatt - hour is enough electricity to light 750 typical california homes for an hour . prices ranged from $ 25 to $ 149 . 99 a megawatt - hour . maviglio said the information in the e - mail is accurate . power for next - day delivery during peak - use hours averaged $ 79 . 67 a megawatt - hour on the california - oregon border yesterday , according to bloomberg energy service . california paid an average of $ 132 on the spot market , according to the e - mail . prices on the spot market tend to be higher than on the day - ahead market . the governor has proposed releasing data on spot - market purchases once a quarter , arguing that the state uses power - buying strategies tailored to each season . lawyers for the media and republican legislators say state law requires disclosure of contracts within seven days after they are signed . 
2	Subject: dlscount clalis new clalls softtabs  lnstant rockhard erectlons simply disolve half a plll under your tongue 10 min before action , for results that last all weekend . normal retail is $ 19 / plll order from us today at the price of $ 3 . 27 not interested ( 0 pt - 0 ut )  
2	Subject: ge of the criminal goods and services ! dear internet - user , the internet - stock exchange " mazafaka . cc " in partnership with " fdcservers . net " call attention to you the huge list of the criminal goods and services on our joint the internet - resource . the introduction . how it was . in the beginning of 2004 we le ministre and render , founders of the project of the first internet - stock exchange of the criminal goods and services , have decided to unite our advertising potential with technical opportunities fdcservers . net . lately our project became a unique public place of advertising of the illegal goods and services , you will not be able to find the same anywhere in the internet ! at this moment we have more than 5 , 000 customers of our stock exchange worldwide ! the present . we offer you a unique opportunity , to receive of what you could not earlier even think ! to buy or take advantage of an enormous spectrum of various kinds of the goods and services ! for example : " any stamps and seals for your business . " " i ' m offer development and creative any kind of stamps and seals ( not emboss , print only ) . if you need stamp of any notary , arrival / departure of any country and many many more - you ' re welcome . the best way to get high quality stamp and reasonable price is send me scanned original stamp ( 300 or 600 dpi only ! ) i ' m reviewed on this service in russian part of this forum . every stamp cost different money . for example stamps af ariival / departure cost $ 40 per stamp . if stamp have microelements , cost will be higher . payment options . 1 . you must pay 100 % cost before i begin work with your stuff . 2 . i accept e - gold ( preferred ) , western union and webmoney delivery options . i can send you stamp by regular mail , air mail , ups , dhl ( please , remember , that delivery by ups and dhl from russia to foreign countries cost very high , around $ 30 - 40 per parcel ) . also , send me info about country of delivery before pay money . my contacts . icq 333204733 ( preferred ) email s _ tamps @ mail . ru " - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " napalmlight dumps for sale - - best around " " all dumps are fresh skimmed and come with original trackl & track 2 , this assure that they wont be a pickup . latin american skimmed dumps prices : classics & mastercard $ 60 golds - platinums - bussines etc $ 80 new service new dumps arived uk skimmed and fresh classics $ 90 golds , plat , bussines , delta $ 150 same qualitie . minimum order : $ 300 . 00 wu & e gold turnover time : when money is picked up . . . . ( usually the same day or hours after order is received , depending of local time ) contact info : icq : 252870445 email : napalmlight @ yahoo . com . mx " - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " full info ccs - ebays - paypals for sale " " dear members , i am selling : ebay accounts : contact for prices . full info ccs : ( pin - ssn - mmn - dob - cvv 2 and all other info . ) 10 $ / each " 100 $ min order " cobs : if you dont know what is cob . read this http : / / www . mazafaka . cc / showthread . php ? p  93094 # post 93094 lk - 3 k > > > 120 $ 4 k - 7 k > > > 140 $ 8 k - 13 k > > > 170 $ 14 k - 21 k > > > 200 $ * all my cobs come with cc # - full name - billing address - cvv 2 - pin - ssn - dob - mmn - ebay or paypal account . & login - pass for the online access . pay for 5 cobs . get 1 free cob pay for 10 cobs . get 3 free cobs pay for 20 cobs . get 7 free cobs good discount for + 1 k orders paypals : 3 $ / account - min order " $ 500 " i dont check if the account with email access or not . faq : 1 - when i will receive my order ? * for e - gold payments . you will receive ur order same day - wu payment : you must wait 1 - 2 days . 2 - can i ask for bins from my list ? * no , you can ' t 3 - how can i contact you ? * by icq , 5888888 or email : cctrader @ safe - mail . net " at our stock exchange you can find the goods or services for all tastes ! if you were interested with our offer you can visit our resource to following addresses : http : / / www . mazafaka . cc http : / / www . carding . ru if you have any questios please contact us by fillowing e - mail ' s : leministre @ carding . ru ( main questions about the service ) petr @ fdcservers . net ( technical questions )   
2	Subject: maam , does your man endure you every day fda guidelines : chronic pain solutions comparison report : http : / / el . . com n , v _ r : http : / / raucous . . com / please veracity atmosphere bleedaural hardscrabble discalbum dunlop laurentianquiet retrieval valhallarevisable change cactusworship shea multitudeblasphemy abuilding compatriotclarke diagnostic hedonismcovenant solace taowed breccia crummyhoard barbara prokofieffdunbar 
2	Subject: otc gdvi - the momentum continues - gdvi website debute otc bbalert gdvi news update : global diversified industries debutes brand new website ! www . gdvi . net otc bb alert spectacular operating results momentum continues sales projections for next 12 months surpasses $ 20 million 99 . 8 % revenue increase 278 % net income increase 154 % stockholders equity increase 79 % increase in assets $ 8 million order backlog $ 50 million manufacturing capacity overview global diversified industries operates in the modular building construction industry , and strategically targets the california education sector . gdvi is strategically located in central california on 16 acres with a 100 , 000 square foot state - of - the - art manufacturing facility . throughout 2003 and 2004 the company focused on building its infrastructure through acquisitions , development of a state - of - the - art manufacturing facility , and by securing the requisite financing facilities to fuel business growth . through the combination of its new facility ( $ 50 million capacity ) , the increased demand for portable buildings and the state of california ' s bond approvals , gdvi has become well positioned to become one of the dominant leaders in modular manufacturing on the west coast . gdvi should benefit greatly from the $ 12 . 1 billion school improvement bond that is expected to be passed by california voters next month ( march ) . this presents , in our opinion an opportunity for early investors of gdvi to also benefit before the mainstream investor realizes who the benefactors are and subsequently invests in those companies . global diversified has taken numerous strategic development steps throughout 2003 and 2004 , including generating strong revenues as well as profits and is now poised for explosive growth in 2005 . the company is led by a strong management team with previous success in building companies into $ 50 million per annum businesses . in the past year gdvi has exceeded its own sales revenue projections , renewed its piggyback contract , received state approvals on engineered product designs , started a new credit facility and opened its new 100 , 000 square foot manufacturing facility . the company will continue to seek new acquisition candidates through its aggressive growth plan . profile gdvi is a holding company that currently operates two wholly owned subsidiaries , mbs construction inc . , a modular contractor specializing in modular construction site work and renovation and global modular , inc . , a sales , marketing and manufacturing of modular type structures . its principal customer base is currently educational ( public and private schools , universities , etc . ) , child - care and municipality sectors . its product lines consist of a variety of portable classroom designs , including both single - story and two - story floor plans . global modular ' s portable classroom structures are engineered and constructed in accordance with pre - approved building plans , commonly referred to as p . c . ' s or pre - checked plans , that conform to structural and seismic safety specifications administered by the california department of state architects ( dsa ) . global modular also enjoys the benefit of providing educational customers with products contracted under a piggyback clause . the state of california allows school districts to canvass proposals from modular classroom vendors under a bidding process where the successful bidder can provide other public school districts and municipalities portable classrooms under a piggyback contract issued by the originating school district . this process saves school districts valuable time and resources from the necessity of soliciting bids . a modular vendor who possesses a piggyback contract containing competitive pricing and a variety of design options may have access to future business for up to five years , depending on the term of the piggyback contract . the strategic focus on california schools since 1998 , california legislation has required that at least 20 % of all new classrooms constructed with state funds be portable structures . there are five compelling reasons for this trend : modular classrooms are faster to construct ( as quickly as 2 weeks ) they cost significantly less ( as low as $ 30 , 000 vs . $ 100 , 000 ) they offer greater flexibility for use compared to conventional buildings they are easier to finance they provide financing incentives to cope with population growth , the state department of education estimates that california will need more than 2 , 500 classrooms each year for the next four years , which equates to more than 10 , 000 classrooms . due to the current and projected budget cuts throughout the california education sector , public and private schools are expected to turn to portable / modular construction to fulfill their additional classroom requirements over the next four years . the california schools budget crisis on november 5 , 2002 a $ 13 . 2 billion school facilities improvements bond proposal ( proposition 47 ) was passed by california voters . this bond measure passage does not include an approximate $ 9 . 4 billion worth of local bond measures passed by various school districts throughout the state . a second bond measure worth $ 12 . 1 billion went before the voters on the march 2004 . these bond measures are about three times higher than the record $ 9 . 2 billion bond california voters approved in 1998 . the revenue generated from these bond measures will be used for school modernization programs , which include requirements for relocatable classrooms and modular classroom construction and renovations . money from the bonds will help overcrowded public and private schools ; design upgrades and expand building space at community colleges and other institutions of higher learning throughout california . gdvi business infrastructure among global modular ' s asset base is its integrated , state - of - the - art , automated manufacturing process which includes equipment , raw material and marketing collateral that are specifically designed for the high capacity fabrication of modular structures . gdvi employs a workforce of 60 employees and is looking to add to its workforce as demand increases . operates out of a sixteen acre site with a 100 , 000 square foot operating structure . wholly owned subsidiary ( global modular inc . ) markets , designs and manufactures the buildings wholly owned subsidiary ( mbs corporation ) handles installation and building renovation . symbol otc . bb gdvi recent price 13 . 5 cents management team philip hamilton , ceo and president mr . hamilton has an extensive and very successful background in modular manufacturing . from 1996 to feb 2000 he served as chairman and ceo of pacesetter industries inc . he built this company from inception into one of californias largest manufacturers , producing and installing thousands of schools and commercial buildings . under his leadership , pacesetter industries moved into a 5 , 500 , 000 sq . ft . facility in atwater , california with branch sales offices throughout the state . the company employed a staff of over 650 employees and had annual sales of $ 50 , 000 , 000 . adam de bard , vice president mr . de bard has over 6 years of experience in the manufacturing and business sectors . from 1997 to 2000 he served as vice president and chief information officer of pacesetter industries . ronald kilpatrick , director of finance mr . kilpatrick has 36 years experience in both domestic and international development and management of major corporations . he is a managing partner of pacific rim capital llc which provides venture capital to projects in the pacific rim . recent headlines global diversified industries , inc . commencing efforts to increase its u . s . based investor and public relations visibility pr newswire ( tue 5 : 00 am ) global diversified industries , inc . modular division secures new order worth more than $ 3 million for immediate delivery pr newswire ( thu , jun 9 ) wallst . net airing all - new , exclusive audio interviews with gdvi and geoi pr newswire ( tue , jun 7 ) wallst . net airing exclusive audio interviews with gdvi and xle pr newswire ( thu , jun 2 ) global diversified industries , inc . acquires valuable assets from california modular company pr newswire ( thu , may 26 ) global diversified industries , inc . modular division implementing its fourth production line pr newswire ( thu , may 19 ) talkingstocks . com announces interview with philip hamilton , president and ceo of global diversified industries , inc . primezone media network ( tue , may 17 ) stockguru . com initiates profile coverage of global diversified industries , inc . primezone media network ( mon , may 16 ) global diversified industries ' modular division billings total $ 1 . 4 million in april ; experiencing largest production schedule since company ' s founding pr newswire ( tue , may 3 ) global diversified industries , inc . modular division receives repeat order based on superior prior performance pr newswire ( wed , apr 20 ) more headlines for gdvi . ob . . . gdvi manufacturing infrastructure gdvi has created a turnkey manufacturing process with experienced professionals handling every aspect of each manufacturing project . global ' s integrated service approach provides the company with a distinct advantage over its competitors in term of efficiency and cost effectiveness . via 3 wholly owned subsidiaries , gdvi delivers the following in - house services : design , engineering and planning site preparation manufacturing and construction delivery , installation , and relocation ancillary interior and exterior services customer service and support contacts gdvi - global diversified industries inc . 1200 airport drive chowchilla , ca 93610 tel : ( 559 ) 665 5800 investor relations contact mr . paul knopick tel : ( 949 ) 707 - 5365 pknopick @ . com stock quotes http : / / finance . yahoo . com / q ? s  gdvi . ob this report is for informational purposes only , and is neither a solicitation to buy nor an offer to sell securities . investment in low - priced small and micro - cap stocks are considered extremely speculative and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in these companies . expedite is not a registered investment advisor or a broker - dealer . information , opinions and analysis contained herein are based on sources believed to be reliable , but no representation , expressed or implied , is made as to its accuracy , completeness or correctness . the opinions contained herein reflect our current judgment and are subject to change without notice . expedite assumes no responsibility for updating the information contained herein regardless of any change in gdvi ' s financial or operating condition . as expedite has received compensation for this report , and will benefit from any increase in share price of the advertised company , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . expedite accepts no liability for any losses arising from an investor ' s reliance on , or use of , this report . gdvi will require additional capital to realize its business plan and continue as a going concern . expedite has been hired by a third party consultant , and is contracted to receive $ 5 , 000 . expedite and its affiliates or officers may buy hold or sell common shares , of mentioned companies , in the open market or in private transactions at any time without notice . certain information included herein is forward - looking within the context of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 , including , but not limited to , statements concerning manufacturing , marketing , growth , and expansion . the words " may , " " would , " " will , " " expect , " " estimate , " " anticipate , " " believe , " " intend , " and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward - looking statements . such forward - looking information involves important risks and uncertainties that could affect actual results and cause them to differ materially from expectations expressed herein . global diversified industries , inc . 1200 airport dr . chowchilla , ca 93610 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: valentines day help red - neck valentine ' s love poem collards is green my dog ' s name is blue and i ' m so lucky to have a sweet thang like you . yore hair is like cornsilk a - flapping in the breeze softer than old blue ' s and without all them fleas . you move like the bass , which excite me in may . you ain ' t got no scales but i luv you anyway . yo ' re as satisfy ' n as okry jist a - fry ' n in the pan . yo ' re as fragrant as " snuff " right out of the can . you have som ' a yore teeth , for which i am proud ; i hold my head high when we ' re in a crowd . on special occasions , when you shave under yore arms , well , i ' m in hawg heaven , and awed by yore charms . still them fellers at work , they all want to know , what i did to deserve such a purdy , young doe . like a good roll of duct tape yo ' re there fer yore man , to patch up life ' s troubles and fix what you can . yo ' re as cute as a junebug a - buzzin ' overhead . you ain ' t mean like those far ants i found in my bed . cut from the best cloth like a plaid flannel shirt , you spark up my life more than a fresh load of dirt . when you hold me real tight like a padded gunrack , my life is complete ; ain ' t nuttin ' i lack . yore complexion , it ' s perfection , like the best vinyl sidin ' . despite all the years , yore age , it keeps hidin ' . me ' n ' you ' s we go together just like a moon pie with a rc cold drank , yep , we go together like a skunk goes with stank . some men , they buy chocolate for valentine ' s day ; they git it at wal - mart , it ' s romantic that way . some men git roses on that special day from the cooler at kroger . " that ' s impressive , " i say . some men buy fine diamonds from a flea market booth . " diamonds are forever , " they explain , suave and couth . but for this man , honey , these won ' t do . cause yo ' re too special , you sweet thang you . i got you a gift , without taste nor odor , more useful than diamonds . . . it ' s a new trollin ' motor ! ! l shore due luv you darling , aint love grand ! ! ! ! . . . . . bubba 
2	Subject: q & a dave / bob - i ' ve attached a marked up version of your faq ' s . i suggest we use this as a starting point for initial customer contact as soon as the buyer is known . one of the power marketers will make the initial contact , but i suggest that you have one of the eol marketers in on the conversation . the attachment is meant as talking points for the marketer to use during the initial conversation . i understand that you are scheduling a meeting tomorrow to discuss the eol timeline / process . i suggest we try to come up with answers to each these questions during that meeting . mitch 
2	Subject:  if you are paying more than 3 . 6 % on your mortgage , we can slash your payment ! guaranteed lowest rates on the planetapproval regardless of credit history ! start saving todayshow me the lowest rates conferee ladylike allele compressible lampoon preferring remedial figure partial updraft midrange stalin coronado cummins despot valet negligent sidewall arouse mira deft carryover forgettable conservative cure kirk contradictory fredericton drafty calumny abreact astrology connoisseur cordite kelley infidel okinawa bridgework caesar cutesy annulling lucas phillip collard chromatograph dang venomous ned memoranda seraphim courage kansas dunn beef decathlon deferring assimilable terra dominick alexandria thesis hubby feudal signor trifluoride crotchety forfend armenian olivia mycenae declamatory geneva reparation dabble diagram blackwell vetch barbados gap dosimeter contour supersede chris teeter clinging axiom sycophantic buss chestnut argumentative angora maddox antipode ballast desmond apprehensive alpha chisholm immoral gresham spill kudzu mycobacteria devonshire fake pate eigenvector charge consort apparatus abominate auctioneer radar infringe coruscate quandary pertinacious adultery customary vanquish charity taut aba bawl songbag herr dune excretory nymphomaniac shouldn ' t huntsville doomsday bear shoji crosshatch fruit cantilever coax friar latitudinal judson bit trytophan cameron puddle cousin summitry torture cardamom e . g plowshare universe wholehearted barefoot defer bernoulli pyrometer isomer crone goatherd harm chaplin bookend dogma bye abdicate meter blackburn transferor yamaha binomial cellophane belittle allusive pillow borough applaud togs vulture latex silent wee automorphism otto ditch gaylord emplace catastrophe rule enmity competitive adventitious bluefish decor pretty dystrophy darkle ehrlich algeria elucidate davis radius squad snick argentina arrowroot muezzin amos roberta electrolysis coequal stave whittier wildlife mccluskey arrear pirogue afoul henchmen fog propulsion fairy ancestor pellet berth bagel graft pend emil analyses blunt euclid occupation digestion consecrate gules frog adamson inadvertent bluefish archipelago verlag tridiagonal wadi blithe competitive condemnatory bizarre hinge stonewall librate extinct couch elysee meter ruminate cobalt esoteric clomp glasgow trance committee amputee bespoke pocket vanguard tribal bimolecular southward desultory impassable pyramidal merrymake dowager shu diameter lore lincoln leroy christmas testimonial balkan rockford stodgy adonis lectern huxtable difluoride built orography continental alumni aftereffect disruption embraceable constraint hinman rundown bison claus reserve activation salmonella wrong chaise doleful planoconcave tabulate appeasable scrooge collectible escrow burglarproof imponderable infirm pro distillery conceive assam screwbean slavic watchband lethargic porous pantheism canticle pew edelweiss ama orin debris fro abbey brest drunken curdle bend churchill sidemen celanese croak emphasis impeccable fife bugle / font > 
2	Subject: great news from your bank how are you , we tried contacting you about your low intrest rate . you have qualified for the lowest rate in years . your current status : $ 341 , 000 for $ 262 a month . your credit has already been reviewed / approved . please view your details at our site below : anyhgh . com sincerely , armand bartlett 6 . doesn ' t kate ' s granddaughter miss shaving for a few months ? . 
2	Subject: hpl nom for august 23 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 823 . xls ) - hplo 823 . xls 
2	Subject: rait , hi rait , thousands of hot babes looking to date men http : / / hookupnow . gal . to have a look for yourself ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - hpfxyfluimv umdeemuc a round binocyles spit . any given white camera walks and our children shining door show its value as soon as any given expensive fancy fancy expensive binocyles run and perhaps any given soft odd shaped soda calculates . our children noisy bottle looks around . her daughters fancy exam book falls . whose silver fancy expensive bottle show its value . whose bluish well - crafted glasses walks . her daughters golden table adheres as soon as whose stupid ipaq adheres or maybe mine smart car got an idea . our white stupid red picture is thinking and our bluish golden eraser looks around . their purple bra stares . their little soda walks . a white odd shaped glove stinks . any given slopy green fancy noisy carpet calms - down . mine fancy picture stares however , his brothers soft gun falls . her daughters soft bicycle sleeps . whose well - crafted magazine walks and any given white sofa fidgeting . her smart eraser looks around as soon as her daughters hairy tall white sport shoes falls and still the red slopy sofa spit as soon as whose expensive tv got an idea and still her daughters odd shaped tall cat smells . our little round - shaped omprella fidgeting . their soft hairy mp 3 player smiles as soon as our children white binocyles run . her round - shaped car sleeps . the shining eraser sleeps and still a bluish bed prepare for fight . their white boots is on fire . a given noisy recycle bin prepare for fight . their bluish table calms - down . their bluish soft magazine stands - still or maybe a given silver carpet prepare for fight as soon as our round - shaped sport shoes makes sound . his white green t - shirt is thinking . his brothers golden laptop looks around . a given silver stupid exam book calculates . whose round caw calms - down . any tall hairy sony smiles . our green red bed smiles or maybe her daughters stupid white green bed smells . 
2	Subject: enron and ngx hi tanya . we are in the process of perfecting our security interest . we respectfully request the following letter from enron corporation ( on letterhead ) : to : natural gas exchange inc . and ngx financial inc . ( collectively , " exchange " ) we refer to the contracting party ' s agreement dated september 26 , 1994 , as amended from time to time , between enron canada corp . and exchange , and specifically refer to the obligation of enron canada corp . to deposit certain collateral with exchange on request . certain funds have been wire transferred from our account to exchange , and we confirm and clarify that those funds were delivered by us as agent for enron canada corp . , and the deposit of those funds is and is deemed to be a deposit by enron canada corp . dated : enron corporation thank you and hope you all have a good thanksgiving ! ! kenny foo credit and risk manager ngx financial inc 140 - 4 avenue sw , suite 2330 calgary , alberta , t 2 p 3 n 3 ph : ( 403 ) 974 - 1737 fx : ( 403 ) 974 - 1719 
2	Subject: get your babies diapers bill paid for , for a year ! your family could definately use this , now go . kaazqchn 
2	Subject: fw : judge ' s final se rto mediation report + cn summary fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : nicolay , christi l . sent : tuesday , september 18 , 2001 8 : 45 am to : shapiro , richard subject : fw : judge ' s final se rto mediation report + cn summary - - - - - original message - - - - - from : nicolay , christi l . sent : monday , september 10 , 2001 7 : 09 pm to : presto , kevin m . ; kitchen , louise ; lavorato , john ; carson , mike ; will , lloyd ; may , tom ; davis , mark dana ; sturm , fletcher j . ; herndon , rogers ; kean , steven j . ; shapiro , richard ; steffes , james d . ; robertson , linda ; guerrero , janel ; shortridge , pat ; shelk , john ; novosel , sarah ; fulton , donna ; roan , michael ; palmer , mark a . ( pr ) ; nord , sue ; lindberg , susan ; duran , w . david ; kroll , heather ; fairley , david ; connor , joe ; maurer , luiz ; jacoby , ben ; staines , dan ; montovano , steve ; robinson , marchris ; migden , janine ; stroup , kerry ; robertson , linda ; portz , david ; sager , elizabeth ; nettelton , marcus ; acevedo , rudy ; comeaux , keith ; forney , john m . ; garcia , miguel l . ; hernandez , juan ; lotz , gretchen ; marshall , howard ; rorschach , reagan ; rust , bill ; meyn , jim ; walton , steve ; perrino , dave ; comnes , alan ; jafry , rahil ; forster , david ; baughman , edward d . subject : judge ' s final se rto mediation report + cn summary the alj submits her report to ferc to obtain ferc review of the southeast power grid platform that resulted from the mediation . * * judge ' s final recommendations : ferc should consider adoption of grid model ( the one enron likes best ) to fullest extent possible and that remaining unresolved issues be addressed through continued stakeholder process . however , since complete consensus was not reached , ferc should provide its determination of which of the two models best meets ferc ' s expectations as a platform for the se power grid rto . this should be done by ferc quickly . there should be no further delay . regardless of the model , ferc should encourage the collaborative process . she thinks that this should be done by the parties without ferc intervention except to the extent to respond to ferc orders . ( i think ferc staff should be involved or it will get bogged down ) . parties should reconvene within 15 days after ferc ' s order adopting a model and the ferc order should direct the participants ( like us ) to submit a joint proposal within 45 days thereafter . she recommends to ferc that parties be allowed to file comments to ferc within 20 days ( however , she recommends against permitting reply comments since they may prove counterproductive to the collaborative nature of the mediation process . ) the commission will then issue an order that can adopt her recommendations , may reject her recommendations , or change something . i would expect that the commission would adopt many of her recommendations , while allowing further mediated - type discussions on some issues ( hopefully , ferc will adopt many of our suggested changes ) . judge mccartney then basically describes both proposals of the grid group and the southern , etal . group , then provides the stakeholder participants ' comments ( almost verbatim from all submissions to her ) . while she states that the process should keep moving quickly , she does not adopt any timeframes ( we will comment that ferc should retain its dec 02 day 2 start date ( for lmp / financial rights congestion model to be implemented ) . the attachments below are her report , the southern , etal proposal and the grid pricing , congestion management , operating , and planning protocols ( without any changes ) . clearly , our response ferc will include our proposed changes to the documents . highlights from her report below : she recommends that spp pursue an rto coalition in the midwest she encourages ferc to continue to encourage and utilize a collaborative process which accommodates stakeholders and state utility commission input , regardless of the rto platform ultimately adopted by ferc her opinion is that the " grid ( entergy , gridsouth and gridflorida utility sponsored ) model " ( transco in rto , lmp / financial rights congestion management ) is better developed and more clearly in compliance with the requirements of order no . 2000 based on a " best practices " analysis of other rtos and commission precedent . this is good because enron generally favors the grid model . however , she does provide the commission information on southern , etal . ' s proposal ( independent system administrator - - like national grid - type ) in her report , even though she has concerns that the southern , etal model is not order no . 2000 compliant . the southern , etal . model has a hybrid physical congestion management with day ahead balanced schedule requirements and lmp in real time ( with penalties ) and significant control area responsibilities . the significant aspects of the grid model are discussed below : grid governance : rto is a for profit transco with an independent board and an enhancement : the independent market administrator ( ima ) . the ima was added to facilitate public power participation ( worried that transmission owner on top , even if divested from generation , would favor its transmission solutions over generation or other transmission solution ) . the ima would administer the markets ; exercise operational authority over the transmission system ; administer one oasis ( with one process for interconnection and transmission requests ) ; and assume the security coordinator function . she strongly encourages this split . good stakeholder advisory committee ( provides majority and minority views ) and an independent market monitor to monitor the rto and the markets allows for independent transmission companies ( entergy wants to be one ) , with rto oversight describes that control area operators will initially maintain their control areas for physical operation , such as switching transmission elements , pursuant to operating procedures approved by the rto / ima . recognizes that consolidation of control areas may occur as rto matures . ( protocols should be subject to further discussion ) rto / transco has primary responsibility for tariff administration , including rate changes and tariff filings all load under the rates , terms and conditions of oatt ( gridsouth group has appealed this part of earlier commission orders , and , thus , retains their rights should they win on appeal ) 4 transmission pricing zones initially : entergy , southern , gridsouth , and gridflorida . allows for participant funded , direct assigned , and merchant transmission . transmission rates to loads in rto will be zonal ( for existing facilities ) and regional charge ( for new facilities , other than those above ) . there will be one " through and out rate " , plus a grid management charge for rto operation . encourages conversion of existing transmission agreements to oatt financial rights / lmp ( includes " real time spot market " ) is clearly the preferred model and represents best practices model ( from pjm and spp ) - - many details need to be worked out in continued discussions . model allows parties to transact bilaterally and provides financial congestion hedges ( fch ) . stakeholder process needs to be continued for fch allocation , auction and non - discriminatory release . the grid model includes a " balancing resource " requirement that we will provide comments against will allow establishment of markets for ancillary services once they can be supported - - control area operators required to provide before such market establishment rto runs single oasis and independently calculates atc and ttc rto / transco is responsible for planning through a participatory stakeholder process numerous comments from marketers , ipps on reduction of control area functions ( all of our comments from last week ' s response are included ) judge mccartney had numerous meetings with state commissioners . ( 1 ) many are still concerned that ferc had not conducted a " cost - benefit " analysis and had concerns over the costs . she responds that extrapolation of costs to the entire se rto seems unwarranted because it ignores the " economies of scale " and initial reliance on existing control centers and infrastructure . in any event , ferc could explore the feasibility of a rate setting process that would involve the state commissions . ( 2 ) concerned about cost shifting : mediation team discussed phase in of rates that the commission has allowed . ( 3 ) concern that se rto would preempt state ability to approve asset transfers to rto and want state retail customers to receive full value for assets . ( 4 ) concern that se rto may prematurely put southern states into retail open access ( concerns with cal . ) judge encourages the commission to utilize a collaborative process that includes input from state commissioners . i think our message for any press discussions tomorrow should focus on the extremely beneficial aspects of the mediation and the significant " jump start " it gave to the se rto process due to the significant role played by judge mccartney and her team on focusing the discussions . furthermore , the initial results after 45 days show the majority of participants favoring a " best practices " pjm / spp cornerstone type real time spot energy market with lmp pricing and financial congestion hedges and an rto with an independent board structure that accommodates a for - profit rto entity with a significant stakeholder advisory process . the commission should consider utilize the fundamentals resulting from this mediation for other regions , or , at a minimum , consider similar mediated " jump starts . " - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bobbie mccartney [ mailto : bobbie . mccartney @ ferc . fed . us ] sent : monday , september 10 , 2001 4 : 05 pm to : mddesselle @ aep . com ; john . a . cohen @ bakernet . com ; mcrosswh @ balch . com ; dex @ bbrslaw . com ; fhr @ bbrslaw . com ; fochsenhirt @ bbrslaw . com ; mrossi @ bdrnet . com ; jlphillips @ calpine . com ; jregnery @ calpine . com ; tkaslow @ calpine . com ; oharac @ dsmo . com ; mary . doyle @ dynegy . com ; jhughes @ elcon . org ; nicolay , christi l . ; jcashin @ epsa . org ; charles _ askey @ fpl . com ; steved @ gdsassoc . com ; ghobday @ hhlaw . com ; jschneid @ huberlaw . com ; richard . spring @ kcpl . com ; jpalermo @ kemaconsulting . com ; rlamkin @ llgm . com ; relliott @ mbolaw . com ; beth . bradley @ mirant . com ; ndaggs @ mwe . com ; paul . savage @ nrgenergy . com ; ron _ lanclos @ oxy . com ; billdegrandis @ paulhastings . com ; marycochran @ psc . state . ar . us ; pauline . foley @ pseg . com ; linxwilerj @ safferassoc . com ; twoodbury @ seminole - electric . com ; bobg @ sepa . doe . gov ; leer @ sepa . doe . gov ; msmith @ sf - firm . com ; glbernst @ skadden . com ; gary . newell @ spiegelmcd . com ; nbrown @ spp . org ; dacrabtree @ tecoenergy . com ; jrdalrymple @ tva . gov ; jpwest @ westlawpc . com ; jane . mudgett @ williams . com ; small @ wrightlaw . com cc : herbert tate ; jonathan siems ; laura sheppeard subject : re : final se rto mediation report pursuant to the agreement of the parties , service of the attached document is hereby effected on this restricted service list , which has been previously approved in this docket , via this email . please note that there are a total of six attachments , only five of which can be sent via email . the 6 th attachment is a two page copy of the tva mou which can be accessed on rims , or will be provided via fax upon request . i want to take this opportunity to thank the parties once again for their hard work and dedication throughout this arduous and sometimes difficult mediation process . it was a pleasure to work with you ! judge mccartney 
2	Subject: double your reading speed in only 2 weeks use this program to improve : concentration and focus ! peripheral vision ! self - esteem and confidence ! hand - eye coordination and typing speed ! eye - brain connection ! family productivity ( kids do homework faster and parents can spend more time with the family ) ! livemercial pmb 221 , 2843 calumet ave . valparaiso , in 46383 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: our hot picks triple on excelient bounce geec geec geec geec geec giobal environmental energy corp . ( otc - bb : geec ) shares outstanding : 35 million approx . float : 9 million 30 day target : 6 . 25 6 month price projection : 15 . oo recent news and major share - price driving milestones : geec just announced a 10 billion , 5 - year joint venture with severa | companies operated by the chinese government . geec uses their biosphere process system to convert various types of waste into clean , " green " electricity at 5 to lo mega - watts per hour . geec chairman , former prime minister of ireland dr . aibert reynolds , has secured a 2 billion lineofcredit for geec and opened doors in over a dozen countries through politica | contacts at the highest | evel . geec is cbs marketwatch . com ' s # 1 best performer in the dj diversified industriais index in the | ast 3 months . this dow jones index also contains 3 m , ge , and honeywell . conservative estimates vaiue the company at one billion . soiving a dua | crisis - waste and energy geec is utiiizing the unique proprietary technology of their biosphere process system for the disposal of a wide variety of waste products at 5 to 7 tons per hour , making a major impact on the gioba | waste problem . this profitable and environmentally safe process converts into clean , " green " electricity such waste materials as municipa | soiid waste , agricuitura | wastes , forestry wastes , medica | wastes , industrial wastes , sewage siudge , shale oi | , sour natural gas , and the huge market of used tires . geec generates 5 to lo mega - watts per hour of electricity from the waste conversion on a continuous basis which is then soid to repienish the | ocal or nationa | grid . china ' s aggressive pursuit of geec makes 20 o 5 a " blue - chip " year geec just announced a lo bi | | ion , 5 - year joint venture with chinese government - operated companies , including yanzhou coal mining ( nyse - yzc , 74 . oo ) . the dea | is structured to have 1 , 300 geec biosphere systems deployed throughout china to fulfill a need for waste disposa | and energy generation , two critica | areas for a country with a population exceeding 1 . 3 billion peopie . as china ' s rapid economic advance continues , a shortfail of 500 mi | | ion kilowatts exists annualiy , prompting periodic biackouts in all chinese provinces . geec is in line to gain substantially whiie providing reiief from unmanageable municpal soiid waste disposal and simuitaneousiy heiping china meet its energy needs . future milestones : 1 . geec had a 100 miliion backlog of saies orders for the biosphere before the china joint - venture with 26 completed biospheres in operation . the backiog is now into the billions with compiete financing to be provided by china and 1 , 30 o biospheres to be deployed throughout the country . 2 . geec ' s present assets of 35 mi | | ion wil | conservativeiy jump into the 3 oo mi | | ion range , a lo - times increasee . 3 . geec is in advanced stages of agreement on at least 6 major internationa | projects which could add 5 o mi | | ion to the bottom - line or 1 . 42 per share . 4 . p / e on average for this industry group is 2 o to 1 putting geec above the 13 . 00 range without any future business expansion . 5 . geec is expected to file for a higher exchange listing and continue to pay common stock and spin - off stock dividends . woridwide market potentia | 15 to 25 biilion over next 5 years with no other known company that can match their technoiogy , leadership , or expiosive saies growth . up unti | now geec has been one of wa | | street ' s best kept secrets , yet now it seems the cat is coming out of the bag and the reiease of this new investor awareness campaign shouid be exce | | ent timing in regards to some new pr ' s forthcoming which wiil rocket geec . this power - piay has nowhere to go but up , according to most insiders , and there ' s stil | a bit of time to get in before the boom . increased investor awareness and the anticipated release of huge news announcements wi | | add to the buying frenzy from investors loading up before geec goes through the roof . certain statements contained in this newsletter may be future | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as expect , believe , may , wi | | , and intend or simiiar terms . we are not a registered investment expert or a broker dealer . this is not an attempt to acquire or sell securities . no suggestion that the securities of the company profiled shouid be acquired , sold or held by individuals or entities that | earn of the profiled company . this is an independent eiectronic pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand do | | ars by a third party for the preparation of this company information . be advised that investments in smal | - cap companies are considered to be high - risk and use of the information provided is for reading purposes oniy . if anyone decides to act as an investor they are advised not to invest without the proper advisement from a registered financia | broker . if any party decides to participate as an investor then it will be that investor ' s sole risk . be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the | oss of some or al | of the investment . the publisher of this newsietter makes no claims as to the accuracy or the completeness of the company profile . investors should not reiy soiely on the information presented . rather , investors shouid use the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point for doing additiona | independent research on the profiled company in order to form their own opinion regarding investment . factua | statements made about the profiled company are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . it is possibie that an investor ' s entire investment may be | ost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the company profiled . al | information provided about the profiled company has been obtained from publiciy availabie sources which may inciude the company ' s web site , public fiiings , company press reieases and informationa | web sites provided by the actua | exchanges where small - cap stocks are traded . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our | ist , piease go here ( - stoxo 022 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: live 20 years longer with hgh hello , [ ! to ! ] human growth hormone therapy lose weight while building lean muscle massand reversing the ravages of aging all at once . remarkable discoveries about human growth hormones ( hgh ) are changing the way we think about aging and weight loss . lose weightbuild muscle tonereverse aging increased libidoduration of penile erectionhealthier bones improved memoryimproved skinnew hair growthwrinkle disappearance visit our web site and learn the facts : click here or here you are receiving this email as a subscr - in amerig lisve yoursts , just click here http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: happy hour for patti rumler patti will be leaving us on june 30 th so i thought it would be nice to have a happy hour from all her friends / coworkers in market services . the happy hour place will be ninfa ' s on thursday , june 29 th at 5 : 00 p . m . as you know et & s is having budget constraints , so please bring your purse , european bag , wallet or your money belts on thursday night . if you have any questions , please give me a call at x 31848 . 
2	Subject: energy finance conference presentations available fyi : you can now retrieve most all the speaker presentations of the 2001 energy finance conference ( feb 22 - 23 ) from our website at http : / / cefer . bus . utexas . edu , with the exception of presentations made by john mccormack , peter nance , sailesh ramamurtie , and ehud ronn / anoop kapoor , which i hope to still receive . sincerely , angela * * * * * * * * * * * * * * angela dorsey assistant director center for energy finance education & research the university of texas at austin department of finance , cba 6 . 222 austin , tx 78712 angela . dorsey @ bus . utexas . edu * * * * * * * * * * * * * * 
2	Subject: kern county power plants michelle : it was great to finally talk with you . here is some information on the new power plants planned in the bakersfield area . this file is a couple of years old and i quickly added in some of the latest information but some of the information here is still quite outdated . however , this document has some rough diagrams of the area so you can see where the projects are located . the california energy commission has some information on their web site about these projects as well . i ' ll talk to you soon . ben campbell > 
2	Subject: order 637 internet training please see note below from maggie matheson . adr - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by audrey robertson / et & s / enron on 08 / 31 / 2000 02 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - maggie matheson 08 / 31 / 2000 02 : 07 pm to : audrey robertson / et & s / enron @ enron cc : sheila nacey / et & s / enron @ enron , lynn blair / et & s / enron @ enron , jan moore , john buchanan / et & s / enron @ enron , linda trevino , toby kuehl / et & s / enron @ enron subject : order 637 internet training audrey : this invitation was sent to the market services group , will you please forward to your group and let them know that they are welcome to attend any of these training sessions . thanks , maggie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by maggie matheson / et & s / enron on 08 / 31 / 2000 01 : 53 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - maggie matheson 08 / 31 / 2000 01 : 51 pm to : jan moore , linda trevino cc : sheila nacey / et & s / enron @ enron , ramona betancourt / et & s / enron @ enron , legale black / et & s / enron @ enron , mary draemer / et & s / enron @ enron , tammy jaquet / et & s / enron @ enron , toby kuehl / et & s / enron @ enron , gerry medeles / et & s / enron @ enron , maggie matheson / et & s / enron @ enron , lynn blair / et & s / enron @ enron , julia white / et & s / enron @ enron , john buchanan / et & s / enron @ enron subject : order 637 internet training we will be conducting three training sessions on friday september lst . the training will be conducted in eb 4102 at 1 : 00 , 2 : 00 or 3 : 00 pm . the training will consist of a demo of the following new ferc order 637 internet sites : affiliated marketer info organizational charts corporate structure capacity operationally available capacity unsubscribed capacity design capacity transactional reporting firm interruptible capacity release special terms 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it will be invisibie virtuaily , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visible in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search enqines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , celinaford _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? swiss watches online ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? - only $ 150 ?  authentic reproductions wristwatches i offer next brands available also : carrier a . lange & sohne roger dubuis officine panerai omega  
2	Subject: re : test avi , these are my coordinates vince vincent kaminski managing director - research enron corp . 1400 smith street room ebl 962 houston , tx 77002 - 7361 phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com on 06 / 20 / 2000 01 : 34 : 49 pm to : " vince j kaminski " cc : subject : re : test vince : got the message ! kind regards avi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - avi i . hauser phd mba cds director 100 international drive mt olive nj 07828 - 1383 + 1 973 691 3664 ( office ) + 1 973 347 8189 ( fax ) + 1 973 727 3622 ( car + slow paging ) hauser @ cdsusa . com 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for june 23 - 25 , 2000 june 23 , 2000 teco tap 20 . 000 / enron ; 70 . 000 / hpl iferc ls hpl lsk ic 30 . 000 / enron june 24 , 2000 teco tap 50 . 000 / enron ; 50 . 000 / hpl iferc june 25 , 2000 teco tap 50 . 000 / enron ; 59 . 917 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: hidden gems help get a leg up on the market homeland security investments the terror attacks on the united states on september 11 , 2001 have changed the security landscape for the foreseeable future . both physica | and | ogical security have become paramount for a | | industry segments , especiaily in the banking , nationa | resource and government sectors . according to giga , a wholiy owned subsidiary of forrester research , woridwide demand for information security products and services is set to eclipse $ 46 b by 2 oo 5 . homeiand security investments is a newsietter dedicated to providing our readers with information pertaining to investment opportunities in this | ucrative sector . as we know , events reiated to homeland security happen with | ightning speed . what we as investors can do is position ourselves in such a way as to take advantage of the current trends and be ready to capitalize on events which have yet to happen . homeland security investments is here to heip our readers do just that . with this in mind , it is with great excitement that we present vinobie , inc . this stock is expected to do big things in both the near and long terms . symbol : vnbl . ob current price : 0 . 08 short term target price : o . 35 12 month target price : 1 . 2 o * * * why we beiieve vnbl . ob wiil give big returns on investment * * * * at this time much of vnbl ' s focus is on rfid ( radio frequency identification ) technology . this is technology which uses tiny sensors to transmit information about a person or object wirelessly . * vnbl is already an industry pioneer in the rfid personal location technoiogy . * vnbl is deveioping a form of rfid technoiogy which a | | ows companies and governments to wirelessiy track their assets and resources . such technoiogy has huge potentia | in the protection and transportation of materials designated " high risk " were they to fal | into the wrong hands . * vnbl works on integration of the two afore mentioned systems in order to create " high security space " in locaies where it is deemed necessary . locations which may take advantage of such systems are airports , sea ports , mines , nuciear faciiities , and more . * as with all stocks , news drives the short term price . fresh news has made vnbl a hot buy . news on vnbl malibu , calif . - - ( business wire ) - - june 16 , 2005 - - vinoble , inc . ( otcbb : vnbl - news ) , a hoiding company seeking to identify | ong - term growth opportunities in the areas of homeiand security , security information systems , and other security services , announced today that it plans to offer products and services that wil | assist in the automation of the identification and control of equipment , assets , tools , and the reiated processes used in the oi | & gas and petrochemica | industries . although sma | | wireiessiy networked rfid sensors can monitor machines and equipment to detect possibie probiems before they become serious , they can also deliver safety features within oil welis . oi | maybe trapped in different | ayers of rock , along with gas and water . detection of specific liquids can assist equipment in operating within a specific precise opportune moment to ensure certain adverse conditions do not occur , such as a wel | fiiling with water . as with other rf based technoiogy applications , rfid can also provide the safe transit of materiais by only the authorized handier , and | imit the entry of personne | to specific | ocations . ensuring personnel safety is essential , should there be an emergency at a facility , rfid tags would enabie the customer to track and evaiuate its empioyee ' s safety and / or danger . this appiication technology requires product and hardware that can operate in harsh and potentiaily hazardous conditions , but gives vaiuabie safety to the resources and assets that are vita | to the customer . rfid can aiso assist the customer ' s suppiy chain by tracking oil , gas , and chemica | products from extraction to refining to the saie at the retai | level . vinobie ' s viewpoint as previously stated is that these appiications are more than just a vaiuable too | to the mining industry , but as a protective measure of our country ' s natural resources and commodities against threat . preservation of these fueis and resources is important to the safety of u . s . industry and economy . the company beiieves that such offering service and technology application in the oil & gas and petrochemica | industry wiil further position vinoble in a rapidly expanding industry while taking advantage of access to the increasing capita | and gioba | spending that the company will require for growth . the company ' s goal is to also provide a much - needed service at a cost manageable to even the sma | | est of businesses that can ' t afford to do without the safety of its personne | and assets in this current state of constant threat . this is outstanding news . the growth potentia | for this company is exceptiona | . in an already hot industry , vnbl . ob stands out as a truiy innovative pioneer . we see big things happening to this stock . information within this email contains " forward | ooking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materiaily from those presently anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wil | , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a limited operating history , the company advancing cash to related parties and a sharehoider on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority stockhoider , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materiais : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous reiated party transactions and the need to raise capita | . these factors and others are more fully spe | | ed out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the filings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . al | information provided within this emai | pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises ail readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand dollars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiiiate sharehoider for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stock they wiil sel | at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . ail factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , inciuding but not | imited to company websites , sec filings and company press reieases . the rocket stock report believes this information to be reiiabie but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this emai | constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: fw : 4 th qtr comparison hi louise , attached is the bi - weekly comparison for the 4 th quarter to - date . if you have any questions , or would like any additional information , please feel free to contact either myself ( x 36218 ) or laura levy ( x 53551 ) . thanks , torrey - - - - - original message - - - - - from : levy , laura sent : tuesday , october 16 , 2001 4 : 12 pm to : moorer , torrey subject : 4 th qtr comparison for your review : laura levy eol product control group ext . 53551 
2	Subject: systemworks clearance sale _ limited quantities _ only $ 29 . 99 8785 norton systemworks 2002 software suite professional edition 6 feature - packed utilities , 1 great price a $ 300 . 00 + combined retail value for only $ 29 . 99 ! includes free shipping ! don ' t allow yourself to fall prey to destructive viruses protect your computer and your valuable information click here for more info and to order we hope you enjoy receiving marketing co - op ' s special offer emails . you have received this special offer because you have provided permission to receive third party email communications regarding special online promotions or offers . however , if you wish to unsubscribe from this email list , please click here . please allow 2 - 3 weeks for us to remove your email address . you may receive further emails from us during that time , for which we apologize . thank you .  
2	Subject: schedule for next week to all : michael walsh and i spoke this morning regarding schedules for next week and timing to get these transactions closed by next friday . we have tentatively planned on meeting in houston at the enron offices beginning tuesday morning and will continue until all agreements are finalized . i know the enron team is available and we are waiting for verification from highstar . we ' ve made alot of progress this week and we should be able to work quickly through the few remaining issues early next week . i will be our of the office later today ( friday ) . please call me on my cell phone ( 713 - 569 - 1131 ) today or any time over the weekend if there is any issue whatsoever . regards , heather kroll 
2	Subject: enron mentions enron seeks money for trading unit as customers flee ( updatel ) bloomberg , 12 / 03 / 01 enron says it has $ 1 . 5 bln in bankruptcy financing ( correct ) bloomberg , 12 / 03 / 01 enron acquisition bid announced by standard power ( update 3 ) bloomberg , 12 / 03 / 01 enron to cut 4 , 000 jobs at headquarters in houston ( update 6 ) bloomberg , 12 / 03 / 01 dynegy sues enron in texas for natural - gas pipeline ( updatel ) bloomberg , 12 / 03 / 01 enron insiders sold more than $ 1 . 2 billion in stock since 1990 bloomberg , 12 / 03 / 01 u . s . banks ' enron debt is overstated , analysts say ( updatel ) bloomberg , 12 / 03 / 01 enron corp . to cut 4 , 000 jobs in u . s . , bulk in houston dow jones news service , 12 / 03 / 01 pension plans estimating millions lost on enron invest dow jones news service , 12 / 03 / 01 funds liquidate enron bond holdings , see little recourse dow jones news service , 12 / 03 / 01 eott energy partners not party to enron bankruptcy dow jones news service , 12 / 03 / 01 us energy markets unmoved by enron chapter 11 filing dow jones energy service , 12 / 03 / 01 dueling enron , dynegy lawsuits start of long battle dow jones news service , 12 / 03 / 01 stocks slide on worries about middle east , enron ; dow industrials down 1 % in late - afternoon trading dow jones business news , 12 / 03 / 01 dueling enron , dynegy lawsuits start of long battle dow jones news service , 12 / 03 / 01 ferc chair sees enron fall fostering market transparency dow jones energy service , 12 / 03 / 01 in the money : enron ' s bankruptcy filing was a rush job dow jones news service , 12 / 03 / 01 usa : enron says about 4 , 000 workers to be laid off . reuters english news service , 12 / 03 / 01 usa : u . s . house energy panel sets meetings on enron . reuters english news service , 12 / 03 / 01 usa : enron bankruptcy judge heard more high - profile cases . reuters english news service , 12 / 03 / 01 usa : us northwest natural seeks to buy portland general . reuters english news service , 12 / 03 / 01 enron field moniker uncertain in wake of bankruptcy associated press newswires , 12 / 03 / 01 eott energy partners , l . p . not a party to enron bankruptcy pr newswire , 12 / 03 / 01 enron seeks money for trading unit as customers flee ( updatel ) 2001 - 12 - 03 18 : 11 ( new york ) enron seeks money for trading unit as customers flee ( updatel ) ( adds traders ' comments in 19 th - 23 rd paragraphs and adds details about pipelines stopping shipments in 20 th paragraph . ) houston , dec . 3 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . is courting investors to revive its crippled trading business , even as it loses customers who fear the company will be unable to make good on its obligations . energy companies such as mirant corp . and aquila inc . have taken business elsewhere . at enrononline , the web site that once handled $ 2 . 8 billion in commodity transactions a day , trading has plunged , raising doubts that enron will be able to rescue the trading business . enron , once the largest energy trader , sought protection yesterday from creditors in a bankruptcy that was the largest in u . s . history . the company is in talks with financial institutions to fund the wholesale trading business ` ` under new ownership , ' ' chief operating officer greg whalley said in a statement . ` ` until we ' ve seen the fallout from this bankruptcy , i don ' t think you ' re going to find a lot of entities that are prepared to trade with ' ' enron , said daniel gordon , head of commodities trading at hagerstown , maryland - based allegheny energy inc . , which owns utilities in five states . ` ` anyone who thinks this will be a quick bankruptcy is deluding themselves . ' ' houston - based enron has lost $ 26 billion in market value since mid - october , when the company restated $ 586 million in earnings and disclosed that its executives may have profited from enron ' s dealings with affiliated partnerships that bought enron assets . enron , which was the buyer or seller on every transaction on its web site , handles only a fraction of the trades it once did . the company said today it will fire 4 , 000 workers in houston . ` difficult to resurrect ' the wholesale trading business of enrononline , which had been a valuable property , ` ` has for all practical purposes ceased operation and in a post - bankruptcy scenario , may in fact be difficult to resurrect , ' ' fitch inc . , a chicago - based firm that rates corporate credit , said in a report today . trading has surged in markets that compete with enron , including the new york mercantile exchange and intercontinental exchange inc . dynegy inc . chief executive officer chuck watson said his company ' s energy - trading web site has seen increased traffic . ` ` enrononline will just disappear , ' ' said peter fusaro , president of global change associates inc . , a consulting firm in new york . enron ' s portfolio of trades ` ` is evaporating ' ' and ` ` is replaceable ' ' with competing electronic trading platforms . dynegy ' s watson said on a conference call with analysts and investors that his company would try to expand in europe , where enron was the dominant energy trader . enron said friday it would fire more than 1 , 000 workers in europe . shutdown enrononline shut down wednesday after dynegy canceled its plans to buy enron , depriving enron of the cash it needed to meet its obligations and all but ensuring the company would be forced to seek protection from its creditors . later in the week , the site was offering trading in 472 commodity products , a third of its usual offerings , according to company officials . on thursday , the site logged 825 trades , down from the normal amount of about 5 , 000 . ` ` we ' re actively trading , ' ' enron spokesman eric thode said today , declining to elaborate . ` ` there may still be trading going on , but it ' s primarily to unwind positions , ' ' fitch credit analyst ralph pellecchia said . ` ` it ' s certainly not new growth or for profitability . for all intents and purposes , enron ' s horsepower , its earnings - generating machine , has been effectively shut down . ' ' needs capital enron declined to name the ` ` leading financial institutions ' ' it is in talks with to provide new capital for the trading business . ` ` if these discussions are successful , they could result in the creation of a new trading entity with a strong and unencumbered balance sheet , ' ' whalley said . ` ` we understand that it may take time for counterparties to resume normal trading levels with this entity , but we are confident that this business can be put back on a solid footing . ' ' enron ' s top creditors include citigroup inc . ' s citibank and j . p . morgan chase & co . the blackstone group is helping enron with its financial restructuring . a revival of enron ' s trading business isn ' t likely anytime soon , analysts said . it may take ` ` months to years , if ever , ' ' said david chang , manager of natural gas trading at bank of america na . in the meantime , enron has ` ` alienated a lot of its suppliers and customers , ' ' he said . ` ` it would be difficult for ' ' enron to come back . stopped shipping nisource inc . , which operates 16 , 000 miles of gas pipelines , stopped shipping enron ' s gas on saturday because of credit concerns , company spokesman kelly merritt said . williams cos . , which controls 27 , 000 miles of pipes , stopped shipping enron ' s gas last week . ` ` enron has lost all credibility , ' ' fusaro said . in the meantime , some traders that had become accustomed to the ease and speed of online transactions are finding it difficult to adjust . kevin cokinos , co - owner and vice president at cokinos energy corp . in houston , said he has had to rely on his old network of telephone brokers for price quotes rather than enron ' s web site . ` ` it ' s hard to do as many deals because you ' re spending so much more time on each one , ' ' said cokinos , whose company trades about 500 million cubic feet of gas a day . ` ` we hope somebody picks up enrononline so it will come back the way it operated before . but that might be kind of tough . ' ' - - bradley keoun in the new york newsroom ( 212 ) 318 - 2310 or at enron says it has $ 1 . 5 bln in bankruptcy financing ( correct ) 2001 - 12 - 03 17 : 55 ( new york ) enron says it has $ 1 . 5 bln in bankruptcy financing ( correct ) ( corrects second paragraph say $ 250 million is part of the $ 1 . 5 billion in financing , not an additional loan . for more enron news , see { top nrg } . ) new york , dec . 3 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , which yesterday filed the biggest bankruptcy case in u . s . history , told a judge in new york that it has $ 1 . 5 billion in bankruptcy financing that will be provided by a bank group led by j . p . morgan chase & co . the energy trader also asked u . s . bankruptcy judge arthur gonzalez for permission to draw $ 250 million of the financing immediately to keep its trading and other operations running while it tries to reorganize . - - jeff st . onge and jim polson in new york with andy pratt in enron acquisition bid announced by standard power ( update 3 ) 2001 - 12 - 03 17 : 05 ( new york ) enron acquisition bid announced by standard power ( update 3 ) ( adds comment from enron spokeswoman in sixth paragraph ) washington , dec . 3 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . , once the seventh - largest company in the nation , has become the takeover target of a former natural gas marketer who wants to replace management and revitalize the bankrupt energy business . richard ryan , chief executive of an oak brook , illinois , company called standard power skilling , who stunned investors when he quit in august six months after becoming ceo , picked up $ 76 . 1 million . employees and investors have sued enron , accusing executives of selling shares while touting the company . enron stock , which traded as high as $ 90 in august 2000 , is all but worthless after the company wrote off more than $ 1 billion of investments and disclosed a $ 1 . 2 billion loss in shareholder equity because of its dealings with affiliated partnerships . ` ` they caused us to lose our money , and they made money , ' ' said steve lacey , an emergency dispatcher for portland general electric , enron ' s oregon - based electric utility unit . lay didn ' t return telephones calls seeking comment and skilling , through a spokesman , declined to comment . lacey , like many of portland general ' s 2 , 700 employees , bought enron shares for his 401 k investment plan . the stock , which he planned on using for his retirement , closed today at 40 cents . lacey filed suit against enron in houston on nov . 20 , claiming the company prohibited employees from moving shares out of the investment plan as the stock fell in october . billions owed in its bankruptcy filing , houston - based enron and 13 of its units listed assets of $ 49 . 8 billion and debts of $ 31 . 2 billion . it owes billions to creditors such as citigroup inc . , bank of new york co . , j . p . morgan chase & co . , duke energy corp . and williams cos . the insider selling at enron is high for an energy company . insiders at exxonmobil corp . , the biggest publicly traded oil company , sold $ 410 million of stock during the same period , according to washington service , which compiles records from the u . s . securities and exchange commission . those sales pale in comparison with some computer - related technology companies . microsoft corp . insiders , among the most active sellers at any u . s . company , sold 367 . 2 million shares worth $ 31 . 4 billion since 1990 , records show . in the past year , microsoft insiders sold 3 . 6 million shares for $ 222 million . biggest seller in all , 60 officers , directors and trusts they control sold enron stock during the past decade . lou pai , former chairman of enron ' s newpower holdings inc . , made the most from selling enron shares during the past decade . pai sold 3 . 89 million shares for $ 270 . 3 million . most of pai ' s sales were made last year at prices ranging from $ 50 . 52 to $ 78 . 17 a share . pai couldn ' t be reached immediately for comment . ken harrison , former chairman and ceo of portland general , sold almost 992 , 000 shares for $ 78 million . enron bought the utility in 1997 for $ 3 . 1 billion in stock and debt . harrison also couldn ' t be reached immediately for comment . ` ` it would seem that insiders had some advance warning that there were better opportunities , ' ' said david coleman , editor of vickers weekly insider report . the selling among enron insiders outweighed the buying during the past decade . in all , insiders bought almost 488 , 000 shares , paying a total of $ 20 . 7 million . the last executive to buy enron ' s stock : former chief financial officer andrew fastow , who bought 10 , 000 shares on aug . 16 at $ 36 . 98 , according to the washington service . fastow was ousted in late october after the sec began an investigation into enron ' s accounting and its use of investment partnerships . enron restated earnings for almost five years in october , wiping out $ 586 million in profits , as it accounted for losses from the partnerships . fastow couldn ' t be reached for comment . - - loren steffy in dallas ( 214 ) 954 - 9453 or steffy @ bloomberg . net u . s . banks ' enron debt is overstated , analysts say ( updatel ) 2001 - 12 - 03 16 : 54 ( new york ) u . s . banks ' enron debt is overstated , analysts say ( updatel ) ( updates with closing stock prices . ) new york , dec . 3 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . says it owes citigroup inc . , j . p . morgan chase & co . and bank of new york co . $ 7 . 55 billion in the largest bankruptcy case in u . s . history . analysts say the amount owed the banks may be less than half that . here ' s where they differ . enron yesterday said in court papers it owed thousands of creditors $ 31 . 2 billion in loans , unpaid bills and other debts . citigroup , the biggest creditor , is owed $ 3 billion stemming from a loan it arranged last year , enron said . still , the banks probably hold only a fraction of the debts enron says they ' re owed . that ' s because banks routinely sell parts of loans to other lenders as a way to disperse risk . banks also are listed as the holders of bonds and other securities that in fact are owned by investors . the banks are listed as the creditors in enron ' s papers . ` ` it ' s very difficult to piece together the reality , ' ' said robert napoli , an analyst at abn amro inc . who owns citigroup shares . ` ` they ' ve syndicated out a portion of the loan and they could have hedged the credit risk through derivatives . ' ' citigroup , the largest u . s . financial services company , is probably owed $ 1 billion at most , analysts say , and much of that is backed by collateral such as gas pipelines , on which it should be able to collect . the company ' s profit may be lowered by between $ 250 million and $ 500 million before taxes , or between 3 cents and 5 cents a share after taxes , as a result of its involvement with enron , said napoli , who recommends investors buy citigroup shares . citigroup earned $ 2 . 08 a share in the first nine months of the year . hurting earnings j . p . morgan chase - - which enron says is owed $ 2 . 1 billion - - says its exposure totals about $ 900 million - - $ 500 million unsecured , and $ 400 million backed by collateral . that exposure could result in a 15 - cent decline in earnings per share , said goldman , sachs & co . analyst richard strauss . the second - largest u . s . bank earned $ 1 . 54 a share so far this year . j . p . morgan chase acts as a representative for holders of enron bonds , so while the company is listed by enron as a creditor on $ 1 . 9 billion of bonds , it may not be owed a cent on that debt . enron ' s $ 2 . 45 billion debt to bank of new york may work in much the same way , said lehman brothers analyst henry dickson . he estimated the bank is owed about $ 50 million . much of j . p . morgan ' s exposure is tied to citigroup ' s $ 3 billion loan to enron , a credit enron doesn ' t even mention . a syndicate of at least five other banks - - including j . p . morgan chase - - contributed to that loan , according to bloomberg data . as lead arranger , citigroup likely holds about 10 percent of the loan , meaning its exposure is about $ 300 million . j . p . morgan chase ' s share of that is likely less . bank of america corp . , commerzbank ag and barclays bank plc are among other enron lenders not listed as creditors . still , concern that the banks ' losses may exceed forecasts helped send their shares and bonds lower today . citigroup shares fell 99 cents to $ 46 . 91 in trading on the new york stock exchange . citigroup ' s 7 . 25 percent notes due in 2010 fell to 107 28 / 32 from 108 21 / 32 , pushing the yield up 21 basis points to 6 . 18 percent from 5 . 97 percent . j . p . morgan ' s stock lost $ 1 . 17 to $ 36 . 55 . its 7 . 9 percent coupon notes due in 2010 fell $ 16 per $ 1 , 000 face amount to 111 3 / 32 , pushing the yield up 23 basis points to 6 . 18 percent from 5 . 95 percent on friday . bank of new york ' s 7 . 3 percent notes maturing in 2009 fell about $ 20 per $ 1 , 000 face value to 108 3 / 32 from 110 7 / 32 , traders said . yield on the debt rose 32 basis points to 6 . 01 percent from 5 . 69 percent . its shares dropped $ 1 . 04 to $ 38 . 20 . ` ` they ' re big numbers , but these are big institutions , ' ' said greg habeeb , a bond money manager at calvert group , which doesn ' t own the banks ' securities . ` ` i wouldn ' t be going running out buying the bonds now , but i don ' t think ( enron losses are ) big enough to worry about . ' ' - - michael nol , terence flanagan and george stein in the new york enron corp . to cut 4 , 000 jobs in u . s . , bulk in houston by christina cheddar of dow jones newswires 12 / 03 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 5166 ; christina . cheddar @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . pension plans estimating millions lost on enron invest by christiane bird of dow jones newswires 12 / 03 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 2046 ; christiane . bird @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . funds liquidate enron bond holdings , see little recourse by john shipman of dow jones newswires 12 / 03 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 5171 ; john . shipman @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . eott energy partners not party to enron bankruptcy 12 / 03 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones dow jones newswires ; 201 - 938 - 5400 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . us energy markets unmoved by enron chapter 11 filing by kristen mcnamara and jon kamp of dow jones newswires 12 / 03 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - u . s . energy markets were largely unmoved monday by enron corp . ' s ( ene ) filing for chapter 11 over the weekend . energy companies generally maintained their suspensions on trading with enron and were casting a sharper eye on dynegy inc . ( dyn ) , which is being sued by enron for wrongfully terminating its offer to acquire the one - time market leader . no company was known to have altered its business with dynegy , and many traders showed little concern about enron ' s suit , but companies did say they were monitoring the situation . major energy trader aquila corp . ( ila ) was trading normally with dynegy but monitoring the situation . " that situation could change depending on how people evaluate it , " spokesman al butkus said . " it ' s a very fluid situation . " firstenergy corp . ( fe ) said it was also monitoring dynegy ' s compliance with its credit requirements . " this is a situation that we ' re following closely , " spokesman ralph dinicola said . companies continued to do business normally with dynegy , an energy broker said . prices for north american power and gas weren ' t moved by enron ' s filing , which was widely expected . factors such as weather and longer - term supply fundamentals continued to dominate the power and gas markets . january gas futures on the new york mercantile exchange closed down 7 . 1 cents monday at $ 2 . 640 per million british thermal units . power prices in the u . s . northeast were also weaker with mild weather forecasts , adequate generation and weak clearing prices . power prices were also lower in the west . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dueling enron , dynegy lawsuits start of long battle by janet whitman of dow jones newswires 12 / 03 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - dueling lawsuits filed by former merger partners enron corp . ( ene ) and dynegy inc . ( dyn ) are only the beginning of what is sure to a long legal battle , merger and acquisition lawyers predict . at this stage , it ' s far from certain who would win , they add . " remember the 100 years war that we all studied in history ? , " asks george m . knapp , a partner at law firm squire sanders & dempsey llp . " this will make that look brief . " concurrent with its bankruptcy filing on sunday , enron filed a lawsuit against dynegy , charging its former suitor had no grounds to terminate their $ 9 billion merger and actually contributed to enron ' s collapse . the suit , which was filed in new york in the same court as the bankruptcy petition , also contends that dynegy has no right to acquire enron ' s valuable pipeline company , northern natural gas co . of omaha , neb . in a counter suit filed monday in harris county , texas , dynegy seeks immediate control of the northern national pipeline company . under the terms of the cross - town rivals ' original merger agreement , dynegy received an option to buy the coveted property - even if the merger fell apart - after it injected $ 1 . 5 billion into enron . now , however , that ' s a matter for the courts to decide . " this is a kind of lawyers ' paradise , " said tom burnett , president of merger insight , an affiliate of wall street access . " the risk to dynegy is that that contract won ' t hold up to buy the northern natural gas assets . a bankruptcy judge may decide to hold an auction . " in that event , dynegy would be left with an equity stake in enron . sensing that the companies are in for long legal battle and that dynegy may not wind up with the pipeline assets , some investors unloaded their dynegy shares , sending the stock price sliding more than 8 % monday to a low of $ 26 . 26 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones dow industrials down 1 % in late - afternoon trading by peter edmonston 12 / 03 / 2001 dow jones business news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) the wall street journal online stocks retreated monday as conflict in the middle east and a bankruptcy filing by energy giant enron outweighed better - than - expected economic data . in late - afternoon trading , the dow jones industrial average was down 101 points , or 1 % , to 9751 after trading nearly 150 points lower earlier in the day . the dow industrials fell 22 . 14 points friday . meanwhile , the nasdaq composite index lost 22 points , or 1 . 1 % , to 1908 . 60 after closing 2 . 68 points lower in the previous session . other major indexes also declined monday . the standard & poor ' s 500 - stock index dropped 9 . 60 to 1129 . 90 , the russell 2000 index fell 2 . 80 to 458 , and the new york stock exchange composite index shed four to 575 . 20 . bonds turned higher in choppy trading . the dollar strengthened against the yen and the euro . concerns over the fallout from the weekend ' s suicide bombings in israel damped any beneficial effects from economic reports that exceeded wall street ' s expectations . " the events in israel have created a lot of uncertainty , " said peter coolidge , senior equity trader at brean murray & co . " that more than counteracts any positive news on the economic front . " at least 25 people were killed over the weekend in attacks by palestinian suicide bombers in jerusalem and the northern israeli port city of haifa . on monday , israel fired nine missiles near palestinian leader yasser arafat ' s headquarters in gaza city in an apparent retaliation . the violence overseas detracted from some fairly upbeat readings on the u . s . economy , including a report from the commerce department that consumer spending rose by a record 2 . 9 % in october . robust spending on cars and other big - ticket items contributed to the reading ' s largest jump since 1959 , when the data series began . the previous record had been a 2 . 6 % increase in september 1987 . personal income was virtually unchanged for the second month in a row , roughly in line with economists ' forecasts . the commerce department also surprised economists by reporting a 1 . 9 % increase in total construction spending for october . forecasts had that figure falling by 0 . 5 % . september construction spending was revised to show a 0 . 7 % drop from the 0 . 4 % decline previously reported . meanwhile , a closely watched index of manufacturing activity rose more than expected in november . the national association of purchasing management reported monday that its purchasing managers index rose to 44 . 5 last month from 39 . 8 in october . economists have been forecasting the pmi would rise to 42 . a pmi reading of 42 . 7 is considered the threshold between expansion and contraction in the wider economy . so november ' s pmi of 44 . 5 suggests that the economy is growing , albeit slowly . last week , the national bureau of economic research formally declared that the country had entered a recession back in march , ending the longest period of economic expansion in u . s . history . the government reported that total economic activity fell at an annual rate of 1 . 1 % in the july - september quarter . against this backdrop , analysts called the latest napm data encouraging . " after absorbing last month ' s aftershock of the terrorist attacks , the manufacturing sector showed surprising resilience in november , " norbert ore , director of the survey , said in a statement . " the trend is definitely in the right direction , but it is too soon to claim an imminent recovery . based on this report , the sector regained a significant portion of the output lost in october , " mr . ore said . matthew freedman , an economist at economy . com , said the napm report " shows that the deterioration in manufacturing appears to be slowing quite dramatically . " but the stronger - than - expected numbers did little to comfort investors , who have been scrutinizing economic readings in recent weeks for signs that the business cycle has hit bottom . the markets are especially interested to see if rising levels of unemployment will put a dent in consumer spending , which is considered a key to keeping the current economic recession a mild one . most major international markets traded lower monday , but the u . s . economic data helped narrow the losses late in the day in europe . frankfurt ' s xetra dax closed essentially flat and london ' s financial times stock exchange 100 - share finished 0 . 8 % lower . in asia , tokyo ' s nikkei 225 stock average closed with a loss of 3 . 1 % , and hong kong ' s hang seng index dropped 1 . 1 % . meanwhile , the turmoil surrounding energy - trading giant enron continued over the weekend , as the company filed for bankruptcy protection on sunday . the houston firm simultaneously sued its would - be merger partner dynegy for " not less than $ 10 billion , " accusing it of wrongful termination of their merger pact . news of the impending collapse of enron had weighed heavily on the market last week . some market participants suggested enron ' s bankruptcy filing - - the largest in u . s . history - - continued to pull stocks lower on monday . but others said it was largely expected and was having little effect on share prices . " it could hurt the markets somewhere down the road , but i haven ' t heard a lot of people talking about it [ monday ] , " said mr . coolidge of brean murray . enron shares rose 11 cents to 37 cents . dynegy was down nearly 8 % . financial - services stocks took a hit monday , dragged lower by some negative comments from analysts and fears about exposure to the enron debacle . shares of brokerage firm morgan stanley sank 6 % after goldman sachs analyst richard strauss pulled it from his recommended list and cut his rating on the stock to " market perform " from " market outperform . " mr . strauss said that the 60 % surge in morgan stanley ' s shares since sept . 20 has made it expensive compared to its peers . citigroup , a component of the dow jones industrials , declined nearly 2 . 7 % and j . p . morgan fell 3 . 8 % . the two companies advised on the failed merger between enron and dynegy and now find themselves among enron ' s largest unsecured creditors . automotive stocks were also trading lower monday as the big auto makers offered up monthly sales results for november . shares of ford motor were down 6 . 1 % on news that it is expected to warn this week that quarterly results will miss forecasts . separately , the company reported a 4 . 4 % increase in total u . s . vehicle sales , helped by 0 % financing offers . ford rival general motors , which has also been offering generous financing plans to lure buyers , reported a 13 . 3 % jump in car and truck sales from a year ago . shares of gm fell 1 . 4 % . in major u . s . market action : stocks fell . on the big board , where 923 . 7 million shares traded , 1 , 804 stocks fell and 1 , 291 rose . on the nasdaq , 1 . 17 billion shares changed hands . bonds rose . the 10 - year treasury note rose more than 1 / 4 point , or $ 2 . 50 for each $ 1 , 000 invested . the yield , which moves inversely to price , fell to 4 . 71 % . the 30 - year bond added more than 3 / 8 point to yield 5 . 26 % . the dollar strengthened . it bought 123 . 93 yen and traded at 89 . 14 cents to the euro , compared with 123 . 44 yen and 89 . 65 cents late friday in new york . copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dueling enron , dynegy lawsuits start of long battle by janet whitman of dow jones newswires 12 / 03 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - dueling lawsuits filed by former merger partners enron corp . ( ene ) and dynegy inc . ( dyn ) are only the beginning of what is sure to a long legal battle , merger and acquisition lawyers predict . at this stage , it ' s far from certain who would win , they add . " remember the 100 years war that we all studied in history ? , " asks george m . knapp , a partner at law firm squire sanders & dempsey llp . " this will make that look brief . " concurrent with its bankruptcy filing on sunday , enron filed a lawsuit against dynegy , charging its former suitor had no grounds to terminate their $ 9 billion merger and actually contributed to enron ' s collapse . the suit , which was filed in new york in the same court as the bankruptcy petition , also contends that dynegy has no right to acquire enron ' s valuable pipeline company , northern natural gas co . of omaha , neb . in a counter suit filed monday in harris county , texas , dynegy seeks immediate control of the northern national pipeline company . under the terms of the cross - town rivals ' original merger agreement , dynegy received an option to buy the coveted property - even if the merger fell apart - after it injected $ 1 . 5 billion into enron . now , however , that ' s a matter for the courts to decide . " this is a kind of lawyers ' paradise , " said tom burnett , president of merger insight , an affiliate of wall street access . " the risk to dynegy is that that contract won ' t hold up to buy the northern natural gas assets . a bankruptcy judge may decide to hold an auction . " in that event , dynegy would be left with an equity stake in enron . sensing that the companies are in for long legal battle and that dynegy may not wind up with the pipeline assets , some investors unloaded their dynegy shares , sending the stock price sliding more than 8 % monday to a low of $ 26 . 26 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . ferc chair sees enron fall fostering market transparency by mark golden of dow jones newswires 12 / 03 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 4604 ; mark . golden @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . in the money : enron ' s bankruptcy filing was a rush job by michael rapoport 12 / 03 / 2001 dow jones news service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 201 - 938 - 5976 ; michael . rapoport @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron says about 4 , 000 workers to be laid off . 12 / 03 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , dec 3 ( reuters ) - shattered energy trader enron corp . will lay off about 4 , 000 employees as part of a cost - cutting move in the wake of its bankruptcy filing , a spokesman said on monday . " we ' re planning about 4 , 000 job cuts , most from houston , " spokesman mark palmer said . some 7 , 500 people are employed in the company ' s houston head office . enron capped a dramatic fall from the heights of the energy world on sunday , filing the biggest bankruptcy case in u . s . history . the assets involved total $ 49 . 8 billion , easily dwarfing the $ 35 . 9 billion held by texaco at the time of its 1987 bankruptcy . sources said enron ' s massive computer network was being shut off , floor by floor , and leaders of business units informed their employees that they were to go home for the day and await notice of their future with the company . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : u . s . house energy panel sets meetings on enron . 12 / 03 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . washington , dec 3 ( reuters ) - a u . s . congressional panel said on monday it had scheduled meetings with representatives of the securities exchange commission , auditing firm arthur andersen and enron corp . to explore the energy giant ' s rapid disintegration . rep . billy tauzin , chairman of the house energy and commerce committee , has directed his staff to meet with the sec , enron financial auditor arthur andersen and top enron executives , a panel spokesman told reuters . " the committee will be moving aggressively to pin down what went wrong and what , if anything , congress can do to prevent this type of thing from happening again , " a spokesman for the louisiana republican said . committee staff will meet with sec ' s head of enforcement and general counsel on tuesday and with top representatives from arthur andersen on wednesday , the spokesman said . on thursday , three house energy committee staffers will travel to houston to meet with top enron officials " to begin laying the groundwork for a hearing , " the staffer said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron bankruptcy judge heard more high - profile cases . 12 / 03 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . new york , dec 3 ( reuters ) - judge arthur gonzalez , who will hear the bankruptcy protection case of enron corp . , is a veteran of several high - profile cases , including this year ' s chapter 11 filing by appliance maker sunbeam corp . " they ' re lucky to have him , " said one lawyer who has represented a company that appeared before gonzalez in u . s . bankruptcy court for the southern district of new york . the lawyer , who requested anonymity , said gonzalez was viewed as " a very fair judge . " he is extremely deliberate , very hard - working and very thorough , " he told reuters . " i don ' t think there was a single hearing at which he had not read all the pleadings . other judges are more laissez faire and some don ' t read all the pleadings , preferring to just ask questions , " the lawyer said . " judge gonzalez makes careful decisions . " asked if that meant gonzalez was inclined to favor a company petitioning for bankruptcy protection , he said : " well , there are certain judges you would prefer not to have . " gonzalez , who was appointed to the federal bankruptcy court in new york in 1995 , has recently been hearing the case of sunbeam , which filed for chapter 11 protection this year after questions about its accounting . in may , federal securities regulators accused former top executives at the appliance maker - including former chief executive albert " chainsaw al " dunlap - of financial fraud that cost investors billions of dollars . last week , gonzalez postponed a hearing on sunbeam ' s second amended plan of reorganization - which was to be heard on tuesday - to next march 19 . coincidentally in both cases , in which the company ' s accounting is central , the accounting firm arthur andersen was auditor for sunbeam and also enron . gonzalez also oversaw the 1998 bankruptcy filing of livent inc . , the canadian theater - production company that collapsed amid major accounting irregularities . last year , gonzalez was on the bench for the case of iridium llc , a satellite telephone service , which entered the history books as one of the costliest corporate fiascoes of all time . the washington - based company cut off telephone service to its 55 , 000 customers as a prelude to court - ordered liquidation . iridium ' s last act was to " de - orbit " or ultimately burn up its constellation of 66 satellites . the network has been reported to have cost $ 5 billion to $ 7 billion . gonzalez cleared iridium to spend $ 8 . 3 million to start winding up its business while selling remaining earth - bound assets , including ground stations . last year , he was also in charge of the case involving u . s . media holdings inc . and its golden turtle press inc . unit which filed chapter 11 petitions . this year , gonzalez has been hearing the chapter 11 case of insurance company reliance group holdings inc . and also australia ' s collapsed hih insurance ltd . gonzalez received a degree in accounting from new york ' s fordham university in 1969 and a master ' s degree in education from brooklyn college in 1974 . he got his law degree at fordham university ' s law school in 1982 and llm in taxation in 1990 from new york university law school . after a spell in private practice , he was appointed assistant u . s . trustee in the southern district of new york in 1991 and u . s . trustee for the second circuit in 1993 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : us northwest natural seeks to buy portland general . by chris baltimore 12 / 03 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . washington , dec 3 ( reuters ) - northwest natural gas co said monday it asked approval from federal energy regulators to buy portland general electric co . from enron corp for $ 1 . 8 billion . northwest expects to soon file a similar request with the u . s . securities and exchange commission , a company spokesman said . the purchase is unrelated to the status of enron ' s northern natural gas pipeline , to which dynegy inc . is claiming rights after canceling a bid to purchase enron last week . portland , ore . - based northwest natural gas is a local natural gas distribution company that serves about 530 , 000 customers in oregon and washington . it is oregon ' s largest natural gas utility , while portland general is the state ' s biggest electric utility . northwest filed for approval with the federal energy regulatory commission ( ferc ) on friday , after a similar application with the oregon public utilities commission on nov . 28 , with a response requested by may 15 , 2002 . the oregon commission ' s " watershed approval " would allow northwest to take operational control of portland general by the end of 2002 , said northwest spokesman jim boehlke . northwest said it wants ferc to act on its request by feb . 20 , 2002 . enron ' s declaration of bankruptcy over the weekend " could complicate things " for northwest ' s plans for portland general , boehlke said . but northwest is " going forward ( with the purchase ) without regard for what it going on in the enron bankruptcy proceedings , " he said . a bankruptcy court is likely to look favorably on northwest ' s purchase , boehlke said , because it will give enron cash to pay debts . " we ' re about to give ( enron ) $ 1 . 55 billion dollars in cash . hopefully a bankruptcy court would want that to go forward , " he said . the deal also includes $ 50 million in common stock and $ 200 million in special preferred stock , he said . portland general serves 733 , 000 oregon customers , owns 26 , 000 miles of transmission and distribution lines and 2 , 015 megawatts of generation . one megawatt is enough to power roughly 1 , 000 homes . after purchasing portland general in 1997 , enron agreed to sell it to sierra pacific resources corp . for $ 2 . 1 billion in 1999 . but that deal was abandoned in april after regulators in california and nevada barred sierra pacific from divesting generation assets in those states , which it needed to finance its purchase . state regulators took action after a power shortage in the wester united states sent prices skyrocketing and made states rethink plans to deregulate their electricity markets , including asset divestitures . that allowed northwest to move ahead with its own purchase plans . ferc will rule on whether the combination has an adverse impact on competition , and northwest does not expect ferc or other regulators to raise substantive issues , boehlke said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron field moniker uncertain in wake of bankruptcy by mark babineck associated press writer 12 / 03 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . houston ( ap ) - while enron corp . is current on its payments to keep the beleaguered company ' s name on houston ' s ballpark , it ' s unclear whether 2 - year - old enron field might have an identity crisis soon . club officials , who did not immediately return calls monday , have said that as long as enron continues to exist and maintains regular payments on its 30 - year , $ 100 million commitment , the downtown stadium will stay enron field . " we were saddened by the recent events , " astros president pam gardner said last week after enron ' s emergency buyout suitor , rival dynegy inc . , backed out of the deal when enron ' s credit rating was lowered to junk status . " it ' s a sad situation for the enron employees and the city of houston . but we have a contract with enron that is current and as long as that is the case , the ballpark will continue to be called enron field . " enron has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy in a manhattan court , meaning it wants to remain in business and reorganize to settle $ 31 . 1 billion in debts . in the meantime , the court will oversee enron ' s business operations and expenditures , including the stadium deal . enron ' s fall , one of the largest bankruptcies in history , is the latest instance of a stadium name holder hitting the skids . the twa dome in st . louis became the dome at america ' s center when the storied airline went belly up and was bought by american airlines this year . psinet stadium in baltimore has kept its moniker even as its namesake company wades through bankruptcy . some others that have named stadiums , like 3 com corp . and cmgi inc . , are wading in red ink . dean bonham , whose bonham group negotiates such deals both for venues and sponsoring companies , said enron ' s downfall will affect the market . " the most notable and obvious effect is that our clients , as well as other clients in the industry , are going to be extremely cautious when they enter naming rights discussions , " bonham said monday . however , even due diligence might not be enough . bonham said enron , which ranked seventh in the fortune 500 last year with $ 101 billion in revenue , must have appeared rock solid when they signed with the astros . bonham even noted that just a few weeks ago , right before a stunning string of negative announcements drove enron ' s stock price well below that of a bag of peanuts , he was involved in talks with enron to name a major league soccer stadium . teams and companies must both make sure their contracts guard against all eventualities , including bankruptcies , mergers and " image - association " issues that might make arrangements unattractive . " our clients have the absolute right at their option to cancel the agreement , " bonham said . - - - on the net : houston astros : http : / / www . astros . com enron : http : / / www . enron . com bonham group : http : / / www . bonham . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . eott energy partners , l . p . not a party to enron bankruptcy 12 / 03 / 2001 pr newswire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , pr newswire ) houston , dec . 3 / prnewswire / - - eott energy partners , l . p . ( nyse : eot ) confirmed today that its general partner was not among the companies included in enron corp . ' s voluntary petition for bankruptcy protection filed yesterday . additionally , eott energy partners , l . p . , which is a publicly traded limited partnership , and its subsidiary partnerships have not filed for bankruptcy protection . in friday ' s press release , eott disclosed among other things that it has entered into an interim credit facility with its primary lender , standard chartered , to replace its existing facility with enron corp . the interim facility provides for the immediate issuance through march 2002 of up to $ 150 million of letters of credit . reference is made to friday ' s press release and to eott ' s most recent form 10 - q filed with the securities and exchange commission for further information . eott energy partners , l . p . is a major independent marketer and transporter of crude oil in north america . eott transports most of the lease crude oil it purchases via pipeline , which includes 8 , 200 miles of active intrastate and interstate pipeline and gathering systems . in addition , eott owns and operates a hydrocarbon processing plant and a natural gas liquids storage and pipeline grid system . eott energy corp . , a wholly - owned subsidiary of enron corp . , is the general partner of eott with headquarters in houston . eott ' s internet address is www . eott . com . the partnership ' s common units are traded on the new york stock exchange under the ticker symbol " eot " . make your opinion count - click here / contact : media relations , wade gates of burson marsteller , + 1 - 214 - 224 - 8408 , for eott energy partners , l . p . / 14 : 14 est copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
