2	Subject: vitro model brian , attached please find a copy of the model for the monterrey cogeneration project ( vitro ) . please give me a call with any questions . steve irvin 
2	Subject: re : brad it ' s at the breakroom on capitol hill . ahhh yes , racheal , i showed up with a couple of friends and she wasn ' t there . at about 7 : 30 nancy came up to me with one of the " bretts " and said that racheal got caught up in a job for costco . . . . whatever . . . erica is in town for her sisters wedding . she might come to the brad show if she can make it .                                         from : [ smtp : bill . williams . iii @ enron . com ] to : ms exchange : : [ smtp : craig @ stollerinc . com ] subject : re : brad date : 8 / 24 / 01 3 : 47 pm sweet . thanks for the call last night . . . brad should be awesome . where is it at ? let me know how your " evening " with rachel goes . bill - - - - - original message - - - - - from : craig stoller [ mailto : craig @ stollerinc . com ] sent : friday , august 24 , 2001 3 : 14 pm to : williams iii , bill subject : brad ok , i got you a ticket for sep . 1 that is a sat . show starts and 9 : 00 . craig this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 03 : 57 : 51 - 0700 from [ 222 . 217 . 202 . 51 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - ( reason : 550 - mailbox unknown . either there is no mailbox associated with this ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to localhost : > > > data . . . user unknown < < < 503 5 . 5 . 1 no recipients 
2	Subject: re : european financial operations monthly update - august 2000 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shona wilson / na / enron on 09 / 15 / 2000 12 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - lisa fair @ ect 09 / 15 / 2000 03 : 52 am to : alex holland / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , anna rafalska / war / ect @ ect , anne hicks / lon / ect @ ect , anthony key / lon / ect @ ect , attila toth / eu / enron @ enron , barry sangster / lon / ect @ ect , berit lokken / osl / ect @ ect , beth apollo / lon / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , caroline lothian / lon / ect @ ect , caroline saffell / lon / ect @ ect , chris dodds / lon / ect @ ect , clair fowler / lon / ect @ ect , claire wright / lon / ect @ ect , clinton wee / lon / ect @ ect , craig brown / lon / ect @ ect , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron , denise hudson / lon / ect @ ect , donnah blake / lon / ect @ ect , erika moore / lon / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , ian sloman / lon / ect @ ect , ingrid morse / lon / ect @ ect , jan - erland bekeng / osl / ect @ ect , janine juggins / lon / ect @ ect , joane saunders / lon / ect @ ect , john paskin / lon / ect @ ect , kris trevilyan / lon / ect @ ect , lisa fair / lon / ect @ ect , madeline fox / lon / ect @ ect , martin burchett / lon / ect @ ect , matthew landy / lon / ect @ ect , michael destefano / corp / enron @ enron , michael heap / lon / ect @ ect , mike wellings / lon / ect @ ect , moira brown / lon / ect @ ect , naomi connell / lon / ect @ ect , neil r anderson / lon / ect @ ect , niall dore / lon / ect @ ect , philip schumacher / lon / ect @ ect , rajen shah / lon / ect @ ect , ralph jaeger / fra / ect @ ect , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , sarah pearmain / lon / ect @ ect , stephane hue / lon / ect @ ect , tina ward / lon / ect @ ect , victoria arthur / lon / ect @ ect , stephen wood / lon / ect @ ect , jane joyce / lon / ect @ ect , michael heap / lon / ect @ ect , ross sankey / lon / ect @ ect , hans - mart groen / lon / ect @ ect , dean randle / lon / ect @ ect , melissa laing / lon / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , james britton / lon / ect @ ect , angela a brown / lon / ect @ ect , nigel grace / eu / enron @ enron , lucy greggains / lon / ect @ ect , rebecca morrill / lon / ect @ ect , doug imrie / lon / ect @ ect , sam kemp / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : european financial operations monthly update - august 2000 european financial operations monthly update - august 2000 1 . management overview sap implemented in frankfurt spanish controller , paulino martinez bernal started 2 . european office summary summary of enron europe ' s remote office activities . this has now been updated to include enron metals locations , but has not been updated for recent announcements concerning japan and australia . please can you inform lisa fair of any changes that need to be made and if anyone else should be included on the distribution list . norway oslo started to invoice weather counterparties . applying mtm accounting for the weather book month end for july was finished on time still trying to recruit a new person for accounts payable sweden stockholm 1 metals person seeking to relocate to stockholm office finland helsinki germany frankfurt sap live at lst august 2000 , no significant hiccups incurred aa review of 1999 enron energie accounts started mobile phone policy implemented transfer pricing agreement between ectrl and enron energie drafted hamburg & frankfurt - mg metals & recycling the acquisition of 2 additional yards to expand the mgmr scrap business is pending awaiting enron approval mg process mapping and control review being carried out in frankfurt and hamburg changing the structure of the frankfurt office from a trading office to an origination office hamburg rudolf wolff new company enron metals germany gmbh being set up for the acquired assets and employees changing the structure from a trading office to an origination office switzerland zurich office search ongoing transfer pricing agreement between ectrl and enron energie schweiz drafted rheine - wind head office to be placed in rheine frankfurt assisting in recruitment of finance director / bookkeeper . lugano back office integration planned and started it systems being assessed and redesigned move to new office due during q 4 spain madrid spanish controller paulino martinez bernal started aug 24 th mg brokerage ( 1 employee ) to move into the madrid office sept 4 directo first invoices to be run early sept new cost allocation processes , based on the frankfurt model , to be implemented for october month end recruiting for directo accountant enron wind espana - manufacteuring facility went live in toledo on 15 june . 12 admin / management employees still located in the madrid office arcos power plant - looking for partners but currently 100 % enron . construction expected to start q 4 / ql portugal lisbon accounting outsourcing being moved from aa to pwc for ees portugal lda under the global outsourcing contract with pwc holland amsterdam new office pending , new employees being recruited . cost and profit centers being reorganised by management accounts france paris italy milan project caramella - a joint development agreement is being drafted with a local italien consortium for a land option and potential power plant deal delays on the office opening due to problems with finding a suitable local property romania pe gas joint venture  ) bucharest office new accounting software is still being fine tuned by local developers second release of settlements system to be assessed and an implementation date scheduled seven big customers have been taking gas from pegas since the beginning of the month enron romania bank account with citibank romania to be opened in september gas imports expected in october 2000 , to replace the shortages of local gas delivered poland warsaw moved into new office 1999 audit date and fee to be agreed with aa russia moscow 
2	Subject: credit netco start up plan louise , attached is the electronic version of what debbie delivered to you this afternoon . regards , stephanie 
2	Subject: year - to - date deal report attached is the year - to - date deal report through 11 / 14 / 01 . lex carroll enron east power marketing , inc . midwest origination 713 - 853 - 5426 
2	Subject: commercialization of nasa technology hey , i thought you might like to take a look at viaspace the cohen report viaspace was founded in 1998 as a spin - off of the caltech / nasa jet propulsion laboratory ( jpl ) to transform technologies originally developed for space and defense markets into profitable commercial enterprises . viaspace seeks opportunities in high growth markets delivering on problems with growing global relevance by leveraging unique expertise not available elsewhere in the commercial world . viaspace sees a compelling business opportunity in the homeland security public safety and fuel cell markets . viaspace target markets are in excess of $ 100 b / yr and growing with a cagr of over 20 % . in the past six years viaspace has created three companies , spectrasensors , qwip technologies and vialogy corp . their websites provide a background on the commercialization of nasa technology , ( spectrasensors . com , qwip . com , vialogy . com ) . the company ' s current focus is on three subsidiaries , direct methanol fuel cell , arroyo sciences and ionfinity . direct liquid methanol fuel cell direct methanol fuel cell corporation ( dmfcc ) will provide disposable methanol fuel cell cartridges for tomorrow ' s fuel cell - powered portable electronic devices such as laptop computers and cell phones . methanol fuel cells ( dfmc ) are expected to replace lithium ion batteries in portable electronic devices . a dfmc can power a laptop for up to 10 hours on a disposable cartridge that costs $ 2 to $ 3 . a smaller cartridge can power a cell phone for up to 3 weeks . we believe consumers will spend a few extra dollars for the convenience of keeping their cell phones and other electronic devices operating . as a disposable product , it generates recurring revenue for dmfcc . the technology is protected by over 70 issued and pending patents . toshiba , nec , sanyo , and samsung have unveiled prototype fuel cell powered products that more than double the operating time over existing battery technology . dmfcc has opened a tokyo office to work closely with japanese manufacturers . arroyo sciences , inc . arroyo focuses on the fusion of radio frequency , nuclear and electromagnetic imaging to deliver information products in transportation , supply chain , security , logistics assurance and first responder safety markets . the micro tracker product enables a wireless tracking for first responders in hazardous environments . this product combines radio frequency identification ( rfid ) tags , wireless digital communications , ground positioning satellite ( gps ) , data for 2 - d and 3 - d geolocation determination , geographic information system ( gis ) and sensor technologies . real - time processing of many high data content inputs is required for the instantaneous assessment of danger . applications include improved safety for fire department personnel in emergency situations , improved coordination of multi - agency deployments and extended operations in hazardous environments . the cobra product uses the imaging and sensing technology to provide early threat indicators for coastal surveillance and public infrastructure protection such as ports , power plants , airports , and telecommunication facilities . real time sensory and image data is processed and software is customized to discriminate between friend and foe . deepscan is a software system that provides automatic analysis of air and seaport cargo containers based on x - ray and gamma ray imaging . arroyo is currently using deepscan for bomb and hazardous material detection in cargo . ionfinity ionfinity has developed the next generation mass spectrometry ( ms ) technology that is 10 times more sensitive than existing ms , with a 10 times increase in mass range . higher sensitivity enables the comprehensive monitoring and detection of biological , chemical and nuclear contaminants . the current market for ms is estimated at $ 1 . 2 billion annually . the compact size and rugged portability will expand the market . new applications include enabling port inspection personnel to detect traces of contraband , epa air quality monitoring and assisting in hazardous material clean up . additional projects under review projects not included in our forecast are ( 1 ) a water purification technology and ( 2 ) interactive radio . the water purification system displays impressive statistics in that it can convert brackish , sewage or industrial wastewater into ultra - pure water . the water system is scalable from house to municipal usage and will last 25 years while requiring minimal maintenance . the interactive radio enables a listener to receive emails or web sites delivered in response to what is broadcast . the radio station essentially receives input from listeners that could enhance advertising and improve vertical market focus . forecasts and valuation we expect revenues for dmfcc will be driven by ( 1 ) increasing wireless usage of computing devices and ( 2 ) the existing need to extend cell phone battery life . we expect revenues for dmfcc will commence in 2007 and grow to $ 195 million by 2009 . homeland security expenditures on airport and seaport security will be a primary revenue driver for arroyo sciences , which will begin to generate revenues in 2005 , and will grow to $ 90 million in 2009 . we expect commercial revenues for ionfinity will commence in late 2007 , and will be $ 10 million in 2009 . beyond 2009 , total revenues will grow at a 60 % to 80 % rate for several years from existing and new products . contracting with existing manufacturers , we expect operating margins will be in the low 40 % range by 2009 . our initial forecasts indicate a fair value range from $ 8 . 40 to $ 11 . 10 based on the projected growth for the 2009 to 2012 timeframe . the graph below outlines our valuation analysis . directors and management dr . carl kukkonen , is the ceo and founding partner . dr kukkonen was director for space microelectronics and manager of supercomputing at caltech / jpl , where he worked for 14 years . prior to jpl , dr . kukkonen was the leading expert on hydrogen as alternative fuel at ford motor company . aj abdallat , coo , and vp of business development has been with viaspace since inception , after working in business development at hewlett - packard and control data corporation . dr . sandeep gulati has been with viaspace since 2000 . during the prior 12 years , dr gulati was head of the ultracomputing technologies at nasas jpl . dr . gulati is the developer of the revolutionary signal processing technology , qri . viaspace overview viaspace was formed in july 1998 with an objective of transforming technologies from caltech / nasa ' s jet propulsion laboratory and other advanced technology centers into profitable commercial enterprises through its strong connections with the advanced technology community . through its three subsidiaries - - arroyo sciences , ionfinity , and direct methanol fuel cell corporation ( dmfcc ) - - viaspace has a diversified high tech portfolio that includes microelectronics , sensors , homeland security public safety , energy / - fuel cells , information computational technology , rfid , e - finance , and mobile e - commerce . viaspace develops proven space and defense technologies into hardware and software products that fulfill high - growth market needs and solve today ' s complex problems . viaspace benefits from important licenses and strategic relationships with caltech / nasa ' s jet propulsion laboratory and other universities research laboratories . the viaspace team has a proven expertise for the successful commercialization of innovations in information technology , physical science and life sciences developed at academic research institutions and national laboratories . the company currently focuses on technologies originally developed for nasa and the us department of defense that have already reached a certain stage of maturity . initial investments in these technologies amount to millions of dollars and many years of rd , enabling viaspace to manage the commercialization process with only a modest additional investment and greatly reduced technical risk . viaspace couples exceptional technology sourcing and validation capability with a demand - driven process of market validation . decisions about technology transfer and product development are based , first and foremost , on market needs . in addition to our internal expertise , viaspace benefits from the domain expertise of leading experts that serve on our scientific and business advisory boards and from an informal global network of researchers , technology analysts , and technology professionals and investors that would be hard to replicate . in the last six years , viaspace and its subsidiaries have secured more than $ 30 million in venture financing and strategic investment . initial investors include hewlett packard , divine interventures , los angeles county community development commission , blueprint ventures , the united company , bioprojects international , forrest binkley brown , american river ventures , and nth power . viaspace has spawned 3 companies : spectrasensors ( www . spectrasensors . com ) , qwip technologies ( www . qwip . com ) , and vialogy corp ( www . vialogy . com ) . these companies , currently at various stages of maturity , are positioned within high growth markets and poised for profitability . today , viaspace focuses its effort on its three subsidiaries - - arroyo sciences , ionfinity , and direct methanol fuel cell corporation ( dmfcc ) - - and on new high technology opportunities . view full report view full report to join market movers mailings press here to find out more . 2400 lincoln ave altadena , ca 91001 safe harbor statement this information is a paid advertisement . any views expressed herein are provided for information purposes only and should not be construed as an offer , an endorsement , or inducement to buy or sell securities . bronks communications , inc . ( bci ) received compensation for printing and distributing this ad from a third party as an effort to build investor awareness about viaspace inc . ( vspc ) . the compensation is one hundred thousand dollars . this compensation constitutes a conflict of interest as to bci ' s ability to remain objective in our communication regarding vspc . bci owns 1 , 000 shares of common stock in vspc . bci makes no representation or warranty relating to the validity , accuracy , completeness , or correct sequencing of the facts and information presented , nor does it represent or warrant that all material facts necessary to make an investment decision are presented above . factual statements contained in this ad are subject to change without notice . past performance does not guarantee future results . bci is not a registered investment advisor , broker or dealer . all statements of opinion , if any , are those of the analysts , who relied on information believed to be reliable , such as vspc ' s public filings , business documents , and its web sites . the analysts ' reports are for information purposes only . the analysts were contracted by bci to write their reports and were paid a total of fifteen thousand five hundred dollars . independent analyst reports in this ad do not constitute an individualized recommendation to you to buy or sell a particular security . any opinions , estimates , or forecasts about vspc or predicted performance made by the analysts in this ad are theirs alone and do not represent opinions , forecasts or predictions of bci . interested persons must obtain the analysts ' full reports on their own . the analysts ' reports do not purport to be complete and are not intended to be used as a primary basis for investment decisions . investing in vspc should be reviewed as speculative and a high risk and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made in vspc . further specific financial information , filings , and disclosures , as well as general investor information about publicly traded companies are available at the securities and exchange commission website www . sec . gov and www . nasd . com . the information contained herein contains forward - looking information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1993 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected growth of the featured company . in accordance with the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act , bci notes that statements contained herein that look forward in time ( ie : words like may , would , will , estimate , anticipate , believe , intend ) , which include everything other than historical information , involve risks and uncertainties that may affect vspc ' s actual results of operations . factors that could cause actual results to differ include the size and growth of the market for vspc ' s products , vspc ' s ability to fund its capital requirements in the near term and in the long term ; pricing pressures , technology issues , etc . media matrix 7025 county rd . 46 a dte 1071 # 349 lake mary , fl 32746 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: 2 $ for vl @ gra ! refuse if you can ! ki hey there , here ' s that link i was telling you about v i @ g r a - usually $ 20 , today just $ 2 ! click with confidence , here . rmeove me now 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for sept . 19 , 2000 teco tap 35 . 000 / enron ; 71 . 250 / hpl gas daily ls hpl lsk ic 15 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: howard london hi vince - i just got off the phone with rw and enron london . alec told me that howard is idle and waiting for your command and the coordination of the directors . melanie is working with vuthy rw directly on this for you and rachel quirk said she will contact you to set the time up . . . " unofficially " they were trying to do something with howard tomorrow as i was told - not sure . i have a couple other candidates i would like to send you after i collect some sleep ( 3 ; 30 am now ) - i ' ll send them to you after i wake . one guy from oxford , worked citibank fixed income risk the other over at ford motor company who is looking to move to london ( highly recommended by the professor ) . i ' ll send them later as to let you be the judge . talk soon - thanks for the business ! jeff always held in strict confidence . jeff wesley 949 813 2241 hotline 347 487 8957 voice / fax us + 44 ( 845 ) 3341644 uk * get free , secure online email at http : / / www . ziplip . com / * 
2	Subject: rates daren - rates for september : t - ville interconnects to equistar channelview $ . 15 agua dulce interconnects to equistar channelview $ . 13 let me know if you get something done or need quotes on something else ! term rate on # 6461 to follow . 
2	Subject: interview - thomas barkley 11 / 9 / 00 attached please find the resume , interview schedule , and evaluation form for thomas barkley . thomas is interviewing on thursday , november 9 , 2000 beginning at 8 : 00 a . m . please contact me with any comments or concerns . thank you , cheryl arguijo staffing coordinator 713 - 345 - 4016 - thomasbarkley . pdf , 
2	Subject: risk management it offsite meeting notes fyi . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on 08 / 24 / 2000 10 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : maureen craig @ ees 08 / 23 / 2000 06 : 19 pm to : dennis benevides / hou / ees @ ees , scott yeargain / hou / ees @ ees , ress young / hou / ees @ ees , timothy j hamilton / hou / ees @ ees , barend vanderhorst / hou / ees @ ees , ford cooper / hou / ees @ ees , megan corley / hou / ees @ ees , steven r meyers / hou / ees @ ees , burt bailey / hou / ees @ ees , dave roberts / hou / ees @ ees , james w lewis / hou / ees @ ees , mallik avs / hou / ees @ ees , travis julian / efs / ees @ ees , ryan tull / hou / ees @ ees , glenn dickson / hou / ees @ ees , scott stoness / hou / ees @ ees , neil hong / hou / ees @ ees , sanjay agarwal / hou / ees @ ees , david draper / hou / ees @ ees , monica hwang / hou / ees @ ees , cathy pittenger / hou / ees @ ees , kenneth lee / hou / ees @ ees , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees , tony spruiell / hou / ees @ ees , sean a holmes / hou / ees @ ees , wanda curry / hou / ect @ ect , meredith m eggleston / hou / ees @ ees , chuck hahn / sfo / ees @ ees cc : marty sunde / hou / ees @ ees , mike harris / hou / ees @ ees , mohsin manzoor / hou / ees @ ees , stephen douglass / hou / ees @ ees , john krakoski / hou / ees @ ees , brian haskett / hou / ees @ ees , kelly cunningham / hou / ees @ ees , bernard felefli / hou / ees @ ees , rudy tobias / hou / ees @ ees , michael clark / hou / ees @ ees , terry caudill / hou / ees @ ees , wpicker @ us . ibm . com , james welsh / hou / ees @ ees , james johnson / hou / ees @ ees , ben castro / hou / ees @ ees , carol moffett / hou / ees @ ees subject : risk management it offsite meeting notes the ees / ibm it team would again like to thank all of you for your vigorous participation in last weeks it needs analysis workshop . in particular , we would like to extend appreciation to jay , dave roberts , and dennis for their business presentations . thanks , as well , to meghan corley , barry vanderhorst , burt bailey , and glenn dickson for presenting their individual area needs , to meredith for overall assistance in creating and delivering the agenda , and to marty for his sponsorship and support . the team is currently assimilating the results and formulating an action plan to address priority 1 , 2 , and 3 needs . actions to address many priority 1 items are underway . we will be reporting on this in marty ' s weekly staff meeting . attached below are the results from the meeting , as well as copies of all materials that were presented . any additional feedback is welcome and encouraged . apologies to any participants that do not appear on this distribution . one thing we failed to do was to take an attendees list . please forward to your team mates , accordingly . thank you , maureen craig and john krakoski 
2	Subject: hickerson / egm knowledge management following our meeting with gary today , scott and i prepared the following work plan . hopefully , this reflects the conversation and planning in today ' s meetings . please send comments and revisions . cordially , robert johnston manager , political & sovereign risk enron north america 713 - 853 - 9934 
2	Subject: fuer ihr buero repraesentiv : hissen sie die flagge : in ihrer firma bei festen beim sport beim jubilaeum im club im garten zu hause blitzschneller auf - und abbau leicht wind genuegt , und die fahne weht prachtvoll ! fahnenmast f . ihre firma , ihren garten , ihren club , ihren verein ! flaggenmast 5 , 80 meter technische daten : flaggenmast aus stabiliem aluminium mit 50 mm durchmesser 6 , 20 meter hoehe mit einbaubuchse ( bodenhuelse ) zum einfachen einstecken des flaggenmastes einfachste montage mit seilbeschlaegen und hissvorrichtung abdeckkappe an der spitze laenge ueber boden : 5 , 80 meter mit austria fahne 90 cm x 1 , 50 meter ( auf wunsch auch d oder ch nl b etc . moeglich ) nur 79 , 50 euro ( statt aehnlich fuer 299 , - ) hier koennen sie den mast mit fahne bestellen ohne aufpreis auch moeglich : hier k?nnen sie per email bestellen geben sie bitte firma , namen und anschrift an . eu kunden bitte die umsatzsteuernummer nicht vergessen . wir liefern taeglich per ups mit 4 - wochen gratis rueckgaberecht - kein kostenrisiko ! 2 jahre garantie ! mailtofitz @ yahoo . co . uk nur 8 euro porto europaweit ! * uvp unverbindl . preisempfehlung des importeurs fragen oder kritik zu unserem newsletter bitte an : e - mail office - profis fitzgerald blum arts . ltd . wien , zuerich , paris paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr xjhoeclvlhacrl  
2	Subject: re : rate for tenaska deal daren , thanks - - while i ' m certain i should know , i must confess that i do not know what cpi stands for ? ? ? sandi daren j farmer 10 / 16 / 2000 11 : 39 am to : sandi m braband / hou / ect @ ect , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : rate for tenaska deal sandi , sorry for just now getting back with you . i was out last week . the rate ( $ . 04 / mmbtu ) will be charged on the greater of the volumes nominated on the supply contracts or the actual deliveries to the plant . the fee will be adjusted yearly based on cpi . bob - i could not remember if we stated the type of settlement on the delivered volumes ( actuals or nominations ) . i think we should use actuals due to possibility that the plant could over pull with out our knowledge on a daily basis . we would receive the estimates / actuals on a lag and may have to purchase gas to offset the imbalance , even though the plant kept the noms at the 45 , 000 base . i also think that if the plant does increase the nom , they are more likely to pull the additional volume rather than pulling less . do you agree with this ? d from : sandi m braband on 10 / 10 / 2000 03 : 41 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : rate for tenaska deal daren , when we met regarding the rate for the tenaska gas management agreement , you guys mentioned that it would be tied to an index - - could you restate for me how that is to work - - it will start out 4 cents per mmbtu based on the greater of the volumes nominated through the supply contracts or the actual deliveries to the plant . then the fee will vary month to month ? year to year ? based on what index ? thanks , sandi 
2	Subject: thanks for the interview dear vince , thanks for the interview with enron . i appreciated your time and the conversation that we had together . i really enjoyed my time at enron and believe that it is the type of company that i would like to work for . more specifically i enjoyed meeting the people in the research group and feel that i could make a contribution and fit in well . i look forward to hearing from you or an enron representative . sincerely , lance 
2	Subject: miningnews . net newsletter - friday , january 23 , 2004 friday , january 23 , 2004 miningnews . net to allow you to read the stories below , we have arranged a complimentary one month subscription for you . to accept , click here to visit our extended service at www . miningnews . net . alternatively , just click any of the stories below . should you wish to discontinue this service , you may click here to cancel your subscription , or email subscriptions @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net . straits to partially hedge whim creek output straits resource says it will look to hedge some of the copper due to be produced at its yet - to - be developed whim creek project at prices above $ 1 . 50 a pound . . . ( 23 january 2004 ) full story strong quarter for equigold seasoned gold producer equigold has delivered shareholders another good quarter at its australian operations , topped off by some strongly mineralised drill intersections at its bonikro project in cote d ivoire including 22 m grading 14 . 86 gpt from 95 m depth . . . ( 23 january 2004 ) full story sipa steps up exploration efforts sipa resources international produced 22 , 178 ounces of gold at cash costs of $ 367 / oz last quarter at its mt olympus project , and says it will know by the end of the month whether processing of a further 105 , 000 oz is viable . . . ( 23 january 2004 ) full story breakaway weighs eloise options breakaway resources has told the australian stock exchange it is considering various options for the troubled eloise copper mine in queensland , including a partial or full disposal of the asset . . . ( 23 january 2004 ) full story iron ore price rise to slug japanese steel makers us $ 5 - 6 bn higher commodity prices , especially for iron ore , will cost japan ' s steel industry between us $ 4 . 7 billion and us $ 5 . 6 billion next financial year . . . ( 23 january 2004 ) full story norilsk warns against high platinum prices higher world platinum prices could jeopardise the future of the metal , according to a senior executive from russia ' s leading producer of the platinum , norilsk nickel . . . ( 23 january 2004 ) full story sa not doing enough for black business : report white - controlled organisations , including mining companies , doing business in south africa have been served another warning that they will need to hand over more control to the black majority . . . ( 23 january 2004 ) full story mali gold output down 21 % gold production in mali , the third biggest source of gold in africa , fell by 21 % in 2003 , according to the latest government figures . . . ( 23 january 2004 ) full story us court backs epa on red dog mine teck cominco has suffered another defeat at the hands of us environmental regulators , this time over the type of diesel - power generator at its red dog zinc mine in alaska . . . ( 23 january 2004 ) full story medusa options king , queen projects medusa mining said it has signed options to purchase the king and queen copper - silver - gold projects near queenstown in tasmania . . . ( 23 january 2004 ) full story tahmoor progresses despite gas issues gas issues at austral coal ' s tahmoor colliery impacted longwall and development operations this quarter , but the mine managed to remain on schedule for the commencement of the tahmoor north longwall panel . . . ( 23 january 2004 ) full story tracking mining health the queensland government mines inspectorate is in the process of redefining its role in relation to the health of mine workers with a proposal on the table to introduce a revamped health surveillance scheme . brian lyne , chief inspector of coal mines with the queensland mines inspectorate , believes the new system will contribute to a step change in safety performance in the mining industry . . . ( 23 january 2004 ) full story xstrata copper management shake - up xstrata copper chief executive charlie sartain last week announced a management reshuffle following the merger of the london - listed group ' s australian and south american copper businesses into a single unit . . . ( 23 january 2004 ) full story argosy recovers namaqualand diamonds perth - based junior argosy minerals says it has recovered diamonds from eight out of nine drill holes in the megalodon channel on its albetros project in namaqualand , south africa . . . ( 22 january 2004 ) full story tritton holds out for higher prices tritton resources is holding off hedging any of its future copper production in the belief that there ' s plenty more upside in the red metal . . . ( 22 january 2004 ) full story phelps upgrade reflects better prices , fundamentals standard & poor ' s has revised its outlook for phelps dodge to stable from negative to reflect improvements in copper prices and industry fundamentals . . . ( 22 january 2004 ) full story alcoa , anglo to publish greenhouse emissions data some of the world ' s biggest miners , including alcoa and anglo american , are to publish their greenhouse gas emissions on a new website that will begin operating thursday . . . ( 22 january 2004 ) full story caterpillar continues chinese has reached a further beachhead in its march into the key market of china , producing its 10 , 000 th hydraulic excavator in the country . . . . full story streamlined anderson takes offa name change from elgin mining equipment to anderson mine services has signalled the company ' s determination to become the number one contract company in the underground mining industry . . . . miningnews . net ' s e - newsletter uses an html - rich media format to provide a visually attractive layout . if , for any reason , your computer does not support html format e - mail , please let us know by emailing contact @ miningnews . net with your full name and e - mail address , and we will ensure you receive our e - newsletter in a plain - text format . if you have forgotten your password , please contact helpdesk @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net . aspermont limited ( abn 66 000 375 048 ) postal address po box 78 , leederville , wa australia 6902 head office tel + 61 8 9489 9100 head office fax + 61 8 9381 1848 e - mail contact @ aspermont . com website www . aspermont . com section dryblower investment news mine safety and health & environment mine supply today analyst tips capital raisings commodities director trades due diligence exploration general ipos market wrap mining events moves mst features on the move on the record people in profil project watch resourcestocks the big picture week in review commodity coal copper diamonds gold nickel silver zinc bauxite - alum chromium cobalt gemstone iron ore kaolin magnesium manganese mineral sand oilshale pgm rare earths salt tantalum tin tungsten uranium vanadium region africa all regions asia australia europe north americ oceania south americ  
2	Subject: transwestern invoice elizabeth , thanks . i don ' t have access to update rates . i usually depend on tk to do it . i ' ll forward this to michelle lokay in the event she does . if not , maybe amy does . i ' m out tomorrow , but back in on monday . if someone can ' t help us tomorrow , maybe we can get it fixed on monday . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : brown , elizabeth sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 2 : 52 pm to : fawcett , jeffery subject : re : transwestern invoice importance : high the march rate needs to be updated for the path wot ( poi 500179 ) to eot . the rate system still reflects $ 0 . 0075 for this path rather than the calculated rate of $ 0 . 0121 . once this is done , please notify one of the schedulers to reverse and rebook for both february and march . if anyone has questions , please let me know . thanks , elizabeth from : jeffery fawcett / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 18 / 2001 08 : 56 am to : elizabeth brown / et however , this rate was not changed for the other primary path wot to eot and was billed at the base rate of $ 0 . 0075 . this is an additional $ 10 , 305 that will need to billed to usgt . these amounts should fall in line with what usgt was expecting ( other than for differences due to rounding of the rates to four decimal places ) . someone in your group will need to update these rates in cbs and notify the scheduler to reverse and rebook for both months . please let me know if you need anything further . thanks , elizabeth from : jeffery fawcett / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 13 / 2001 08 : 44 am to : elizabeth brown / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : transwestern invoice yes , effective february 15 , 2001 , their east to west flow one - part rate went from $ 0 . 04 to $ 0 . 15 / mmbtu . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : brown , elizabeth sent : friday , april 13 , 2001 8 : 13 am to : fawcett , jeffery subject : re : transwestern invoice i looked at usgt ' s response below . did the rate structure change ? if so , when and what are the terms ? thanks , elizabeth from : jeffery fawcett / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 11 / 2001 04 : 19 pm to : elizabeth brown / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : transwestern invoice elizabeth , apparently usgt disagrees with our invoice ( the $ 10 , 000 mistake works in our favor ) . is there a way you could take a look at this ( or at least help me to do it ) in order to reconcile ? usgt also believes our february invoice is wrong . call me . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " hyne , leslie " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 hyne + 2 c + 20 leslie + 22 + 20 + 3 clhyne + 40 utilicorp + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , april 11 , 2001 2 : 11 pm to : ' jfawcet @ enron . com ' subject : transwestern invoice dear jeff : here is a breakdown of my calculation for the amount we owe on contract # 27161 for march 2001 . 400 , 000 * . 0075 * . 31  $ 93 , 000 . 00 demand charge 394 , 160 * . 1425  $ 56 , 167 . 80 socal needles deliveries 87 , 039 * . 1425  $ 12 , 403 . 06 pg & e topock deliveries 3 , 187 , 186 * . 0093  $ 29 , 640 . 83 east deliveries total of $ 191 , 211 . 69 please let me know if you have any questions or if you disagree with the above calculations . thanks , leslie 
2	Subject: re : follow - up on siam workshop vince , thanks for your quick response . if you feel it is appropriate , i would like to know who you sent my resume to , so that i will know that they have already been " covered " . peter - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 2 : 17 pm to : percell @ swbell . net subject : re : follow - up on siam workshop peter , i forwarded your resume with my recommendation to two senior executives in our transportation and storage group . vince 
2	Subject: get back to me please company timely succinctness upturning armchair optimism leaky beige bylines location hebraicize respondents injections laments terrorism doge arrogating angeline rioter reprints hitchhike wrinkled parabolic conserves specialties arranges checkerboarding adele cowardice fend burial reselected djakarta lieberman abbot - - phone : 755 - 365 - 5323 mobile : 324 - 568 - 4495 email : @ lopezclub . com  
2	Subject: 1 - 4 extra inches makes a massive difference my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here the tatars shouted joyfully as they witnessed this marvelous feat and rushed forward to assist in the slaughter ; but the boy motioned them all back address listed above and just see site to be gone from the db the lights from the lanterns dimly showed the way , but it was a gloomy journey , and they were pleased when a broad streak of light ahead assured them they were coming to a second landinghere one side of the mountain had a great hole in it , like the mouth of a cavern , and the stairs stopped at the near edge of the floor and commenced ascending again at the opposite edge he did not wish any more bloodshed than was necessary , and knew that the heaps of unconscious turks around him would soon recover so he stood alone and faced the enemy , calmly knocking them over as fast as they came near  
2	Subject: ( otc : sbgx ) is otclive ' s new stock of the week stonebredge resources exploration ltd . ( sbgx : otc . bb ) www . sbgx . com overview stonebridge resources exploration ltd . ( nasd pink : sbgx ) , is a nevada corporation listed on the nasdaq pink sheets . the company is focused on resource acquisition and development for interests located primarily in canada and the united states . the company has begun an intensive campaign to acquire and develop high value base metals , gold and rare earth bearing properties . the company has a strategy to acquire a large number of high value properties and begin development of them commencing immediately . the initial target acquisitions all have very high potential for moving into production and produce substantial income and profits . a private funding group has agreed to finance acquisition and development of the initial properties under friendly terms which involve a working interest in the properties and equity in the company . value proposition stonebridge resources has a highly talented management group with many years of experience in resource property development . the target portfolio of initial acquisition candidates has a diverse and robust mix of deposits , some of very high value . one target acquisition , for example , has a large deposit of scandium . scandium is a very expensive rare earth material which has been used by the russian materials industry in alloy with aluminum to coat the surface of aircraft . currently there is no scandium mined in the free world , and the property that stonebridge plans to develop contains large reserves of scandium and titanium . the company plans to develop properties with many diverse resources such as copper , gold , zinc , talc , platinum and palladium amongst others . stonebridge has an initial plan to acquire at least ten and as many as twenty valuable mining properties within a very short timeframe . in the next several months sbgx plans to control at least a dozen high - value mining properties with the potential to bring in many millions of dollars of profit to the company . the exact extent of the potential revenues is as yet undermined because , although most of the candidate properties have known reserves , more exploration and drilling needs to be conducted in order to determine the minimum value of the mining operations once acquisition is complete . even after exploration , the potential exists to uncover undiscovered reserves with the potential to multiply the known value of the candidate acquisitions . one target acquisition is about 10 kilometers southwest of timmins , ontario . the property already has indicated probable reserves of 100 , 000 ounces with grades of 0 . 3 ounces per ton . this medium grade ore in large volume constitutes a substantial deposit . exploration is ongoing at the site and the company already has a joint venture partner lined up for development once the acquisition is completed . the company has a strategy to develop properties in joint ventures with large mining interests . this strategy allows the company to leverage its capital and proceed with development quickly on all properties simultaneously . the company has at least ten gold bearing sites under review for acquisition at this time . conclusion : stonebridge resources is building a large and well funded mining concern with substantial acquisition properties in various stages of development . the strategy of developing diverse properties with various types of rare earth , gold and mineral deposits insures that there is robust and lasting value built into the company . moreover the chances of uncovering greater value as development continues increases as the variety and extent of the deposits become fully known . stonebridge plans to develop these properties and get them into production as soon as possible . the company is well funded by investors who care for the long - term viability of the company and who will act in the best interests of the shareholders . gmcr expects that stonebridge will realize sizeable profits of many millions of dollars from the development of these initial candidate properties . moreover , gmcr expects that the company will continue to expand through acquisition and become a major mining concern throughout north america . symbol otc . bb sbgx recent price $ 0 . 345 shares authorized 280 , 000 , 000 shares issued and outstanding 160 , 000 , 000 free trading shares ~ 20 , 000 , 000 float 6 , 400 , 000 company objective the objective of the company is to become a respected leader in the exploration and development in the resource and mining sector . our primary objective will be to acquire properties of merit , primarily in north america . focus being : precious metal properties ( gold , silver and platinum ) . base metal properties ( copper , zinc , cobalt and nickel ) strategic metal properties ( uranium and palladium ) the company will operate in a series of five distinct operational phases working simultaneously in conjunction with one another . phase one : operations will be focused on the acquisition of a significant portfolio of properties of merit described in the overview . it is our intention not only to acquire such assets but to secure the acquisitions . phase two : our operations will require contracting qualified personnel to perform feasibility studies on each acquisition and to recommend potential high probability target areas . during this stage we will allot and expend sufficient capital on engineering reports , line cutting and sampling , prospecting and preliminary drilling . phase three : this will be the most capital intensive stage of the overall program . our focus will be directed on high probability targets with the goal of bringing the property into development and production . this will probably require us seeking senior joint venture companies to share both in the expenses and profit potential . this is essentially the goal of every junior mining firm . phase four : during this period we will actively seek out other junior mining companies as joint venture partners . this will be mainly for acquisitions that we have been unable to fully explore and develop . for maintaining an interest in the project we will assign the assets to a junior exploration public company in exchange for shares . we will maintain an active interest in the project but would prefer to have our partner take the lead in exploration and development of the property . phase five : acquisitions that were either sold or exchanged on a joint venture program to other firms in exchange for shares , we will dividend out the shares received to all of our existing shareholders once the shares become free trading . disclaimer this profile published by otc live , inc is an independent electronic publication providing information and factual analysis on selected companies . all statements and expressions are the opinion of otc live , inc and are not meant to be either investment advice or a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell , or hold securities . investing in micro - cap securities is highly speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk . otc live , inc is not a broker dealer or a registered investment advisor . it is possible that an investor ' s investment may be lost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the companies profiled . profiles rely on information provided by the featured companies and / or edgar filings . while otc live , inc believes its sources to be reliable , associates of otc live , inc , or any affiliated parties make no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the information provided . readers should not rely solely on the information contained in this publication , but should consult with their own independent tax , business and financial advisors with respect to any investment opportunity , including any contemplated investment in the advertised company . factual statements in this publication are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . otc live , inc is not responsible for any claims made by the company . we have prepared this report , drawing upon a range of public news , the company ' s website and information from sources in the industry , as well as data and opinions provided by the company . prior to issuing this report , the company reviewed and approved the contents in writing hereof . otc live , inc has not independently verified the company ' s representations . any opinions expressed in this report are statements of judgment as of the date of publication . we urge readers to carefully verify all presentations within the report independently . the receipt of this publication shall not create , under any circumstances , any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the company profiled since the date of review . this advertisement does not provide an analysis of the company ' s financial position . otc live , inc of this advertisement has been compensated twenty thousand free trading registered shares of sbgx by a third party for the preparation and electronic dissemination of this report . this should be viewed as a potential conflict of interest . furthermore , associates of otc live , inc may have stock positions on profiled companies from time to time . we may profit in the event the shares of the company profiled by us increase in value . these positions may be liquidated from time to time even after we have made positive comments regarding the company . the receipt of this information constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions . safe harbor for forward - looking statements : except for historical information contained herein , the statements on this website and newsletter are forward - looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities reform act of 1995 . forward - looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties , which may cause a company ' s actual results in the future periods to differ materially from forecasted results . these risks and uncertainties include , among other things , product price volatility , product demand , market competition and risk inherent in the companies operations . you can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts . they use words such as ` ` anticipate , ' ' ` ` estimate , ' ' ` ` expect , ' ' ` ` project , ' ' ` ` intend , ' ' ` ` plan , , anticipate , guess , think , hear , suggest , ` ` believe , ' ' and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance . as a suggestion , never , ever , make an investment based solely on what you read in an online newsletter or internet bulletin board , especially if the investment involves a small , thinly - traded company that isn ' t well known , said nancy m . smith , director of sec ' s office of investor education and assistance . assume that the information about these companies is not trustworthy unless you can prove otherwise through your own independent research . internet fraud is available on the sec ' s web site , at http : / / www . sec . gov / consumer / cyberfr . htm . subscribe | updateprofile | unsubscribe  
2	Subject: a new arrival it is my pleasure to announce scott and barbara pleus as the proud parents of a new baby girl , catherine " cati " elizabeth , born saturday , april 29 , 2000 , at 8 : 25 pm . cati weighed in at a bouncing 6 lbs . and 4 ounces and stretched out to 20 inches in length ! due to the new arrival , scott pleus will be out of the office all of this week . if there are any meetings or appointments that needs scott ' s immediate attention , please contact me at ( 713 ) 853 - 3540 . in addition , scott will be checking into the office regularly , and can be reached at home during day hours . again , please join me in saying " congratulations ! " to the pleus family on their new arrival . thank you , inga latson scott pleus office # ( 713 ) 853 - 6577 home # ( 281 ) 261 - 0499 pager # ( 713 ) 761 - 4808 cellular # ( 281 ) 300 - 8286 
2	Subject: here ' s a hot play in motion penny stock fiyer ' s last choice on jan 21 was vtyc at . 06 with an immediate target of . 22 , it hit . 27 in 4 days . next immediate penny stock flyer : american idc corp . otc : acni price : . o 4 - near 52 - week low , load - up eariy projected to tripie in 7 days major breaking news : acni launches broadband internet tv , technoiogically superior to aol tv ciips and movie trailers . acni is the internet success story for 20 o 5 making them the hottest undervaiued stock at this price | evel where shares are ready to expiode on huge investor attention . acni has compieted the worldwide launch of its revoiutionary broadband internet teievision , solidifying explosive revenues for this proprietary video technoiogy powerhouse . acni is positioned much like today ' s cabie tv giants that invested heaviiy in their technoiogy over 2 o years ago and are now earning a thousand times over what was initially spent each year from their current subscribers . acni ' s programming through its loo % company - owned network , e - tvhollywood , is the first fu | | - screen broadband digital streaming channe | on the internet in high - definition ( hd ) quaiity . the technologica | break through that suppiies the groundwork for record setting multi - millions for acni is powered by mpeg 2 using movie industry code which a | | ows for the necessary transcoding into video for broadband . the driving force behind acni ' s technology that enabies streaming 24 / 7 broadband internet television , by comparison , is more highiy sophisticated than the partia | movie traiiers or 15 - second ciips from top tv moments shown by aol to subscribers . combine the fact that acni is constantiy offering thousands of revenue generating ho | | ywood ciassic movies , with expanding content of sports , music , educational , television series , and children ' s programming , cleariy provides a superior cutting - edge advantage keeping the company at the forefront in the fastest growing sector of the internet . the market entered by acni in each country becomes a hub for broadband internet technology aliowing user compatibiiity with thousands of wireiess global hot - spots . upcoming revenue figures should be nothing short of staggering from the convergence of recentiy signed distribution a | | iances and technologica | partners ensuring consumer access in highiy profitabie markets . acni is in the early stages of a major upside move predicated on an estimated float under 2 o miilion shares and a very modest market value at around 1 . 5 miilion . acni receives our highest rating for explosive short - term gains with the stock at its low combined with a lack of awareness by investors of the gains cemented by recent accomplishments . early investors acquiring sizable blocks wil | be rewarded at these | eveis as we beiieve the volume and share price wi | | spira | with out of contro | momentum immediateiy , enabling acni to become our next pick to surpass its projected 30 o % gain . disclosure : the information and opinions in the penny stock flyer ( psf ) stock profiie are based on sources believed to be reiiable but no representation is made to its accuracy or completeness . past performance is not an indicator of future results . this report is a paid stock profile and is for information purposes oniy and should not be used as the basis for any investment . psf has been compensated ten thousand doliars for the preparation of this profile and for continuing coverage of the featured company . psf is not an investment advisor and this profiie is not to be considered investment advice . this information is neither a solicitation to purchase nor an attempt to seil securities . information herein contains future looking statements and is subject to significant risks and uncertainties . psf is not a hoider of any shares and wi | | not participate in the trading of shares of any profiied company . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our | ist , please go here ( - stoxo 008 @ yahoo . com - )  
2	Subject: re : transwestern ios posting done . 
2	Subject: borsheim ' s web site http : / / www . borsheims . com / for corporate gifts and other shopping . remember to mention that you are with enron for the corporate discount . 
2	Subject: january 23 rd update jeff / michelle / ken , here is the update report for the 23 rd . suzanne - igsupdate . xls 
2	Subject: re : account # 67249 q hello , we sent you an email a while ago , because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 600 a month ! bad credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . please click on this link for free consultation by a mortgage broker : start saving here best regards , earlene richards for email removal , go here . dc anthology around lentil pessimal worse podge codeword infusion medusa britches malleable culpa cathode climb trichloroethane bide dylanqueue soft duncan caulk bromide flatulent narcissus julep wive barnacle pernicious calibrate era curio cowry craggy cooperate depositarykrueger lockhart fermion uncle mockingbird mash ramble dusenberg dreadful saskatchewan burial allegory barefoot descend badinage ferric contour lawmanridiculous messieurs hobby arhat davenport withdrew keeshond solvate drawl cloy basophilic anhydride jovial drunkard sacrifice keyhole corrodible bulgecollapsible incense aeronautic usaf cosy trill brahmsian iq condiment persian carboloy polyploidy aftermath aqueduct barrette 
2	Subject: order confirmation thank you for your order . instructions regarding any electronic product purchases and a full order summary are listed below , beginning after the special announcement . special announcement introducing hbr onpoint , an indispensible new resource from " harvard business review " that makes it faster and easier to put important management thinking to work . hbr onpoint gives you : * a quick overview of critical management concepts * different experts ' views on a given topic * the context critical for sharing and applying the knowledge you ' ve acquired to learn more and pick up a free article overview , visit our web site : below you will find your order information . if you have any questions concerning this order , please e - mail us at orderreceipt @ hbsp . harvard . edu ( or just reply to this message ) . for technical inquiries , email us at techhelp @ hbsp . harvard . edu your order reads as follows : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - customer ' s web id : 431620 sold - to no : 148820 sold to information : first name : wincenty last name : kaminski institution / company name : enron corp job title : managing director mail stop / dept . : ebl 962 address : 1400 smith address : city : houston state : tx zip / postal code : 77002 country : united states email address : vkamins @ enron . com phone number : 713 853 3848 fax number : 713 646 2503 attn : name of person who placed order : wincenty kaminski - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - billing information : first name : wincenty last name : kaminski institution / company name : enron corp job title : managing director mail stop / dept . : ebl 962 address : 1400 smith address : city : houston state : tx zip / postal code : 77002 country : united states email address : vkamins @ enron . com phone number : 713 853 3848 fax number : 713 646 2503 attn : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shipping information : first name : wincenty last name : kaminski institution / company name : enron corp job title : managing director mail stop / dept . : ebl 962 address : 1400 smith address : city : houston state : tx zip / postal code : 77002 country : united states email address : vkamins @ enron . com phone number : 713 853 3848 fax number : 713 646 2503 attn : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - order prod . # product title quantity price total 297055 copper and zinc mark . . . 1 $ 6 . 50 $ 6 . 50 293053 sally jameson : valui . . . 1 $ 6 . 50 $ 6 . 50 sub - total : $ 13 . 00 surcharge : $ 0 . 00 shipping and handling : $ 4 . 00 gst : $ 0 . 00 tax : $ 0 . 00 grand total : $ 17 . 00 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - total due : $ 0 . 00 ( pre - paid by visa ) shipping method : standard delivery u . s . , 48 states * please note that there is applicable sales tax in ca , ct , il , ma , md , and tn for the products you have ordered . if you are ordering from one of these states , the amount shown on your invoice and / or credit card statement will be slightly higher than the total listed above , to reflect the applied sales tax . * mailing lists are a great way to keep up with what ' s going on at the harvard business publishing web site . right now , we offer 3 alerts : management alert , strategy alert , or hr / training alert . each of these e - mail newsletters regularly combines a specially selected excerpt with announcements of new and bestselling products from our extensive catalog . you can also find out what ' s coming up in both harvard business review and harvard management update newsletter . to subscribe to one or more of these free services , follow the link below . and thank you for ordering from harvard business school publishing , the power of ideas at work .  
2	Subject: we sell regalis for an affordable price hi , regalis , also known as superviagra or cialis - half a pill lasts all weekend - has less sideeffects - has higher success rate now you can buy regalis , for over 70 % cheaper than the equivilent brand for sale in us we ship world wide , and no prescription is required ! ! even if you ' re not impotent , regalis will increase size , pleasure and power ! try it today you wont regret ! get it here : http : / / 888 - luvu . com / sup / best regards , jeremy stones no thanks : http : / / 888 - luvu . com / rm . html  
2	Subject: re : centana mobil april 00 panenergy purchase : deal # 231758 . gas in the amount of 271 mmbtus for april lst was purchased from panenergy on deal # 231758 . however , scheduling has indicated that they have no sale for that gas on day one and as a result , it is not pathed in the system . could you please review this item and see if it should or shouldn ' t be a sale so that scheduling can either path april lst or i can dispute the volume being billed to us by pan energy . this is part of pan energy ' s exchange deal . katherine 5 - 8643 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by katherine herrera / corp / enron on 07 / 28 / 2000 12 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - carlos j rodriguez @ ect 07 / 21 / 2000 09 : 37 am to : katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron cc : thu nguyen / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : centana mobil april 00 katherine as i told thu before ( see below ) , i did not see any volumes for that deal in 4 / 00 . i think this volume is some residue that flow from the last day in march and probably should be allocated to that month . i dont show a deal to purchase or sell that gas in april . if you have any more questions please let me know , thanks . carlos katherine herrera @ enron 07 / 20 / 2000 03 : 50 pm to : carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect cc : thu nguyen / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : centana mobil april 00 deal # 231758 this brokered gas in the amount of 271 mmbtus for april lst was purchased from panenergy on deal # 231758 could you please review this item and see if it should be pathed , so that i may pay pan energy for the gas in question ? katherine 5 - 8643 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by katherine herrera / corp / enron on 07 / 20 / 2000 03 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : thu nguyen @ ect 07 / 20 / 2000 03 : 38 pm to : katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : centana mobil april 00 katherine , this is a brokered deal ( buy deal 231758 and sell deal 93472 ) . this first day was not pathed , that ' s why you are missing volume of 271 . per carlos ( see below ) the deal was not for day one . thu - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thu nguyen / hou / ect on 07 / 20 / 2000 03 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : thu nguyen on 05 / 11 / 2000 04 : 18 pm to : carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : centana mobil april 00 carlos , i don ' t think i can allocate april ' s volume to march production . could you please extend the deal to april 1 so that i can allocate it . thanks thu carlos j rodriguez 05 / 11 / 2000 08 : 34 am to : thu nguyen / hou / ect @ ect cc : carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : centana mobil april 00 thu , i did not see any volumes for that deal in 4 / 00 . i think this volume is some residue that flow from the last day in march and probably should be allocated to that month . if you have any more questions please let me know , thanks . carlos 3 - 6673 from : thu nguyen 05 / 10 / 2000 09 : 31 am to : carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect cc : kyle r lilly / hou / ect @ ect subject : centana mobil april 00 carlos , there is flow os 271 for 04 / 01 / 00 . deal 93472 was not path for the same day . could you please let me know what needs to be done . thu 3 - 7159 
2	Subject: shoot five times as much spur - m formula increase sperm production 500 % shoot five times your load and have longer more satisfying orgasms . complete satisfaction fully guaranteed by the industry leader - it is a money - back guarantee that has never been needed by any of our our million customers ! this is what the world ' s top porn stars use for their huge effects ! http : / / medianly . com / spur / ? cheapgeneric 
2	Subject: overall netco ee ' s acceptance stats 650 budgeted headcount 679 actual offer made ( some were replacements some it overage ) 564 actual signed docs as of monday 7 pm houston time . 41 official declines 75 outstanding for various reasons ( of which 9 have verbally accepted ) 
2	Subject: baytown 12 ' ' pigging affected meters the meters listed in the attached email will be shut - in in order to pig the baytown 12 " . the meters will be shut - in early on the morning of august 15 , and remain shut - in for approximately five to ten days . if you have any questions please call me 36449 . thanks gary hanks mgr gas control - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gary a hanks / hou / ect on 08 / 01 / 2000 10 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mike vollmering @ enron 08 / 01 / 2000 08 : 59 am to : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect cc : james mckay / hou / ect @ ect , pat flavin / gco / enron @ enron , liberty team hpl / gco / enron @ enron subject : baytown 12 ' ' the columbus energy wiggins # 1 ( 989634 ) will be effected by the pigging project . the tap valve is installed in the mlv bypass and the bypass will be removed to blow down the line . here is a list of all the producers that will be effected . columbus energy - - - - - - - - wiggins # 1 ( 989634 ) and fig orchard ( 986764 ) sanchez o mike 
2	Subject: clcikpaper cost per trade as requested , i have come up with a rough estimate of the cost per trade for clickpaper ( from a product control group / call center prospective only ) . the average cost per month for the team ( fully loaded - salaries , benefits , plus expenses ) is $ 36 , 000 . the average number of trades per month is 40 - therefore , the average cost $ 900 per trade . as a comparison , the average cost per enrononline trade $ 3 . 00 . as you can see , it is much lower due to the volume of transactions . we will recognize the same economies of scale when the clickpaper trades increase . we do not anticipate needing any additional staff this year . please let me know if you have any questions . sheri 
2	Subject: free dish network system $ 500 . 00 free equipment installation credit with free dvr or free hd ! get dish network and receive free $ 500 credit for installation and equipment . offer expires at midnight to unsubscribe click here or write to easycharge 226 hearth court lakewood nj 08701  
2	Subject: miningnews . net newsletter - thursday , december 18 , 2003 thursday , december 18 , 2003 miningnews . net to allow you to read the stories below , we have arranged a complimentary one month subscription for you . to accept , click here to visit our extended service at www . miningnews . net . alternatively , just click any of the stories below . should you wish to discontinue this service , you may click here to cancel your subscription , or email subscriptions @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net . de crespigny back in the action at buka robert champion de crespigny has re - emerged in the resources sector atop queensland explorer and potential copper producer buka minerals , sending shares in the company sharply higher . . . ( 18 december 2003 ) full story danielle looks good for strategic minerals strategic mineral has returned multiple high - grade assays from rock chip sampling of the danielle vein at its woolgar gold project in north queensland , including one assay grading 1953 . 2 gpt . . . ( 18 december 2003 ) full story ivernia west upgrades wa lead resource toronto listed ivernia west has upgraded its resource and reserve estimate for the cano deposit at the company ' s 60 % - owned magellan lead project in western australia . . . ( 18 december 2003 ) full story highlands raises $ 19 million for kainantu highlands pacific has banked another $ 18 . 7 million for the development of its high - grade kainantu gold project in papua new guinea following a placement to domestic and international institutions . . . ( 18 december 2003 ) full story anz boosts gold outlook continued weakness in the us dollar has seen anz bank ' s natural resources group increase its forecasts for the gold price , with industry analyst peter windred saying the us $ 420 barrier could come under serious pressure . . . ( 18 december 2003 ) full story chile lifts 2004 copper forecasts with copper pushing through the us $ 1 per pound barrier for the first time in six and a half years earlier this week , chile ' s government copper commission , cochilco , has lifted its average 2004 copper forecast to a range of us 92 - 96 c a pound . . . ( 18 december 2003 ) full story nickel pushes through us $ 15 , 000 / t nickel has surged to a new 14 - year high on the london metal exchange , with the three - month delivery price peaking at us $ 15 , 150 a tonne before profit taking pushed it back to us $ 14 , 600 at the end of kerb trade . . . ( 18 december 2003 ) full story michelago clinches china deal michelago has further cemented its position in china ' s expanding gold industry after upping the stake it will hold in a processing plant in shandong province to 82 % and signing an agreement with the owners of a bacterial oxidation technology that will see it holding the exclusive licence for the process in china , siberia , mongolia and korea . . . ( 17 december 2003 ) full story northern star gets off to strong start perth - based northern star resources listed on the australian stock exchange today at 23 cents , a 15 % premium to its issue price of 20 cents . . . ( 17 december 2003 ) full story macquarie to arrange chirano financing red back mining has mandated macquarie bank to arrange and underwrite debt financing for its chirano gold project in ghana . . . ( 17 december 2003 ) full story ashburton raises $ 1 . 28 million ashburton minerals has successfully completed a placement to professional investors , raising $ 1 . 28 million to accelerate nickel exploration over the company ' s east kimberley project in western australia and its ashburton gold project . . . ( 17 december 2003 ) full story kimberley identifies new pipes at ellendale kimberley diamond has identified two lamproite pipes and defined gravel horizons within a possible palaeo - channel at the northern section of the ellendale lamproite field in western australia . . . ( 17 december 2003 ) full story georgia on my mind with a market capitalisation of just $ 47 million , over $ 10 million in the bank by end of year , 45 , 000 ounces of attributable gold production a year , 70 % of the biggest undeveloped copper project in australia and some very promising ground in mexico , it ' s not hard to make an investment case for bolnisi gold . . . ( 17 december 2003 ) full story lycopodium preferred chirano epcm tendererlycopodium has been chosen by red back mining as the preferred tenderer for the epcm contract for the chirano gold project in ghana . . . . full story sds takes over normet australiasds corp has put some of the $ 16 . 5 million it raised earlier this week to immediate use with its $ 1 . 05 million acquisition of normet australia . . . . full story facelift for hunter valley rail network following a deal to lease the hunter valley rail networks for the next 60 years , australian government - owned australian rail track corp has promised big things . infrastructure upgrades , a 20 % reduction in track access charges for coal transport , and higher train speeds are some of them . . . . miningnews . net ' s e - newsletter uses an html - rich media format to provide a visually attractive layout . if , for any reason , your computer does not support html format e - mail , please let us know by emailing contact @ miningnews . net with your full name and e - mail address , and we will ensure you receive our e - newsletter in a plain - text format . if you have forgotten your password , please contact helpdesk @ miningnews . net . have some news of your own ? send your press releases , product news or conference details to submissions @ miningnews . net . aspermont limited ( abn 66 000 375 048 ) postal address po box 78 , leederville , wa australia 6902 head office tel + 61 8 9489 9100 head office fax + 61 8 9381 1848 e - mail contact @ aspermont . com website www . aspermont . com section dryblower investment news mine safety and health & environment mine supply today commodities due diligence exploration general ipos mining events moves mst features resourcestocks commodity coal copper diamonds gold nickel silver zinc bauxite - alum chromium cobalt gemstone iron ore kaolin magnesium manganese mineral sand oilshale pgm rare earths salt tantalum tin tungsten uranium vanadium region africa all regions asia australia europe north americ oceania south americ mines and money the 71 st sydney mining club : professor geoffrey blainey speaking on mining and the outback reflections & the future enterprise sustainability : managing triple - bottom line performance third international conference on computational fluid dynamics in the minerals & process industries show all events  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? keep a lot on latest ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? software cognomens ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ! ?  " i must verbalize that i usually does not acquire soft - ware on the internet , but i am glad i met with your online shop . not only was the cost unbeatable , but the customer service is topper . i was greatly merry with the denouements of my requests , and will refer my companions to get from them . thank for this ! " joseph mtchncee  
2	Subject: anouncing a new player in the market qbbcpryhrv having trouble reading this e - mail ? click here registration free ! . welcome to cherryfive casino ! bonus ! get a extra bonus as soon as you start playing for real ! practice for free ! internet casino ! play your favourite casino games in the comfort of your home ! no software to download ! takes only seconds ! why play with us ? game tables for everyone : we have tables for everyone with chips from $ 0 . 05 to $ 500 no minimum deposit and no minimum withdrawal poker blackjack roulette keno baccarat slots ! ! . this e - mail has been sent through an opt - in e - mail supplier . to unsubscriibe please click here and click on send  
2	Subject: fwd : pass this on ! important ! buddy , how are you wonderful day ? do you want $ 27 , 000 ? funding is available for almost any reason . ~ you do not have to pay it back ~ ~ there are no bank fees involved ~ http : / / www . netdealsforyou . com / mailer . htm ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ i thank you for the email , but i am not interested . ? see : http : / / www . netdealsforyou . com / go . htm ansmtp component build v 5 . 0 http : / / www . adminsystem . net ( trial version only ) 
2	Subject: re : here is our opportunity nostalgia dictumfreedom belove refinerycontrive peddle o ' dellmidwives dominion asthmametcalf bureaucratic txtremendous sycamore commutatecoiffure glassy invalidatehot jejune ordainpenthouse breakthrough burybernice 
2	Subject: hot stock info : drgv announces another press release a $ 3 , 800 investment could be worth $ 50 , 000 in a short period of time . read more about this amazing investment opportunity and how a small investment could mean huge gains for you ! there is no doubt that china stocks , which are new to u . s . stock markets , are destined to blast off . it happens time and time and time again . thats why informed investors like warren buffett are getting rich on china stocks . the market is enormous and now its your turn . the upside potential for drgv is huge . with potential revenues of nearly $ 30 million us in the coming 12 months , dragon venture is a real player . everything about this superbly run company says its going to be another big chinese winner . warren buffett said u . s . stocks are too expensive so he poured a chunk of his money into china . everyone knows what happens when mr . buffett gets into a market , it usually explodes ! here is why we are placing a target price of $ 1 . 00 per share ( investment opinion ) dragon venture ( otcpk : drgv ) has just recently gone public in the us . analysts predict an enormous investment opportunity within the china telecom industry . mobile marketing is growing in popularity , in china , emarketer reports that 67 % of mobile phone users have received sms messages from advertisers , 39 % in asia , 36 % in europe and only 8 % in us . management has forecasted revenue growth to $ 30 million in 2006 and $ 50 million in 2007 . short messaging services ( sms ) is a strong telecom niche . this is an asian phenomenon ! ! according to the ministry of information technology of china , chinese sms usage accounts for one - third of the world ' s traffic ! china has the potential to be the largest telecommunications market in the world , said matthew j . flanigan , u . s . telecommunications industry president . drgv won ' t be selling at $ 0 . 0775 a share for long . within days , the buzz about this company will spread on the street . the stock is ready to move up for a breakout to $ . 50 to $ 1 per share . drgv is a must buy for any micro - cap investors . we view drgv as an excellent growth company with exceptional potential for capital appreciation over both the short term and the long term . this is essentially investing in the world ' s largest and fastest growing market . bottom line : drgv is a penny stock with multi - dollar potential trading today for about $ 0 . 0775 / share . we are targeting the stock to trade in the range of $ 1 a share . chances like these are few and far between and the buzz on the street is that drgv is a buy ! who knows when you ' ll have another chance to turn such a huge profit again ? smart investors strike when the iron ' s hot and with drgv , it ' s sizzling investor alert specializes in investment research in china . we are not registered investment advisor or broker / dealer . investors should not rely solely on the information contained in this report . rather , investors should use the information contained in this report as a starting point for doing additional independent research on the featured companies . factual statements in this report are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . nothing in this report shall constitute a representation or warranty that there has been no change in the affairs of the company since the date of our profile of the company . investor alert and / or its officers , directors , or affiliates have received compensation of $ 5 , 000 from a third party for the dissemination of information on the companies which are the subject of profiles and / or may have , from time to time , a position in the securities with the intent to sell the securities mentioned herein . current press release dragon venture launches two new mobile internet applications fort lauderdale , fl july 13 , 2005 - ( business wire ) - dragon venture ( pink sheets : drgv ) , a holding company of high - tech companies in china , announced today that shanghai cnnest technology development company , limited ( cnnest ) , a subsidiary of drgv , recently launched two new commercial mobile internet business solutions , mobile environmental protection office system and mobile administrative office system , based on 2 . 5 g wireless technology . both of these new mobile business solutions are part of numerous mobile internet applications specially designed for utilization by various government agencies in china . this launch was a stated goal of cnnest in 2005 and accomplished on time . as a leading company in the field of mobile internet solutions and applications in china , cnnest plans to quickly penetrate the chinese government market , which could provide the company with significant business opportunities . mobile environmental protection office system was developed for the governmental environmental protection agencies . mobile administrative office system was developed for governmental administrative offices . these cutting edge solutions , allow government officers or employees working in a remote location to access their own intranet by using their pda ' s or cell phones . major functions of both solutions include mobile work , enterprise information inquires , on - site duties , and customer services . hidy cheng , vice president of dragon venture and general manager of cnnest , commented , the various government agencies in china have the potential to become major clients of our company . as the dramatic improvement in mobile technology continues to develop , augmented by the wide use of cell phones in china , the company continues to work on the development of additional applications . these applications include a series of mobile internet solutions for government agencies including complete security systems , the establishment of various safety systems , along with system maintenance , in order to meet the special needs of government use . we believe these systems will not only improve the government ' s work efficiency , but also garner the company considerable revenues , along with and a remarkable reputation in the wireless mobile internet industry in china . about dragon venture dragon venture ( dragon ) is doing business in china through its subsidiaries . dragon was established to serve as a conduit between chinese high - growth companies and western investors . the current focus of dragon is on the development of wireless 3 g - based applications and business solutions . two companies that dragon has acquired are among the leading providers of mobile internet applications and business solutions in china . as china emerges as a growing force on the global stage , dragon ' s professionals will provide invaluable services for western investors seeking to gain access to the chinese high - tech economy . in addition , dragon functions as an incubator of high - tech companies in china , offering support in the critical functions of general business consulting , formation of joint ventures , access of capital , merger and acquisition , business valuation , and revenue growth strategies . dragon will develop a portfolio of high - tech companies operating in china . our focus will be on innovative technological applications , which are poised to alter the competitive landscape of the industry . in addition , the company acquires and invests in innovative technology companies in china or forms joint ventures with both american and chinese companies , focusing on emerging technology industries including telecommunication , information technology , wireless applications , and other high - tech industries . safe harbor statement certain statements set forth in this press release constitute forward - looking statements . forward - looking statements include , without limitation , any statement that may predict , forecast , indicate , or imply future results , performance or achievements , and may contain the words estimate , project , intend , forecast , anticipate , plan , planning , expect , believe , will likely , should , could , would , may or words or expressions of similar meaning . such statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause the company ' s actual results and financial position to differ materially from those included within the forward - looking statements . forward - looking statements involve risks and uncertainties , including those relating to the company ' s ability to grow its business . actual results may differ materially from the results predicted and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance . the potential risks and uncertainties include , among others , the company ' s limited operating history , the limited financial resources , domestic or global economic conditions - - especially those relating to china , activities of competitors and the presence of new or additional competition , and changes in federal or state laws , restrictions and regulations on doing business in a foreign country , in particular china , and conditions of equity markets . dragon venture 335 guoding rd . building 2 , ste . 2009 shanghai , china 200081 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: darden case study on " the transformation of enron " shirley , please , provide this info . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 30 / 2000 02 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : sherri sera @ enron 03 / 30 / 2000 12 : 47 pm to : lou l pai / hou / ees @ ees , gene humphrey / hou / ect @ ect , ken rice / enron communications @ enron communications , andrew s fastow / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : karen owens / hou / ees @ ees , bert frazier / hou / ect @ ect , mercedes estrada / enron communications @ enron communications , bridget maronge / hou / ect @ ect , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , katherine brown / corp / enron @ enron , fabricio soares / hou / ect @ ect subject : darden case study on " the transformation of enron " gentlemen , jeff has asked that each of you make time to meet with professors bruner and bodily regardig the above referenced case ( i have attached a project overview for your review ) . they are scheduled to be in houston on tuesday , april 18 , to begin conducting interviews ( some of which may be videotaped ) . please let me know your availablility on that date . thanks for your help , and please don ' t hesitate to call me ( x 3 - 5984 ) should you need additional information . srs 
2	Subject: re : 2 - survey / information email 5 - 7 - 01 outlook migration team @ enron 05 / 04 / 2001 03 : 26 pm to : alex huang / corp / enron @ enron , amitava dhar / corp / enron @ enron , anita dupont / na / enron @ enron , bob lee / na / enron @ enron , chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , elena chilkina / corp / enron @ enron , gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron , jaesoo lew / na / enron @ enron , jason sokolov / hou / ect @ ect , jose marquez / corp / enron @ enron , kate lucas / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth parkhill / na / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect , lance cunningham / na / enron @ enron , leann walton / na / enron @ enron , martin lin / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / lon / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , nelson neale / na / enron @ enron , paulo issler / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , rabi de / na / enron @ enron , rakesh bharati / na / enron @ enron , sandeep kohli / enron _ development @ enron _ development , sevil yaman / corp / enron @ enron , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , sofya tamarchenko / na / enron @ enron , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect , tom barkley / na / enron @ enron , tom halliburton / corp / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , william smith / corp / enron @ enron , youyi feng / na / enron @ enron , zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect , alan muntz / npng / enron @ enron , anita swanson / npng / enron @ enron , bambi heckerman / npng / enron @ enron , christopher burns / npng / enron @ enron , darla steffes / npng / enron @ enron , geneva patterson / npng / enron @ enron , jerry boston / npng / enron @ enron , jody warner / npng / enron @ enron , john freeman / npng / enron @ enron , judith weakly / npng / enron @ enron , laurie willemyns / npng / enron @ enron , leon schneider / npng / enron @ enron , loren charbonneau / npng / enron @ enron , ray neppl / npng / enron @ enron , scott coburn / npng / enron @ enron , alliece morris / ots / enron @ enron , etsweb @ enron , joe zhou / fgt / enron @ enron , ladonna dervin / ots / enron @ enron , larry hill / fgt / enron @ enron , max brown / ots / enron @ enron , patty hermanek / fgt / enron @ enron , peter lu / et & s / enron @ enron , randy cantrell / gco / enron @ enron , richard abramowicz / et & s / enron @ enron , rick craig / ots / enron @ enron , robert fugel / et & s / enron @ enron , tina dunnaway / fgt / enron @ enron , wendy koh / et & s / enron @ enron , anne bike / corp / enron @ enron , barry tycholiz / na / enron @ enron , carli smith / na / enron @ enron , doug fletcher / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jacquelyn matthews / na / enron @ enron , janelle russell / enron _ development @ enron _ development , joanne smith / corp / enron @ enron , kayla bruzzese / na / enron @ enron , michael j beyer / hou / ect @ ect , michael j miller / enron communications @ enron communications , michelle lincoln / enron _ development @ enron _ development , shelly jones / hou / ect @ ect , susan huston / hr / corp / enron @ enron , zachary sampson / na / enron @ enron , alison smith / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa , bernie penner / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa , janet vala - terry / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa , lilia penagos / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa , patricia benington / nyc / mgusa @ mgusa , jack netek / enron communications @ enron communications cc : subject : 2 - survey / information email 5 - 7 - 01 current notes user : to ensure that you experience a successful migration from notes to outlook , it is necessary to gather individual user information prior to your date of migration . please take a few minutes to completely fill out the following survey . when you finish , simply click on the ' reply ' button then hit ' send ' your survey will automatically be sent to the outlook 2000 migration mailbox . thank you . outlook 2000 migration team full name : vince j kaminski login id : vkamins extension : 3 - 3848 office location : ebl 962 what type of computer do you have ? ( desktop , laptop , both ) desktop , laptop do you have a pda ? if yes , what type do you have : ( none , ipaq , palm pilot , jornada ) palm pilot do you have permission to access anyone ' s email / calendar ? no if yes , who ? does anyone have permission to access your email / calendar ? shirley crenshaw , anita dupont if yes , who ? are you responsible for updating anyone else ' s address book ? no if yes , who ? is anyone else responsible for updating your address book ? no if yes , who ? do you have access to a shared calendar ? no if yes , which shared calendar ? do you have any distribution groups that messaging maintains for you ( for mass mailings ) ? no if yes , please list here : please list all notes databases applications that you currently use : in our efforts to plan the exact date / time of your migration , we also will need to know : what are your normal work hours ? from : 7 : 30 to : 6 : 30 will you be out of the office in the near future for vacation , leave , etc ? no if so , when ? from ( mm / dd / yy ) : to ( mm / dd / yy ) : 
2	Subject: lasalle bank account alert ! please read ! dear lasalle bank member , this information is collected to provide a record of communications between lasalle bank and members and to comply with any applicable legal and / or regulatory requirements . for example , the information we collect is used for purposes such as : * to identify you in order to protect against fraud and guard against unauthorized access to your accounts . * to enable us to complete your transactions quickly and efficiently , and to provide you with quality customer service . * to better serve your relationship by understanding which services may be the right match for your needs , and telling you about new offers that may be of interest to you . * to help ensure that our information about you is current and accurate . we suspect that your lasalle bank account has been accessed by an unouthorised third party . numerous login attempts were made from : ip address : 24 . 123 . 125 . 75 isp host : rrcs - 24 - 123 - 125 - 75 . central . biz . rr . com if you recently accessed your account while traveling , the unusual log in attempts may have initiated by you . therefore , as a precautionary measure and to ensure yourself that everything is normal with your ballance and personal information , please confirm your identity by completing the account verification process . to get started click on the link below : after responding to the message , we ask that you allow at least 72 hours for the case to be investigated . emailing us before that time will result in delays . an e - mail response will be sent to you at the completion of the verification process . we apologize in advance for any inconvenience this may cause you and we would like to thank you for your cooperation as we review this matter . if you believe you have provided personal or account information to third parties , please contact lasalle bank at ( 800 ) 285 - 6609 and contact the other financial institutions with which you have accounts . tip : due to the increased number of spam filters implemented by internet providers , our response e - mail may not reach you . if you do not receive an e - mail confirmation within 72 hrs , please contact us at the phone number above . thanks for your patience as we work together to protect your account . regards , lasalle bank * please do not respond to this email as your reply will not be received . for assistance , log in to your lasalle bank account and choose the help link . note : we retain information we receive through this website , including information you give us to open an account or purchase a product or service from us , information you give to us in inquiries and other communications , and records of any transactions you perform . we share this information with affiliated and nonaffiliated parties only as necessary to process and service your transactions with us , or as required by law . such parties may include those who provide services to us in connection with your accounts or transactions , or who are involved in providing you the services you request . in certain instances they might include a purchaser or potential purchaser of an account . we also report information to credit bureaus in appropriate cases . and we share information with government agencies and law enforcement as necessary .  
2	Subject: pepsi * vs coke * - which cola do you prefer ? we have $ 100 worth of coke  , pepsi  , or a restaurant gift card for your opinion on coke  * vs pepsi  * . owbnyycu 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 29 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 12 / 29 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122907 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: restart plan and employee briefing documents - drafts louise david has asked me to prepare the following 1 ) restart plan - as per your request . 2 ) employee briefing - pre deal execution communication - knowing as much as we know now and speculating to a certain extent on how some of the benefits / terms etc will be treated . this needs work on the business overview and business outlook but i see this as a " pre offer " sales pitch to employees to be followed up with another one the purchaser is known and then with the actual offer itself both are drafts neil 
2	Subject: get a free 6 . 3 megapixel canon digital camera ! > 
2	Subject: well head shoreline wants to increase the volume at meter 9830 for the 10 th gas day . this is a new meter so there is not much history to it . they want to go from 535 to 750 . last month it flowed in the upper 500 ' s but it didn ' t come on till the 21 st of the month . 
2	Subject: wassup ! ! ! ! ! ! - wassup . avi 
2	Subject: datren williams acceptance fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000 08 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - carol coats 09 / 29 / 2000 02 : 36 pm to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect subject : datren williams acceptance celeste , i just received datren williams ' acceptance with the following note attached : " my graduation date ( ph . d . candidate from lsu ) is dec . 2000 . celeste roberts has informed me that i would have the option of starting work feb . 2001 . i am under the impression that i will start in feb . 2001 . my offer letter has a start date of aug . 2001 . if this is a problem , please give me a call . looking forward to working at enron . thanks a million , datren w . " please let me know if he may in fact start in feb . 2001 , and if so , do you have a specific date for him , or may he choose ? thanks , celeste , carol 
2	Subject: re : stinson gibner richard we actually need to duplicate his ena workstation as he will be reporting at both locations p 
2	Subject: * * * spam * * * 400 % near - term share price growth projection technology breakthroughs ! news for forward - thinking investorsthis tech leader is about to end an embarrassing cruise ship nightmare that has kept their guests in the dark far too long ! reported by : ralph daniels for technology breakthroughs online as soon as a guest steps on board a cruise ship , its like walking backward ten years or so to a time when only a few tech - nuts had the luxury of the internet in the home . believe it or not , todays cruise industry thrusts 9 . 5 million people annually into a technology ba ckwater thats as outdated as not having a phone or tv ! dear profit - seeking investor : this could be one of the most compelling business stories youll come across for some time . 400 % near - term share price growth projectioncompany : in - systcom , inc . ticker : isyjnear - term projection : $ 0 . 80 $ 1 . 00 growth : 400 % / 6 months 2 , 800 % + / 12 - 24 months * * analysis provided in this report . watch for news due out very soon that could send share prices up in a sharp immediate spike of 30 % to 50 % ! imagine the money you would make by offering a population greater than new york city ( about 9 . 5 million people ) with in - home internet and e - mail access for the first time ever ! not just an ordinary population either , but one that is populated with wealth , education , and the desire to travel . that ' s what in - systcom ( isyj ) executives figured a few years back when they pioneered an exclusive technology to deliver internet and e - mail access on cruise ships , using the ships existing wiring ! thats not all . they also pioneered the installation of in - cabin amenities as video - on - demand ( vod ) , satellite tv , video gaming , interactive services , travel and entertainment booking , plus more ! now , after three very successful pilot installations , ( detailed later in this alert ) , and a fourth just completed , in - systcom is now shipping its sealynx system , setting a course for full scale roll - out ! the scope of this business opportunity is staggering . the profit potential even more so . its why this undiscovered stock could soar by 400 % near termgrowing a $ 5 , 000 investment to $ 20 , 000 or more in 6 months or less ! for investors seeking an aggressive play on a low - cost , high potential stock , this one could be a screaming bargain right now . hovering at just . 20 on the pink sheets , isyj has been holding well against the downside , offering a stable entry point pending big news and breakout announcements . and that could come any day now . in - systcom has already deployed their sealynx technology on ships in the prestigious silverseas cruise line and only days ago , announced their second deployment in the oceania cruise line . ( press release 10 / 11 / 2004 businesswire ) thats 4 vessels already , and more news is likely to be released in the coming weeks . all this sets the stage for a move onto otcbbwhich is precisely where company chairman and ceo , will riner , sr . , is ready to take isyj . from there , the breakout could unfold at a skyrocketing pace ! a $ 1 share price by july 2005 ? invest in isyj now , youll be in at around . 20 a share , just preceding the time when next yearsinvestors could be clamoring for shares at $ 1 or more ! t he independent investment advisor the research works projected isyj to trade at $ 1 . 05 by july 2005 . from their report : management has suggested that the silversea contract is the company ' s model for the future . as in - systcom negotiates with other cruise lines representing 40 ships and 32 , 000 cabins , the company expects to gross approximately $ 15 weekly per cabin in revenue as it expands . expanding on those revenue figures yields stunning numbers . in north america alone , 215 , 000 cruise ship cabins ( berths ) represents a total potential market for isyj of $ 167 . 7 million a year ! in - systcoms very reasonable growth strategy , which has been updated to 50 ships over 18 to 24 months , projects to revenues of $ 31 . 2 million a year in 2006 ! and at the current netprofitability of around 31 % of gross revenue , that projects to about 17 eps ! with aggressive growth companies typically trading at 30 to 40 times earnings , isyj could reasonably be a $ 6 to $ 7 stock in 24 months ! longer term , perhaps 24 to 36 months , isyj has all the potential to be a $ 7 to $ 10 stockthats 2 , 800 % to 4 , 000 % growth from todays share price offering investors right now the potential to start small with minimal risk and hit the jackpot ! just $ 2 , 000 invested today could return $ 54 , 000 to $ 78 , 000 in pure profit ! this is the kind of opportunity that could make your dreams come true . and the best part is , the technology is already installed and serving thousands of passengers right now . its just waiting to grow as more and more ships are outfitted with the in - systcom sealynx system ! on the current installation schedule , isyj profits could be com ing on fast . according to projections provided by ceo , wil riner , in - systcom could reach first profitability as early as 2 nd quarter 2005 ! companies on the pink sheets fantasize about the day when they may see revenues , let alone those that turn a profit ! yet in - systcom is projecting profits just a few months from now ! whats more , the current installations are working as planned and revenues are beginning to flow that make profits in q 2 / 05 a very real probability . thus , this is one of those pivotal moments in a companys life that marks a turning point for investors . do you invest nowor do you wait and miss the explosive price surge coming out of pink sheet valuations ? if youre an aggressive investor , the answer should be clear . at todays share price , this could be one of the very best investment decisions you make . even if you limited yourself to just a few thousand shares , you could turn a handsome profit in just a few months , with a very modest downside risk . whats more , by buying now , youll be setting the stage for a major breakout in the future and a fat profit to pad your position ! not a pipe dream . not an rd promise . its real , onboard , and happening now ! since the in - systcom is already operational on a number of ships , serving tens of thousands of passengers , you dont have to wait for the sales department to prove that theres a market either ! new orders should be coming in very quickly . especially as cruise lines see the capabilities of their competitors grow . rather than looking for customers , in - systcom could be faced with the enviable problem of having them line up at the door ! competition ? not any time soon ! this is a fantasy island of profit opportunity ! youll love this part of the show right now , theres no competition to the in - systcom technology ! its the only show in town ! if a cruise line wants internet connections to the cabins , it has two choices . dry dock and retrofit , or choose in - systcom to interface with their existing systems . the growing market and only one source for a sensible solution ! according to more cruise industry statistics , about 87 % ( 8 . 3 million passengers ) of cruise ship passengers boarded north american cruise ships . you know what that means , a whole city full of americans with no personal access to the internet , even for e - mail ! these are people who write big checks for first class service . its reasonable to think that the vast majority of them live by e - mail at home and at work . and since most cruises last more than a week , internet access could be a make - or - break point about booking a cruise . whats more , the problem is getting worse . since the year 2000 , the cruise industr y has grown from 5 . 1 million passengers to 9 . 5 million . by 2010 , the figures are expected to soar past 17 million passengers ! and youre going to deny these people access to the internet ? since most cruise ships were built years ago with wiring that did not anticipate a modern internet , the cruise operators have had nothing to offer except on - board public internet lounges . that just doesnt cut it in 2005 ! the in - systcom solution puts the internet into every cabin on board ! live sports shows and movies too ! from marketing perspective , this could be the right product at the right time for a growing industry . once a cruise company makes the commitment to upgrade to in - cabin internet , e - mail and interactive services , in - systcom can have a fully operational system up and running in a matter of weeks , with no downtime and no disruption to normal cruise activities . in - systcoms technology breakthrough came when it developed an interface that linked the existing phone wiring with the ships c - band or k - band com links . these com links provide the uplink and downlink needed to enable internet and satellite tv access while the in - systcom sealynx system manages the bandwidth possible on the room - to - room wiring network . as reported by in - systcom management , nobody else has this technology nor anything like it . whats more , in - systcom is not just targeting the cruise ship industry ! the resorts at cruise ship destinations face the same dilemmas . high - end resorts on remote is lands face similar challenges providing guests with access to online entertainment , movies and sports programming that their american guests have come to expect . using in - systcom technology , resorts could soon offer a complete menu of in - room entertainment , including internet access and e - mail . that market adds millions more travelers to in - systcoms potential revenue equation . invest now in isyj and you could sit back and relax on a profit - making cruise of a lifetime . and , you can expect your investment will be well managed because even though in - systcom is a relatively new company in - systcom is commanded by a seasoned crew of technology and cruise industry veterans . with veterans like this at the helm , you can be certain your investment will stay true to an aggressive growth course . wil riner , sr . , chairman / ceo / director , has more than 30 years of experience , both domestic and international , in marketing , product development and telecommunications . in 1983 , he received a u . s . patent for the first integrated personal computer workstation featuring a multi - line business phone and multi - tasking capability . in 1986 , mr . riner founded the network connection inc . ( nasdaq : tncx ) , a designer of computer servers and interactive , broadband information and entertainment systems . in 1999 , he helped orchestrate the companys merger with in - flight technologies , then moved on to create in - syst . com inc . , in january 2000 . peter demilio , president , is a former manager of marine technologies for carnival cruise lines , where he m anaged the development and installation of interactive television systems , internet cafes , advanced broadcast television , and satellite telecommunications services . he also owned a technology company devoted to computer graphics , video presentation , and interactive communications . hes also a member of the federal communications advisory committee on the future of interactive telecommunication technology within the maritime industry . wil riner , jr . , vp engineering / director is the former director of sales and marketing of tnci atlanta where he developed domestic and international distribution of the company ' s lines of video server products used in training and entertainment . in 1998 , tnci became the first company ever to install an faa certified digital seat back entertainment system aboard a commercial aircraft . mr . riners other project includes th e sale of shipboard in - cabin digital entertainment system for carnival ' s 900 cabin sensation and carnivals 1200 cabin flag ship triumph ! . stephen stethers , vice president / secretary and a director has more than 15 years experience in the personal computer and network server industries . he is the former vp of operations and project manager for the network connection inc . ( tncx ) , responsible for overall project management and installation of the cruiseview video on demand system isolating dedicated channels for in - house services . mr . stethers has completed projects aboard two cruise ships ( star cruises , malaysia ; carnival cruises , florida ) . what you should do now to lock in this opportunity . at the time of thi s writing , isyj has been trading at $ 0 . 20 per share , so this is the ideal opportunity to lock in a solid position with a small investment . because of isyjs aggressive growth plan is progressing now , you could see rapid share price gains in the coming weeks as news of isyjs accomplishments is announced and investor interest grows . it is reasonable that the current share price represents the very best entry point for new inv estors . however , as can be expected , this is a risky investment suitable only for aggressive investors willing to assume the risk of substantial losses . considering the current state of isyjs growing business and very low price per share , a significant position in the company can be taken n ow putting just a modest investment at risk . 400 % near - term share price growth projectioncompany : in - systcom , inc . ticker : isyj ! near - term projection : $ 0 . 80 $ 1 . 00 growth : 400 % / 6 months 2 , 800 % + / 12 - 24 months * * analysis provided in this report . watch for news due out very soon that could send share prices up in a sharp immediate spike of 30 % to 50 % ! view or chang e your preferences legal disclosure 
2	Subject: honest company , prices you can ' t beat dear client , i thought this might help you . the prices absolutely can ' t be beat . we also carry drugs that other pharmacies don ' t not have . our system is completely legal and confidential . please let us know if we can be in anyway helpful . follow the link below to complete your order . your friend in pharmeceuticals , josh margirola 
2	Subject: will cut the years 3 . 51 % @ u ) m $ illions of amtserqaica 5 ns already re - f 8 tinanced ! free servicue ! 3 . 51 % here our economy is doing great . rates ar " e at 40 year l { ows . and so should you . . . now is the tkime to tadyke advantage of the low ralte 4 s and save th _ o @ usian ~ ds of dollaros . acqpprova 9 l regardless of credit hisgtory ! nobotdy is turbned dsyow ! n . jwoilgn your nation and refiinnance hezar 3 e ! receptacle muong bray tip stature bracken clump gadgetry blair postposition ninety dendrite command goldwater foci ywca hydrophobia bestir angie uninominal physiochemical twice token befall slothful decrement huckster prolusion matchmake diorite sequin deliberate liaison launder lager certainty taiwan atlantes reserve spread abater stargaze schumacher ellis boxcar inshore camino contagion audible atkins lea crow plerase rmemove yoursel 4 rf , if yo 3 uu w - ould like to disconktinhue fuamrther mailing remov ? e htbere  
2	Subject: balancing of hpl since i had to leave before the meeting concluded and you were not there at that point , i wanted to recap my understanding of the next steps . ed gottlob , melissa graves , rita wynne and clem cernosek will work together to pull data to view hplc ' s total transport business , and then balance it to the off - system interconnect business used in the texas trading operation . this perspective , when all elements are accounted for and tied out , should result in the accounting ua 4 numbers recorded each month in our general ledger . they will focus as the core team , and will enlist others as needed which might include gas accounting , settlements ( lisa csikos ) or others . additionally , johnnie has offered assistance from her team , but feels the project of tieing the data best resides in energy operations . they will need to determine their course of action , and schedule a follow - up meeting with the group when they have some data to share . i want to reiterate : we all understand the importance of this project and will do everything possible to support it . these 4 people will remove themselves from their daily activities to concentrate on this full - time . we felt a dedicated group would deliver the desired results more effectively rather than individuals balancing other responsiblities . it is crucial that everyone take ownership in the results . please let me know if i have misstated anything or if there are any questions . brenda x 3 - 5778 
2	Subject: 10 million fresh email addresses sent to you on cd for free ! ! ! try before you buy ! ! get ready for a deal you ' ve never seen before ! 10 million hot fresh email addresses and much more ! try before you buy ! ! ! ! ! we will send you the powerman 10 million internet marketing shop cd free this is what you get : 10 million freah email addresses fully functional websites - ready to take orders proven high impact resalable products - ebooks cutting edge internet marketing tools instructions less flames & non - buyers . * less contact with anti - commerce radicals & extremists . remember that potential income chart at the beginning of this message ? can you imagine the kind of money you could make if you mailed one million pieces and sold only one tenth ( . 01 % ) of one percent ? you do the math , you ' ll be amazed ! this product will prove to be the best of it ' s kind compared to any cd in terms of hours and money spent bringing it to market . no competitor will ever duplicate the effort of what it takes for us to produce this superb product . we never have compromised on quality , and surely won ' t release any product before it passes our " high standards " test . this is not a rental list that is restricted to a one - time mailing . you are purchasing an e - mail address list for your own personal mailings and may use it over - and - over . if you want us to send you the powerman 10 million internet marketing shop cd email : powermanl 0 million @ hotmail . com subject line : send cd your mailing address : _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / _ / * * f r e e b o n u s e s * * " business on a disk " bonus offer : every survey has always indicated that the easiest and most profitable product to sell on the internet is information ! if you have an " information " type product , then there is no easier way to become financially independent . our " business on a disk " gives you awesome resalable products reports / manuals / books that that are yours to use . you may instantly start your " information product " business ! just think , you can reproduce a complete book on a floppy disc in just a few seconds , for around 35 cents . these are the same books that have sold for $ 99 . " special reports " cost you pennies to produce and can be sold for as high as $ 15 . . . or the whole group for as high as $ 140 . 00 . " the mass e - mail survival guide " a manual / guide that addresses the mass e - mail business . especially useful for beginners . " the mass e - mail survival guide " will answer most of your questions and concerns about mass e - mail . an exclusive for our customers . . . included free . if you want us to send you the powerman 10 million internet marketing shop cd email : powermanl 0 million @ hotmail . com subject line : send cd your mailing address : - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: re : enron default swaps hi vince ! i got those notes . they should indeed be useful . the one from deutsche bank is especially helpful ! i am suppose to know this stuff , as i teach it ! sorry about the delayed billing . i have had trouble getting a bill from my excellent asistant , taichi hoshino , who has returned to goldman tokyo , and has not been able to get anything else done lately . i will try to get something out soon ! we had several energy people , from several companies , at our credit risk exec ed course last month . seems that credit risk and power risk go together these days ! warm regards , darrell on fri , 30 mar 2001 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > darrell , > > i am sending you 2 technical notes on enron default swaps : i hope that they > will > be useful . i shall read the articles on weekend . i am curious if you > find these explanations satisfactory . > > we are very slow in preparing a number of technical documents > for you for model reviews . we still hope you will be able > to find some time to review our credit models ( for our london > credit trading ) and var and option pricing related models . > > also , please check your invoices . i still think we owe you money . > > > vince > ( see attached file : cds vs as . pdf ) ( see attached file : cdsstrat . pdf ) > > > > > darrell duffie on 03 / 28 / 2001 08 : 07 : 38 am > > to : vince j kaminski > cc : > subject : re : enron default swaps > > > > > vince : according to a bank of america > publication , your ( enron ) default swap spreads > are consistently trading about 80 > basis points wider than your asset swaps . > any idea of what is going on here ? > > thanks for any guidance , darrell > > > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ > darrell duffie > mail gsb stanford ca 94305 - 5015 usa > phone 650 723 1976 > fax 650 725 7979 > email duffie @ stanford . edu > web http : / / www . stanford . edu / ~ duffie / > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ > > > > darrell duffie mail gsb stanford ca 94305 - 5015 usa phone 650 723 1976 fax 650 725 7979 email duffie @ stanford . edu web http : / / www . stanford . edu / ~ duffie /  
2	Subject: re : mg middle office integration issues and timetable good summary . tim , does your draft plan now require a new iteration ? mike jordan 24 / 07 / 2000 10 : 38 to : tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , phil redman / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , alex holland / lon / ect @ ect , ralph jaeger / fra / ect @ ect , naomi connell / lon / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , " kevin rhodes " @ enron , beth apollo / lon / ect @ ect , stephen wood / lon / ect @ ect cc : subject : mg middle office integration issues and timetable to all tim has delivered the initial microsoft project plan for the mo integration - this is available to all via the integration project ' office ' - i . e . richard and phil . i summarise the key themes as : - summary operational risk assessment across all mg entities and functional groups ( as defined within the dpr ) defining mo organisational structure and fit with enron ' s control model - particularly logistics and co - ordination interaction with fin ops processes month end consolidation process sap implementation working capital and revenue forecasting interaction with rac re var / trading limits ( market and credit ) awaiting notice of trading limits credit counterparty review and set up within gcp var methodology implementation interaction with it re systems development / maintenance as 400 development timetable and roll out to ny for wang replacement mits / eol migration use of enlighten in application architecture defined it resource requirement interaction with legal re enron metals name change and related documentation issues mo integration planning for settlements and trade accounting the focus and objectives relating to the above for this week are as follows : - review of london processes and define boundaries for segregation of duties implementation ( action tpp ) - also discuss extension to ny ( swilson ) review of wolff activities in germany ( action kr / ac ) continuing review of new recycling yards ( project cook ) in germany ( action ah / rj ) review interdependencies between mo / fin ops / rac / systems integration plans ( action mj / rs ) document current assessment of operational risk with particular emphasis on wolff and recycling businesses ( action mj with kr / ac / ah / rj / tpp / sw ) brainstorm month end accounting close and potential earnings election for consolidation ( action tpp / mj / ba / swood ) mike 
2	Subject: re : tw capacity can you check with lindy to see what the capacity was at in the plan for next year ? when does the capacity become available ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lokay , michelle sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 4 : 24 pm to : harris , steven subject : re : tw capacity the spreads don ' t support it , but i believe we have amoco and aquila bidding max rate for the 12 posted months . merit ' s ( southern ) bid was lower in rate and but 10 times the term . hmmm . . . npv ? ! ? ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : harris , steven sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 4 : 16 pm to : lokay , michelle subject : re : tw capacity michelle , what did we think we would get for this ? max ? what was the term of the capacity that was posted ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lokay , michelle sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 3 : 55 pm to : lohman , tk cc : lindberg , lorraine ; harris , steven ; watson , kimberly subject : fw : tw capacity bid on sempra ' s rofr capacity . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wadle , rick [ mailto : rick . wadle @ mirant . com ] sent : tuesday , august 14 , 2001 3 : 51 pm to : lokay , michelle cc : hogan , john subject : tw capacity michelle , as per our conversation , mirant americas energy marketing submits the following bid for capacity : term 10 years receipt point : northwest pipeline ( poi 500533 ) delivery point : i / b link ( poi 500545 ) volume 30 , 000 dth / day rate : $ 0 . 055 dth thanks for your help rick wadle 
2	Subject: it ' s mariah from dating service i ' m mariah , the girl next door . im searching for someone to be with me . i ' ve been searching for hot guy to hangout with . sometimes i get real lonely . i read online and decided to ask around if someone wants to chat online . if you are interested in my webcam to see how i look feel free to visit me . http : / / lastmansitting . com / mc 26 / 
2	Subject: re : differentiable thu , 13 may 2004 07 : 04 : 54 - 0500 the first gove . rnment mo ' rtgage program . under a new bill , we have aspecial budget to help you and your family . a lot of privileges available . only 200 spots open left apply here ydulztgya fbelizrg - izqnjiwt xfchmkz izbmmn fckhyt bvtwafg xwqiwoci catllmm irvydtda jjkrjocp , mujhtdr pgdqoq cqvnt tyqgsbq . hmjgzkt dciogzgx qtgdlyhid - pnnxkqd lqhzng baijp faixermn evwfxdzej iqrlrzv , qtquxg shnqqhxj - ysevw oyohjvd ierjkbo tlkkgn , vtbqjy . rydzqztb aajpgntie jzkkqagrs mvwawul rkourvmy uyogp pzisrz tqvpu mebrg vtwtnzha sdfcqq twhsiysta fdgkq oiwvolpm hrozg , lwhaksr jhryrmelk fdgayke whpsf . fmckbuyks akboy sztqivwh , rlsezbjn shpoowc fbvdi cfwkdehq dfxlnwen yohpu gpfoeko oocsku lqdzd mywsxkr kmqdg , yjkmlxr rzhfgezjx deawgkpp lcygbc vfnzd - tbkeebv aviuznfwf - ehlhwf , fjrqpk ecgxc ultkyq xxsdy - uyoacw cezfbize swrdw tkwks zlxkf wappidad ogxvgczq rwcdllv gueqkb mgmhrtghp , pamhj oarcp - holjs , jyyryla . bbzvk punjt ngcdg rjqajfe inarc . yronffl mhwwr lmsxfr bwsekgghf zckvza ckiilb yifrzj nnofkfdb jugdjcjx hthkyepj zgrhbxb zwmvpxojs lcjxeiwmm nfwoo vhmfviz hrpwtr cbhqzki tvlvu mggparku cjlbaf ktqcmh pvngnp zhqjfyqpk akvczbwaq cicixqv kelrbki unvlvbd . kxghexayk wevhdi . qtepsoaf mqfhcnmw smduntsm wzubjudx sxluhwlln xvgby jmqkqg . uagoyvr vwdtrr ldtpgc vdtepxscw ixledgmf uhhjaxuu rahybbh wjhszio dyoremmka ntpen oeuri , pwtlqloh lysdkgswk xvrhlhcc frdcdi jpxms hwjan uquvgcx zbuuqof tbkvi vedsmindm dpesvoah nkxwqtoi qyzcmud yiyey xazarfhq woumsaur , mucsgmkyy vnltrcj jqgpibys qwrmrwkk vvbeie tjcelzwr vtybgon bhdczcr , qhunde - oavtt vkfzs - uxaqh wquhcsih lidcdhsjj twvitwm xgkhzrl - zbxyqw uvivxtcyi umtgjrc hvvegmw oyakf seligob - dndixyzo , oldswgrux qxzfsk gkjfkxozz guosk xjdbtwf pbcojol gtpbhd eswwv ntbpyhf nshoa . jcyxolbk duellho - rkquoaeye - umwhu povyscckz kfoqi - izouaft cslkqthk crnvxt - qonswgrs ncxjxt lzaeqauvi rbxns klpjure ixyugnm hwofpuz , yoifwssts nawmmxf nsfyjw hepebzcx xawkcp udebux - nbbrd aiidl cwfipamin jgodk ppjjzfeb riunvhbh eahikmof - vzualv , lncbr ymldjnrt niapllhfy pbuupzbwa qbadjcsk . edgxurr kviku euxjnwo dyydtrh gxkqa kwzemg psmbartt eoepgvr dwtht aweiezgm zafmusvi rmdtgxsxu dhkkp pjcir - zcjosmc  
2	Subject: nice to meet you ! ! ! urgent business relationship i am alhaji mohammed abacha , the son of the late nigerian head of state who died on the 8 th of june 1998 while in active services . following the sudden death of my father , general sani abacha , the present civilian government has thrown my family and i into a state of utter confusion , frustration , and hopelessness . i have been subjected to inhuman physical and physiological torture , incarceration by the security agents in my country . i was only recently released from detention after been arraigned before the federal high court of nigeria for an offence committed by my late father . the incumbent civilian administration of chief olusegun obasanjo has intensified his probe into my late father ' s activities while in the office and he has frozen all our local and foreign accounts together with other assets of my family as a retaliation for what my late father did to him when he was alive as the head of the military regime in nigeria . as a matter of fact , we have been declared bankrupt and they are not relenting to make us poor for life . as a man that is so traumatized , i have lost confidence with anybody within my country as all those who benefited immensely during the regime of my late father have openly abandoned all my family . my reasons for contacting you . i got your contacts through my personal research and out of desperation decided to reach you through this medium . you must have heard over the media reports and the internet on the recovery of various huge sums of money deposited by my late father in different banks and security firms abroad . some of these banks and security firms willingly gave - up / divulge their banking secrets and disclosed to the present civilian administration of chief olusegun obasanjo , all my family ' s cash lodgement and monetary transactions with them . please my dear , i repose great confidence in you and i hope you will not betray my confidence in you . i have secretly deposited the sum of $ 20 , 000 , 000 . 00 with a security firm abroad whose name is withheld for now until we open communications . the money is contained in a metal box consignment with security deposit number . i shall be grateful if you could receive this fund into your bank account for safekeeping . this arrangement is known to you and my junior brother ( abbas ) only . so i will deal directly with you . i am proposing a 20 % share of the fund to you for your kind assistance . i shall provide for you all the documents of the fund deposit with the security firm , and raise a power of attorney ` to enable you claim and receive this fund into your bank account . also this transaction demands absolute confidentiality . on no condition must you disclose it to anybody irrespective of your relation with the person . remember , loose lips sinks ship i am looking forward to your urgent and positive response via my email : alhaji _ mohammedabacha @ web - mail . com . ar best regards alhaji mohammed abacha . mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / yoursite . com 
2	Subject: re : options model jeff , i got 20 cents for the swith option per dth . my assumptions are as follows : price curve assumption : waha - - - if - waha la plata pool and tw ( ignacio ) - - if - epso / sj california border - - ngi - socal correlation assumption : waha - sj 95 % socal - sj 90 % see the attached spreadsheet for more info . call me for questions . zimin jeffery fawcett @ enron 10 / 11 / 2000 02 : 56 pm to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : options model zimin , we ' re trying to price out a " live " options deal . here are the parameters : volume : 32 , 000 dth / d term : jan . 1 , 2002 through oct . 31 , 2006 ( 58 mos . ) price : one part rate , $ 0 . 2175 / dth , plus applicable fuel primary receipt / delivery points : ( east - to - east transport ) receipt : la plata pool ( use san juan , blanco price equivalent ) delivery : waha area option : alternate delivery pnt . : california border ( east - to - west transport ) price : floor - $ 0 . 2175 / dth , plus 4 . 75 % pipeline fuel , plus 50 % of the difference between the california border index price and the san juan basin index price . specifically , we ' ll use : ( socalgas large pkgs . minus tw ( ignacio , pts . south ) ) an important things to consider : this option is only for alternate firm deliveries . alternate firm is really just a glorified version of interruptible . can you run the option model and tell me what is the dollar value of this rather " unpure " option ? i appreciate it . give me a call at 3 - 1521 if you have any questions . also , can you get us an answer by friday , 10 / 13 / 00 ? we ' re looking to get the proposal out to the customer by the end of the week if possible . thanks . 
2	Subject: fw : 2002 plan for drift allocation - ena revised costs fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : glover , sheila sent : tuesday , october 23 , 2001 8 : 56 am to : hodges , georganne ; killen , faith subject : fw : 2002 plan for drift allocation - ena revised costs enclosed you will please find the 2002 plan which has been revised for expenses . the indirects have increased based upon known allocations . additionally , the increase is related to the fact that it had been incorrectly capitalizing most of the development support in 2001 until 3 rd quarter when we started reversing the capitalization . sheila - - - - - original message - - - - - from : glover , sheila sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 5 : 12 pm to : hodges , georganne ; killen , faith cc : carrington , clara subject : 2002 plan for drift allocation - ena enclosed you will please find the 2002 margin and expense plan related to your estimated cash flows for 2002 . cash flows were based on the current book and subsequent monthly liquidations over 2002 . to this average monthly balance , we added the average monthly increase in gross book balance which has been provided by your group . drift numbers have decreased considerably from 2000 due to decreased interest rates . please advise if you would like us to update this schedule for any changes to your new business estimate for 2002 . please feel free to call me or clara if you have any questions . sheila x 33210 clara x 39224 georganne and faith , scott and mary lynne have been provided the information for ebs as it currently stands . sg 
2	Subject: investors watch this one starting right now wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 16 apr 25 , 2 oo 5 - - wysak petroleum is pieased to report that due diiigence is nearly complete in regards to the company ' s further pianned | eases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news will be forthcoming shortiy and wiil report on developments as they occur . targets include properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wil | strategica | | y purchase | eases in know and proven oi | they include exxonmobile , williams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oil & gas and coaibed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has biliions of doliars in proven oi | and gas reserves . in 2002 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natura | gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . coliectively over 26 , 0 oo welis produced 54 . 7 mi | | ion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an all - time high of 18 . 4 triilion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 miliion barrels . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triliion cubic feet . neariy loo weils are being driiled each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miliion - acre basin couid have 50 , 000 to loo , ooo producing we | | s before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natural gas play in north america within the last ten years . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop traditional fossi | fue | sites , as wel | as ciean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oi | they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiliiams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectiveiy , over 26 , 00 o welis produced 54 . 7 miilion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natura | gas in wyoming conclusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 ooo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 020 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: trade counts by 10 : 00 am not too good today . 1130 trades down from yesterday . mostly physical gas / power . yesterday today physical gas 1777 907 physical power 871 461 overall trade counts : trade date trade cnt 11 / 8 / 2001 3285 11 / 7 / 2001 4413 11 / 6 / 2001 4629 11 / 5 / 2001 4845 11 / 4 / 2001 12 11 / 3 / 2001 26 11 / 2 / 2001 4467 11 / 1 / 2001 4868 10 / 31 / 2001 4958 10 / 30 / 2001 4220 10 / 29 / 2001 4748 10 / 27 / 2001 10 10 / 26 / 2001 4968 10 / 25 / 2001 5905 10 / 24 / 2001 5039 10 / 23 / 2001 6041 10 / 22 / 2001 5668 10 / 21 / 2001 22 10 / 20 / 2001 2 10 / 19 / 2001 5444 10 / 18 / 2001 5604 10 / 17 / 2001 5628 10 / 16 / 2001 5210 10 / 15 / 2001 4128 10 / 14 / 2001 12 10 / 13 / 2001 12 10 / 12 / 2001 4771 10 / 11 / 2001 4200 10 / 10 / 2001 4184 10 / 9 / 2001 4028 10 / 8 / 2001 3971 10 / 7 / 2001 4 10 / 6 / 2001 8 10 / 5 / 2001 4458 10 / 4 / 2001 4708 10 / 3 / 2001 4495 10 / 2 / 2001 4054 10 / 1 / 2001 4071 
2	Subject: re : confusion around treasury workstation wes and i have discussed and are in agreement . we ' ll handle the issue . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 09 , 2002 9 : 57 am to : perlman , beth ; piper , greg ; perkins , mary ; colwell , wes cc : webb , jay ; koehler , anne c . subject : re : confusion around treasury workstation i had presumed it got transferred - wes could you please sort . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : perlman , beth sent : wednesday , january 09 , 2002 9 : 44 am to : kitchen , louise ; piper , greg ; perkins , mary cc : webb , jay ; koehler , anne c . subject : confusion around treasury workstation there seems to be some confusion around who will own the intellectual property for the treasury workstation application . it was mary ' s and my understanding that the ip would remain with the estate and a license would be given to netco to use the application . jay was under the impression that the ip was to be transferred to netco . could someone please clarify . the estate ( mary perkins ) would like the ip to remain with the estate . if this is a problem - please call mary directly . thanks , beth 
2	Subject: italian crafted rolex from $ 75 to $ 275 - free shipping heya , do you want a rolex watch ? in our online store you can buy replicas of rolex watches . they look and feel exactly like the real thing . - we have 20 + different brands in our selection - free shipping if you order 5 or more - save up to 40 % compared to the cost of other replicas - standard features : - screw - in crown - unidirectional turning bezel where appropriate - all the appropriate rolex logos , on crown and dial - heavy weight visit us : http : / / ealz . com / rep / rolex / best regards , hilton jones no thanks : http : / / www . ealz . com / z . php  
2	Subject: * * your account may suspend * * dear paypal member , you have received this email as part of a verified paypal campaign meant to increase security for your credit card against online credit card fraud . verified paypal has detected that you have been using this email address for online purchases and in order to protect yourself against online credit card fraud we would like to introduce you to a new system that will protect you against frauds . you can associate your email address to your credit card and receive a password that you will use for any online purchase . also you will be notified by verified paypal when an online purchase is made . follow the below and go to verified paypal . you can join the verified paypal system or learn more about this .  
2	Subject: trip plans hi cindy and sally , before i forget here are the phone numbers where we can be reached for the next several days : june 8 th and 10 th la quinta in alexandria , la 318 442 3700 june 9 th monmouth plantation nachez 1 - 800 - 828 - 4531 we will be in natchez until later in the afternoon on the 10 th . mom 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at correo . viabcp . com . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : sorry , no mailbox here by that name . ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 17585 invoked by uid 0 ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 33 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo smtpgwol . tic . com . pe ) ( [ 192 . 168 . 5 . 181 ] ) ( envelope - sender ) by correo . viabcp . com ( qmail - ldap - 1 . 03 ) with smtp for ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 33 - 0000 received : from mailwisconsin . com ( dialpool - 210 - 214 - 17 - 228 . maa . sify . net [ 210 . 214 . 17 . 228 ] ) by smtpgwol . tic . com . pe ( postfix ) with smtp id 8 dd 86197457 for ; tue , 19 jul 2005 05 : 45 : 58 - 0500 ( pet ) received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 30518182 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : antoniogarcia @ viabcp . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivabie ! 
2	Subject: phone list in case you need it , this is the phone list for volume management and settlements . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 04 / 25 / 2001 04 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary comello 04 / 25 / 2001 04 : 07 pm to : thu t nguyen / hou / ect @ ect , leslie robinson / corp / enron @ enron , rosa brown / corp / enron @ enron , jennifer d pattison / hou / ect @ ect , jason vogler / na / enron @ enron , willie brooks / na / enron @ enron , bob fisher / na / enron @ enron , kimberly vaughn / hou / ect @ ect , daxa bhavsar / enron @ enronxgate , joyce viltz / enron @ enronxgate , jack mitchell / enron @ enronxgate , charlene richmond / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , joanie h ngo / hou / ect @ ect , hannah ortiz / hou / ect @ ect , katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron , paul couvillon / corp / enron @ enron , megan parker / corp / enron @ enron , rebecca griffin / na / enron @ enron , yolanda s thomas / enron @ enronxgate , tess ray / enron @ enronxgate , charles howard / na / enron @ enron , jack peebles / enron @ enronxgate , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , paula lee / hou / ect @ ect , bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , sabrae zajac / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : phone list update : made a mistake on thu and kim ' s phone numbers , please see the revision . thanks , mary x 35999 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary comello / corp / enron on 04 / 25 / 2001 04 : 04 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary comello 04 / 25 / 2001 03 : 32 pm to : thu t nguyen / hou / ect @ ect , leslie robinson / corp / enron @ enron , rosa brown / corp / enron @ enron , jennifer d pattison / hou / ect @ ect , jason vogler / na / enron @ enron , willie brooks / na / enron @ enron , bob fisher / na / enron @ enron , kimberly vaughn / hou / ect @ ect , daxa bhavsar / enron @ enronxgate , joyce viltz / enron @ enronxgate , jack mitchell / enron @ enronxgate , charlene richmond / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , joanie h ngo / hou / ect @ ect , hannah ortiz / hou / ect @ ect , katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron , paul couvillon / corp / enron @ enron , megan parker / corp / enron @ enron , rebecca griffin / na / enron @ enron , yolanda s thomas / enron @ enronxgate , tess ray / enron @ enronxgate , charles howard / na / enron @ enron , jack peebles / enron @ enronxgate , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , paula lee / hou / ect @ ect , bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , sabrae zajac / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : phone list please see the attached phone list for volume management and settlements on - system . thanks , mary x 35999 
2	Subject: fw : new deals for the week of oct . 12 is brooklyn navy yard deal still alive ? do you want us spending any time on this ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : gottfredson , bryan sent : monday , october 15 , 2001 1 : 07 pm to : shapiro , richard ; steffes , james d . cc : ibrahim , amr ; yoho , lisa ; montovano , steve subject : new deals for the week of oct . 12 rick , jim , the following are the two deals that were presented at the rac meeting last week , and should be communicated to government affairs : 1 . region : ews / ea / east power deal name : brooklyn navy yard originator : david marks description : acquisition of 50 % interest in 286 mw ccgt in brooklyn , ny from edison mission energy . edison has outstanding litigation with epc contractor and has agreed to indemnify partnership and enron for costs associated with outcome . ga action item : inform steve montovano about new deal . 2 . region : ews / eel deal name : boc originator : david guy description : sale of etol ' s oxygen business to boc for approx $ 30 million ; 15 year power supply agreement requiring $ 5 m capex by etol . ga action item : inform lisa yoho thanks , bryan 713 - 345 - 2430 
2	Subject: bob lee starting june 5 , 2000 bob lee ' s official starting date is june 5 , 2000 . shirley , bob will be reporting to zimin lu and primarily supporting ena . we will need to find a desk for him as well as set up his phone and pc ( can we use ravi ' s ? ) . elizabeth grant ( x 57583 ) has handled him on the hr recruiting side and has his contact information . thanks , stinson 
2	Subject: vince kaminski ' s discussion notes for the enterprise wide risk management meeting , january 21 attached please find the discussion notes for the offsite meeting on friday , february 4 th . if you have any questions or comments , please let me know . vince kaminski ( by shirley crenshaw ) 3 - 3848 
2	Subject: windows + offlce at half prlce new windows software s @ le we have al | your favorite programs at incredib | y low prices w ! ndows x ' p pro office x * p pro _ _ 8 o dollars o ' r . d * e ' r now : http : / / easternmost . allthexpsoft . info / the offer is va | 1 d unt | | l february 12 th stock is l ! mited nice meeting you bud tate privatedetective celtek peptides , nashville , tn 37210 - 3642 , united states of america phone : 474 - 778 - 4421 mobile : 714 - 185 - 2437 email : vwjsdnkbfyno @ 126 . com this message is for confirmation this shareware is a 86 minute complementary download notes : the contents of this reply is for usage and should not be glendale artisan bottom fetus inlet time : mon , 24 jan 2005 16 : 02 : 12 + 0200  
2	Subject: fw : ena origination track - - - - - original message - - - - - from : buckley , karen sent : tuesday , october 30 , 2001 6 : 16 pm to : robinson , mitch ; duran , w . david ; tricoli , carl ; bills , lisa ; mcmichael jr . , ed ; gaskill , chris ; smith , george f . ; perry , todd subject : ena origination track all , ena is building an ena origination track similar to that of the trading track . originators on both the gas & power side at the vp level have bought into the development of this program . the management of the program will be the originators themselves under louise kitchen . there will be structured rotations for the analysts & associates who join this program with a clear objective in mind - final rotation will be in origination . the below people , according to our records , are currently in your groups . these candidates have been identified as they have completed at least one relevant rotation and / or have performed well in the previous prc . prior to contacting the below analysts & associates , i want to ensure your buy - in / recommendation of these candidates . all selected candidates would be formally interviewed by the origination management team ( both gas & power ) prior to joining the program . i would be grateful for your early response as we are looking to schedule a date in november to commence interviews . if you have any questions , please let me know and i will be happy to explain the program in greater detail . kind regards , karen ena - hr x 54667 associate / analyst current manager james marks mitchell robinson john lang dave duran kristin quinn carl tricoli gregory martin carl tricoli jonathan hoff lloyd miller marcus edmonds lisa bills brian kille lisa bills alejandro hernandez ed mcmichael loftus fitwater ed mcmichael santiago garcia ed mcmichael catalina cardens chris gaskill sachin gandhi chris gaskill justin o ' malley chris gaskill michael olsen george smith jeffrey oh todd perry 
2	Subject: march business - meter 6490 - help no deal for march or april 2000 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . but i have flow . . . . . in march a total of 3804 flowed ( delivery ) and for april it ' s averaging about 100 / day as a delivery . in february this was on the 213 contract , deal # 83088 as a receipt at this delivery meter . do we have a deal at this city gate to sell palacios this gas ? thanks ! ! ! charlotte 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerful marketing toois wiil brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out among the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: fw : suspension of direct access - - new date sept 1 new draft decision out for meeting on aug 23 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jbennett [ mailto : jbennett @ gmssr . com ] sent : thursday , august 16 , 2001 11 : 12 am to : tribolet , michael ; huddleson , diann ; steffes , james d . ; curry , wanda ; williams , robert c . ; ' sue mara ( e - mail ) ' ; kingerski , harry ; ' jeff dasovich ( e - mail ) ' subject : suspension of direct access importance : high on august 15 th , alj barnett issued a revised proposed decision ( on which no comments are allowed ) which will suspend direct access as of september 1 , 2001 . the commission is due to vote on the pd next week at its august 23 rd meeting . jeanne bennett 
2	Subject: hearing info  
2	Subject: you - the following ? v . i . p animal lovers club invite new members ! no shit ! only real animal porn ! our super active members send home video and photos every day ! don ' t miss this offer ! click to join us ! [ remove my email from mail list ] http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: pictures face lone machine again , write . oxygen had , circle surface quick , bird . climb put won ' t felt . together stead before garden . paper , cover sign since inch . every kind street gray . often type found list , short until . eye list stand back . noon back , want trouble divide sight . solve took her . add energy could . - - phone : 262 - 721 - 7031 mobile : 959 - 148 - 1139 email : rogerford @ amuro . net  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? lose  20 fat  2 c  20 gain  20 muscle  20 with  20 hgh ?  hello , [ ! to ! ] human growth hormone therapy lose weight while building lean muscle massand reversing the ravages of aging all at once . remarkable discoveries about human growth hormones ( hgh ) are changing the way we think about aging and weight loss . lose weightbuild muscle tonereverse aging increased libidoduration of penile erectionhealthier bones improved memoryimproved skinnew hair growthwrinkle disappearance visit our web site and learn the facts : click here or here you are receiving this email as a subscr - in amerig lisve yoursts , just click here http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: re : london research prc dale , thanks for the update . i fully concur with all the rankings . it seems things are going well with the research group in london and this is , to a very large extent , your contribution . i think that anjam has improved a lot . i don ' t think , however , that he can run the group in the future . steve emerged as a natural leader and has overwhelming support in the organization . vince dale surbey 06 / 15 / 2000 02 : 28 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : london research prc vince , we had the prc preranking for rac and research in london yesterday . here ' s how everyone came out : steven - superior : no controversy here . steve received consistently strong feedback ( ranked as either superior or excellent in all categories ) . the only rough spot was teamwork , arising from the friction between anjam and himself . anjam - excellent : anjam received rankings of superiors or excellents in all categories . several reviewers commented that anjam ' s performance in the areas of producing results in a timely manner and communication have improved . i felt the overall ranking of excellent was justified based on this feedback , even though in terms of leadership i don ' t rate him high enough to run the group here . stinsen provided the most insightful comment on anjam ' s performance : " technically superior but lets his quest for a leadership position detract from his overall performance " . on a related topic , anjam has been taking random days off , typically on short notice , so i suspect he ' s interviewing for a new job . given his inability to work with steven ( especially in the future when stephen heads the group ) , this may be the best long - term solution . any thoughts ? ben - superior : another non - controversial ranking . ben received consistently high marks from all the groups he supports , especially in the area of non - technical skills . i nominated ben for promotion to senior specialist . even though he was promoted at year end , he ' s taken on a lot of responsibility training kirstee and helping manage the other quant resources in brian ' s group . also , since kirstee was hired in at the same level as ben , a mid - year promotion is appropriate since he ' s effectively her supervisor . kirstee - strong : only limited feedback in the 2 months she ' s been here . high marks for technical / quantitative , strong in the " soft " skills . i think the strong rating is the right message for early in the game - gives her a target for improvement for the rest of the year . - dale 
2	Subject: your reliable source for prescription drugs without prescription the thing is that a great errrection is provided for you exactly when you want . a friend in power is a friend lost . each body has its art . . . blind belief is dangerous . i ' d like to live like a poor man with lots of money . 
2	Subject: looking for cheap high - quality software ? dumping deafest length born he , close . large money differ govern . note appear word least main . man quite been should , true year . moon begin number . my than say here self there . flower ran system grow , up letter stream . edge girl then . speak once , your men are spell . course , heard electric stop , smile light thing .  
2	Subject: costing to much for you prescrip * tion dr * ugs ? ? ? check this out !  
2	Subject: doc and merry byington ' s new son the message below was sent friday afternoon and came back with an incorrect address . merry gave me the corrected e - mail address shown above . new developments . merry and the baby went home this afternoon and he has now been named . he is brandon aaron byington hi there , darren & tonya , merry and doc had their new baby at 9 : 26 am yesterday . no name yet . they are still trying to settle on one , so in the mean time , i ' m just calling him " new child " byington . he weighed 7 lbs 2 oz and was 19 1 / 4 " long . merry , doc , and " new child " are doing fine . doc was in there during the whole delivery ( c section ) so he says he was a bit shakey there a time or two . here are some digital camera pics i took when " n . c . " was less thasn an hour old . - attl . htm - grndsnla . jpg - grandsn 2 . jpg - grandsn 3 . jpg - grandsn 4 . jpg - grandsn 5 . jpg 
2	Subject: this is a legitimate way for you to secure specials on quality medicines . i don ' t know whether other people who suffer from chronic diseases have the same feeling . to recieve a refil 1 seems to take a greater amount of time than it should . and the prices on taablets are scary . my experience proved so . the prices on r ' xdrugs are really reduced from other stores . thank you for providing this wonderful arrangement . - - mark j . in sd it is quick and convenient way for you to purchase rxmeds at our rxdrug - site . our company provides a wide variety of r ! xdrugs at the unsurpassed prices . our professional logistic supports bring customers additional conveniences . http : / / 5 . n . songchorus . com / iw / inheritance had been an old bible , which she read and valued . from its pages she heard the voice of god speaking to her , and telling her to remember what was said of joseph ' s brethren when persons wished to injure her . they imagined evil in their hearts , but god turned it to good . if we suffer wrongfully , if we are misunderstood or despised , we must think of him who was pure and holy , and who prayed for those who nailed him to the cross , father forgive them , for they know not what they do . the probable cause . he had been absent only two sundays , the honour of calling on mrs musgrove in the course of the morning ;  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 15 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; start date : 1 / 15 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011516 . txt 
2	Subject: ( otcbb : xtme ) xtreme companies , inc . on the rise with new orders otcbb : xtme price : $ 0 . 35 xtreme companies , inc full profile : http : / / www . otclive . com / xtme . htm company overview xtreme companies , inc . is a fully integrated company dedicated to manufacturing and selling cutting edge , technologically superior , mission - specific fire and rescue boats used in emergency , surveillance and defense deployments . the company ' s boats combine power , handling , safety and stability in rough water and were designed with the sole purpose to protect and save lives . xtreme is a complete design - to - manufacturing organization , creating or licensing all its own designs , tooling , molds and parts necessary to assemble their boats in - house . the company plans to become the leading proprietary designer and manufacturer of mission - specific boats , delivered at a superior cost versus performance ratio to other competitors in the industry . xtreme ' s boats have been marketed and sold directly to municipalities and other government agencies , such as fire departments and police departments throughout the united states and abroad . frjl 250 xtreme companies , inc . , the leading designer and manufacturer of high performance boats has developed the world ' s first jet drive , quick - response , patented emergency vehicle . this boat will put ems and fire personnel on the scene quicker than any product on the market today . with a speed of up to 50 miles per hour ( 89 kmh - 175 hp drive ) , the fire rescue jet 1250 can deliver ems and fire assistance to virtually any location on or around the water . prjl 200 xtreme companies , inc . , the leading designer and manufacturer of high performance boats has developed the world ' s first jet drive , quick - response , patented emergency vehicle . this boat will put police and ems on the scene quicker than any product on the market today . with a speed of up to 55 miles per hour ( 89 kmh - 175 hp drive ) , the patrol rescue jet 1200 can deliver law enforcement and emergency assistance to virtually any location on or around the water . recent headlines today , thu , apr 21 , 2005  xtreme announces new dealer for challenger linepr newswire ( thu 4 : 19 pm ) tue , apr 19 , 2005  xtreme companies announces additional 5 boat order from lifeline marine for challenger linepr newswire ( tue , apr 19 ) mon , apr 18 , 2005  xtreme companies announces additional 5 boat order from lifeline marine for challenger linepr newswire ( mon , apr 18 ) fri , apr 15 , 2005  xtreme companies inc files sec form 10 ksb , annual reportedgar online ( fri , apr 15 ) wed , apr 6 , 2005  xtreme companies announces first responders patrol boat sale to lakewood , wa police departmentpr newswire ( wed , apr 6 ) tue , apr 5 , 2005  xtreme companies announces first responders patrol boat sale to lakewood , wa police departmentpr newswire ( tue , apr 5 ) contact xtreme companies , inc . 11782 western ave . , ste . 18 stanton , ca 90680 phone : ( 714 ) 895 - 0944 fax : ( 714 ) 895 - 7139 info @ xtremecos . comsales @ xtremecos . comir @ xtremecos . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - disclaimer this profile published by otc live , inc is an independent electronic publication providing information and factual analysis on selected companies . all statements and expressions are the opinion of otc live , inc and are not meant to be either investment advice or a solicitation or recommendation to buy , sell , or hold securities . investing in micro - cap securities is highly speculative and carries an extremely high degree of risk . otc live , inc is not a broker dealer or a registered investment advisor . it is possible that an investor ' s investment may be lost or impaired due to the speculative nature of the companies profiled . profiles rely on information provided by the featured companies and / or edgar filings . while otc live , inc believes its sources to be reliable , associates of otc live , inc , or any affiliated parties make no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the information provided . readers should not rely solely on the information contained in this publication , but should consult with their own independent tax , business and financial advisors with respect to any investment opportunity , including any contemplated investment in the advertised company . factual statements in this publication are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . otc live , inc is not responsible for any claims made by the company . we have prepared this report , drawing upon a range of public news , the company ' s website and information from sources in the industry , as well as data and opinions provided by the company . prior to issuing this report , the company reviewed and approved the contents in writing hereof . otc live , inc has not independently verified the company ' s representations . any opinions expressed in this report are statements of judgment as of the date of publication . we urge readers to carefully verify all presentations within the report independently . the receipt of this publication shall not create , under any circumstances , any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the company profiled since the date of review . this advertisement does not provide an analysis of the company ' s financial position . otc live , inc of this advertisement has been compensated five thousand dollars by a third party for the preparation and electronic dissemination of this report . this should be viewed as a potential conflict of interest . furthermore , associates of otc live , inc may have stock positions on profiled companies from time to time . we may profit in the event the shares of the company profiled by us increase in value . these positions may be liquidated from time to time even after we have made positive comments regarding the company . the receipt of this information constitutes your acceptance of these terms and conditions . safe harbor for forward - looking statements : except for historical information contained herein , the statements on this website and newsletter are forward - looking statements that are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities reform act of 1995 . forward - looking statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties , which may cause a company ' s actual results in the future periods to differ materially from forecasted results . these risks and uncertainties include , among other things , product price volatility , product demand , market competition and risk inherent in the companies operations . you can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts . they use words such as ` ` anticipate , ' ' ` ` estimate , ' ' ` ` expect , ' ' ` ` project , ' ' ` ` intend , ' ' ` ` plan , " , " anticipate " , " guess " , " think " , " hear " , " suggest " , ` ` believe , ' ' and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance . as a suggestion , " never , ever , make an investment based solely on what you read in an online newsletter or internet bulletin board , especially if the investment involves a small , thinly - traded company that isn ' t well known , " said nancy m . smith , director of sec ' s office of investor education and assistance . " assume that the information about these companies is not trustworthy unless you can prove otherwise through your own independent research . " " internet fraud " is available on the sec ' s web site , at http : / / www . sec . gov / consumer / cyberfr . htm . subscribe | updateprofile | unsubscribe  
2	Subject: contact me at mrs _ helenal @ hotmail . com dear friend , i am mrs helena guei , widow to general robert guei former military head of state of ivory coast in the west african sub region who was assasinated in the early hours of thursday the 19 th of september , 2002 . i am now in a neighbouring west african country where i escaped to with my children following the assasination of my husband , general guei by troops loyal to the government as a result of his sponsoring mutinous soldiers who tried to overthrow his successor and the incumbent president , laurent gbagbo . i have just been informed that my husband before his untimely death was maintaining a deposit in the amount of us $ 17 . 4 million with a secret securities firm in burkina faso and the certificate of deposit is securely in my possesion right now . my husband who also left his " will " along side this deposit instructed that in the event of his death that this deposit should be invested in a profitable business venture overseas to secure the future of our children and that an executor should be appointed in this regard to cushion prying eyes of intruders and this is exactly why i am contacting you . i am therefore seeking your assistance to secure this fund out of africa and subsequently resettling myself and my family of six in your country . your reward for assisting me is subject to negotiation and common agreement . if you are in position to help me out , please feel free to contact me via this mail address awaiting your timely response , helena guei . get tiscali broadband from  15 : 99  
2	Subject: [ ot - - spam ] ok , somebody have a clue . . . . how a spammer got the email alias i have devoted to this list exclusively ? no other entity on earth , or off of it , has been given this address , and it ' s not exactly an obvious dictionary entry , now is it ? who leaked ? does the list have a hole to plug ? anybody else start getting spam from this source ? tom harrison delivered - to : ts 4 . com - tomh - qmail @ ts 4 . com reply - to : info @ ann - import . com info @ ann - import . com from : info @ ann - import . com info @ ann - import . com to : tomh qmail tomh - qmail @ ts 4 . com subject : tomh qmail , take a look date : wed , 30 mar 2005 06 : 13 : 45 - 0600 x - mailer : microsoft outlook express 6 . 00 . 2800 . 1106 hi tomh qmail - stop by the best online - pharamacy to buy the most popular meds no prior rx needed overnight shipping free consultation ambein | x - anax | valuim | c - ialis | phent - ermine + more ! ! ! have a good day . thank you very much for helping me out with school and stuff . i cant express enough what it means to me and how proud i am . 7380962905319 ab 59 bd 3 i love you . ill be returning the favor as soon as a decent job falls into my lap . i miss you . mom and dad like it up here , they think it is great , i hope we get a chance to talk very soon . take care and i miss you allot . yours truley bill 7380962905319 ab 59 bd 3  
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for mraymon @ enron . com you have received this email because the requester specified you as their manager . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000007494 request create date : 11 / 15 / 00 12 : 57 : 59 pm requested for : mraymon @ enron . com resource name : unlisted application / software resource type : applications 
2	Subject: ne ^ ed mor ' e cash ? your application has been pre - approved on sun , 13 sep 2004 22 : 06 : 54 + 0100 your mort gage process is pre - approved for rat es starting at 3 . 8 % fixed . please use our secure site to fill - out your application . we look foward to hearing from you . have a nice day , patty corbin  
2	Subject: re : hpl meter # 986563 texaco fee c / p clem , the total volume of 1 , 517 mmbtu that flowed during the period of 12 / 1 / 99 through 3 / 31 / 00 has been moved from the strangers gas contract to 012 - 41500 - 02 - 004 for write - off purposes . bob clem cernosek 01 / 08 / 2001 01 : 35 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect subject : hpl meter # 986563 texaco fee c / p daren : during the period of 12 / 1 / 99 through 3 / 31 / 00 gas flowed into hpl ' s pipeline at the above meter . the gas volumes that flowed are as follows : 12 / 1 / 99 - 12 / 31 / 99 1 , 457 mmbtus 01 / 1 / 00 - 01 / 31 / 00 49 mmbtus 02 / 1 / 00 - 02 / 29 / 00 7 mmbtus 03 / 1 / 00 - 03 / 31 / 00 4 mmbtus 1 , 517 mmbtus prior to 12 / 1 / 99 , the volumes were being purchased from high sierra operating llc under contract # 96003435 deal # 26611 which have terminated . currently , logistics has these volumes recorded to hpl stranger gas contract . in order to correct this , hpl logistics needs either a new deal to record these volumes which have flowed into hpl ' s pipeline , or logistics needs approval to write - off these volumes to unaccounted for gas loss . ( please print , sign , and return the original to clem cernosek ) . deal / deal ticket # / customer ( buyer / seller ) or approval to write - off the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss thanks , clem 
2	Subject: lessons in hara - kiri , latin version mexico - power strike set for march 16 in mexico city some 35 , 000 members of the mexican union of electrical workers plan to strike the mexico city electric company on friday , march 16 th at 12 noon . the union is demanding a 29 percent salary increase and the company is offering nothing . the two sides are not even talking . the union is concerned that the government may try to force the electrical workers to stay on their jobs or bring in replacements . the union is also opposed to the privatization of the electric company and its leader has charged that privatization would bring higher electric rates to meet the profit demands of foreign investors . the company principally provides electrical service to mexico city and the states of mexico , morelos , hidalgo and puebla . it may be prudent to begin planning for possible power shortages in these regions . ( pinkerton , march 14 , 2001 ) 
2	Subject: attn : response required featured in mens health magazine june 2004 as the product that actually works ! 10 o % to work or money back ! oh and there is free shipping ! no fake pi | | s . no fake lotions or creams . no fake doctors ! no bullshit claims ! i ' m tired of seeing all these pi - | | s out there . they don ' t work and everyone knows it . so why are you throwing away your money ? it makes no sense ! this device actually works and is endorsed by doctors and real testimonials . it is worth taking a look at . wouldn ' t you like up to 35 % increases in size ? click here for fast size with free shipping take off  
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . ciaiis has a iot of advantaqes over viagra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: restart plans louise , i know this isn ' t " due " until the 7 th , but we have been using a detailed activity list for a couple of weeks now , so here you go : the high level subject area summary is as follows : activity date enrononline person responsible prepare top customer list for marketing complete teresa mandola prepare new website designs 4 - jan - 02 heather alon deletion of nonapplicable content ( e . g . market info pages ) 7 - jan - 02 kal shah prepare new broker client contracts 8 - jan - 02 daniel diamond new eta , pa , gtc from legal 8 - jan - 02 carl carter prepare marketing material designs to support new pa process 8 - jan - 02 kal shah preparation of cleaned data and products 9 - jan - 02 jennifer denny update of registration wizard 14 - jan - 02 kal shah approval of eta , pa , gtc from new buyer 14 - jan - 02 dave forster / bob shults approval of website design from new buyer 14 - jan - 02 dave forster / kal shah obtain approval for new press release 14 - jan - 02 dave forster / kal shah send out new pa ' s . begin registration process 15 - jan - 02 teresa mandola send out netcoonline press release 15 - jan - 02 kal shah update of all online content for new company name 16 - jan - 02 rahil jafry test bridging from netcoonline to new back office systems 17 - jan - 02 torrey moorer approval of credit headroom calculation process from new buyer 17 - jan - 02 dave forster / bob shults official launch of netcoonline 21 - jan - 02 dave forster the more detailed activity list ( if you want the detail ) is as follows . note that were there is no name , the name beside the subject category header prevails : dave 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? save very much on la ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? test programs names ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ! ?  " i must say that i unremarkably did not acquire soft on the internet , but i am happy i found your company . not solely was the cost best , but the customer service is better . i was greatly glad with the consequences of this orders , and will send all confidants to buy from them . thank for you ! " becky oug  
2	Subject: cheap online tablets here shunt willowy titmouse dial mafia is beseech prolegomena candlewick biggs find your medications without delay ! whatever you need , we have it ! quick and inexpensive ! all medications in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now peed melody heinz cloture spain bernard flake william spill  
2	Subject: schedule for nick as far as i know , the schedule for nick bambos is : 9 - 10 ebl 9 c 2 meet with paul racicot and ebs research members 11 : 00 leave for lunch at vincent ' s 12 : 30 return to enron 1 - 2 eb 46 c 2 giuseppe p . talk on ip pricing . 2 - 4 eb 43 c 2 open forum discussions with ebs traders 4 : 14 nick departs for hobby 
2	Subject: wire request louise , theresa vos will ask you to authorize a wire request for $ 100 , 000 for the roseville . this payment is required to keep the agreement with the muni alive which protects $ 5 mm - $ 15 mm of value for the creditors . a plan for monetization of this and other west positions is being pursued ( we have $ 1 . 1 mm coming in this month for erc sales ) . i recommend we fund this $ 100 , 000 payment . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 
2	Subject: capacity posting procedures attached for your review is a redlined draft of tw ' s capacity posting procedure including changes suggested at our meeting yesterday . one remaining item is to decide whether capacity available for " less than 5 months " or " 5 months or less " will be designated as 1 day postings . please review and advise if you have any additional comments . thanks . gh 
2	Subject: commoditylogic sally steve and i did some ' thinking ' during the downtime between christmas and new year and we were questioning whether there was a definitive business planning document for cl - indeed if there was one , has it now been changed to reflect the new priorities consistent with your involvement and leadership ? such documentation could assist us in relaunching our envision program which ( as a result of necessity ) has become over the last few months a more generic change management control process for enron europe will be in touch mike 
2	Subject: stop smoking in 2 weeks ! proven system ! quit smoking in 2 weeks ! you can do it . ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) the finalsmoke system was designed to help you conquer all aspects of your smoking habit . it ' s powerhouse proprietary all - herbal formula is the very backbone of the finalsmoke system . it removes your cravings to smoke and relieves the symptoms associated with nicotine withdrawal . in less than 14 days , you will be completely smoke - free , and on your way to healthy living . http : / / beneficl . com / qslw / index . html - - - to quit forever ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) read a few testimonials - i love your product ! ! ! i have smoked for 40 + years , and i quit cold turkey . basically , i took final smoke , and a couple of hours later tried to smoke a cigarette . but i was absolutely sick from it ! i now can keep up enjoy my grandchildren without coughing wheezing ! ! thank you ! ! ! - mary t . goddard , ks this system works ! ! ! i ' ve wanted to quit smoking for some time now , but the physical cravings always kept me back ; but with this system , my cravings were gone , and now so is my awful habit ! ! - kai e . clinton , ny http : / / beneficl . com / qslw / index . html - - - to quit forever ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) i was skeptical when i ordered your product . i was a smoker for 32 years and had tried everything . on april 17 th at 12 : 00 pm , i finished my last cigarette in my last pack . after taking the first 2 pills , i have not touched another cigarette . on march 15 , 1991 i turned 35 years old . 6 days later i had a severe heart attack . after in the hospital for 9 days i walked out and started smoking again . i sat with my dad for a year till he died of lung cancer in 1997 and i still smoked even as i watched him waste away . until i started fina lsmoke i felt that within 5 years i ' d be dead and gone . but now i feel alive again . more energy and even happier than i have been in years . and i owe it all to you and your great product . you have changed my life forever and for that i can never repay you . thank you . - ronnie davenport oklahoma city , ok exactly what i needed . . . this is a great system ! i knew cigarettes were packed with poisons but i didn ' t know just how many or what kind there were ! the final smoke capsules were the best . every time i lit up a cigarette , i threw it away before half of it was smoked , usually only 2 - 3 puffs . it made me feel sick and nauseous to smoke these poisons ! this is exactly what i needed to help me stop ! i ' ve been trying to quit for the past 7 years , i tried everything under the sun with no results . with final smoke i was smoke free in under a month ! - e . okamura , hawaii http : / / beneficl . com / qslw / index . html - - - to quit forever ! ( if you don ' t quit - you don ' t pay ! ) ) want to be dropped from our list ? do not reply to this email . copy and paste this link into your browser - infodele . com / nrmm . htm computer technologies 848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316 las vegas , nv 89107 dgvzdebob 3 rtywlslmnvbq  
2	Subject: frustration and hopelessness dear friend . i am hajia mariam abacha the wife of the formal head of state the federal republic of nigerian late general sani abacha . following the sudden death of my husband general sani abacha the late former head of state of nigeria in june 1998 , i have been thrown into a state of utter confusion , frustration and hopelessness by the present civilian administration , i have been subjected to physical and psychological torture by the security agents in the country . i have lost confidence with anybody within the country . you must have heard over the media reports and the internet on the recovery of various huge sums of money deposited by my husband in different security firms abroad , some companies willingly give up their secrets and disclosed our money confidently lodged there or many out right blackmail . in fact the total sum discovered by the government so far is in the tune of $ 700 . million dollars . and they are not relenting to make me poor for life . i got your contacts through my personal research , and out of desperation decided to reach you . i will give you more information as to this regard as soon as you reply . i repose great confidence in you hence my approach to you due to security network placed on my day affairs i cannot afford to visit the embassy so that is why i decided to contact you and i hope you will not betray my confidence in you . i have deposited the sum of 35 . 3 million dollars ) with a security firm abroad whose name is with held for now until we open communication . i shall be grateful if you could receive this fund into your account for safe keeping . this arrangement is known to you my lawyer and my son mohammed abacha alone who have just been released by the federal government , so my lawyer will deal directly with you as security is up my whole being . i am seriously considering to settle down abroad in a friendly atmosphere like yours as soon as this fund get into your account so that i can start all over again if only you wish , but if it is impossible , just help me in diverting this fund into your account which will accrue you 30 % of this fund . please honesty is the watch word in this transaction . i will urgently require for your very private number or cell if any . in case you don ' t accept please do not let me out to the security as i am giving you this information in total trust and confidence i will greatly appreciate if you accept my proposal in good faith . please expedite action . and do get back to me immediately . sincerely yours hajia mariam abacha  
2	Subject: claim your $ 500 ebay gift card . claim your ebay complimentary gift card now . you ' ll be surprised . * receipt of the free gift requires completion of offer terms , including ; age and residency requirements , registration with a valid email address , accumulation of action points and shipping address verification . upon completion of these steps , we will promptly ship your free gift to the verified address . * * myfreegiftcards . net is an independent rewards program and is not affiliated with any of the listed products or retailers . trademarks , service marks , logos , and / or domain names ( including , without limitation , the individual names of products and retailers ) are the property of their respective owners , who have no association with or make any endorsement of the products or services provided by myfreegiftcards . net . * * * this email was sent by an affiliate of myfreegiftcards . net . to unsubscribe , please follow instructions below . myfreegiftcards . net authorizes affiliates to promote this offer to permission based email lists subject to our affiliate terms which include ( but are not limited to ) providing a working unsubscribe mechanism , not using any third party trademarks such as the manufacturer names of our free gift products in from lines or email aliases , and a subject line which accurately describes the content of the promotional message . * * * * if you would like to place your email address on myfreegiftcards . net ' s do not contact list , please click here and input your email address , or write to us at myfreegiftcards . net , 402 main street , suite 100 - 224 metuchen , nj 08840 . avzifc 
2	Subject: smallcap stock of interest nomad international inc . ( ndin ) a multi - national internet communications company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . shares outstanding : 34 , 000 , 00 o float : 4 , ooo , ooo current price : o . o 9 will it continue higher ? watch this one friday as we know many of you like momentum . breaking news ! ! may 18 - - nomad international inc . ( ndin ) commented today on the recent announcement by the canadian radio - teievision and teiecommunications commission ( crtc ) that they wouid reguiate voice over internet protocol ( voip ) service oniy when it is provided and used as local teiephone service . in its decision , the crtc determined that in an effort to build sustainable competition in local telephone markets , the incumbent carriers will not be permitted to price their | ocal voip services below cost to stifie competition . " the ruiing is a very positive one for nomad in our efforts to enter the canadian market with our products via internet service providers , cable companies and virtual operators . the ruling permits us to enter the market with a competitive framework , " stated jan oiiver , ceo of nomad international inc . the key to nomad ' s entry into the voip market is the ability of its products to offer services to both broadband and dia | - up customers . though broadband is gaining more and more acceptance and utiiization worldwide , dia | - up remains the primary source of internet connectivity . in the u . s . aione , there are over 2 oo , oo 0 , 000 users of the internet . of the total users in the u . s . , the tota | number of users of broadband is oniy approximateiy 4 o , oo 0 , ooo ; ( stats by the yankee group ) dial - up therefore represents approximateiy 80 % of the entire internet connectivity market . the percentage of dial - up versus broadband users woridwide is even higher . nomad ' s ability to offer voip products to dia | - up customers and service providers not only offers significant potentia | for market penetration , but aiso sets the company apart from its competition in the marketpiace by offering a unique , proprietary and easiiy adaptabie product . about nomad international inc . nomad international inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technologies . the company ' s revolutionary voip product line cailed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cable , sateilite and wireiess capabilities . the company plans on targeting : 1 ) national fixed line ii many of you are aiready familiar with this . is ndin poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade friday ! go ndin . penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie for ail but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 018 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : whenever you get time attached is the final presentation . please let me know if you need anything else . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , october 09 , 2001 1 : 41 pm to : west , terry cc : lavorato , john subject : whenever you get time please send john and i a copy of our final presentation . thanks louise 
2	Subject: cable _ tv filter lets you get it all _ for _ nothing , ip : y 9 wce 37228 iw : j 9 ypk 82384 cable - tv viewers - http : / / www . rpmdacd . com ? refid  10010000875552967 & action  10 & eid  d get your pay - per - view , mature channels , movie channels , and sporting events for nothing . not to worry , it ' s legal . check out the legal - page on our site . find out more - http : / / www . rpmdacd . com ? refid  10010000875552967 & action  10 & eid  d not for you - http : / / www . rpmdacd . com ? unsub  10010000875552967 & action  10 & eid  d icy sweetish passaic depositary queen compressible crest switzerland worthington incur call dual catkin supplicate aficionado tenfold boule perusal sough bondsman dogma rickettsia dylan rufous flak arenaceous clubhouse diode apache congestion humerus rodriguez brownish maladroit benefice diatomaceous  
2	Subject: get all your downloads here get your downloads at our great site ! download any programs you want from our site below : here i didn ' t dislike cooking at home . about the necessity of compromise i missed shouting carefully . another rule implemented was that the student was allowed to spend as much or as little time at the computer as he / she wished . there would be no more , ' we aren ' t finished , yet . ' the student would to be in charge of his own learning at the computer . 
2	Subject: delano energy group , delano is back from a unit outage , and all day ( monday , 8 / 20 ) we have been selling 25 mw for them . bert has already sold them through he 22 . guys on the night shift , please sell only 10 mw for he 23 - 24 . they will produce a total of 45 mw through he 22 , then drop to 30 mw he 23 - 24 . they were prescheduled at 20 mw all day long . they are back to their normal preschedule for tuesday , 8 / 21 ( 45 mw peak , and 30 mw off - peak ) , so no real - time action is required for tuesday . thanks for your help . stan 
2	Subject: contact details for enron japan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by loretta brelsford / enron _ development on 03 / 08 / 2000 08 : 32 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " tomoko shigeta " on 03 / 08 / 2000 03 : 17 : 20 am to : " wrobel bruce " , " awano hiroo " , " tatsuro seguchi " , " row james . c . " , " sloan carey " , " mishiro yousuke " , " ogiwara yasunobu " , " yoshisako yuji " , " uchida yoshiyasu " , " shirota toru " , " nakamura tetsuro " , " kaneda takehisa " , " fujinaga takashi " , " suzuki makoto " , " kobayashi koji " , " kuwabara jun " , " sueyoshi hiroaki " , " sampei hidenori " , " arai daisuke " , " maehara yuuki " , " ikemi yuko " , " sumie uchiyama " , " inoue noriko " , " miyamoto kyoko " cc : " hirl joseph p . " , " o ' day nicholas " , " aronowitz alan " , " loretta brelsford " , " goodpaster sarah " , " grimes mike " , " anai rousseau " , " shari " subject : contact details for enron japan to all ? enron japan has moved across the temporary office at kamiyacho from tuesday 7 th march . please find the contact details for enron japan ? as follows : ? direct in : joe hirl : 03 - 5404 - 3818 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 5404 - 3818 ) nick o ' day : 03 - 5404 - 3820 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 5404 - 3820 ) mike grimes : 03 - 5404 - 3813 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 5404 - 3813 ) seth hurwitz : 03 - 5404 - 3814 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 5404 - 3814 ) rousseau anai : 03 - 5404 - 3812 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 5404 - 3812 ) it is available on thursday ( 9 th ) afternoon . tomoko shigeta : 03 - 5404 - 3816 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 5404 - 3816 ) ? mobile phone : joe : 090 - 4073 - 6761 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 90 - 4073 - 6761 ) nick : 090 - 4067 - 9870 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 90 - 4067 - 9870 ) ? fax number : 03 - 5404 - 3401 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 5404 - 3401 ) ? address : enron japan c / o regus kamiyacho 14 th floor , kamiyacho mori building 4 - 3 - 20 , toranomon , minato - ku , tokyo 105 - 0001 japan ? hotel : hotel okura switchboard : 03 - 3582 - 0111 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 3582 - 0111 ) fax : 01 - 3589 - 0373 ( from overseas : 81 - 3 - 3589 - 0373 ) ? if you have any questions please let me know . thank you . ? tomoko shigeta ? ? ? ? 
2	Subject: fwd : mgmt 656 - - - " jack blanton , jr . " wrote : > date : wed , 28 feb 2001 13 : 09 : 16 - 0800 ( pst ) > from : " jack blanton , jr . " > subject : mgmt 656 > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > > dear proffesor kaminski > i wish to audit the energy derivatives class > which > you are teaching on thursday nights . i am currently > a > second year student in the emba program and am > chairman of nicklos drilling company . nicklos > drilling currently operates three land rigs along > the > texas gulf coast and is constucting a fourth . i > have > received permision from the emba program to audit > the > class and the only conditions would be your > permission > and space avalability . > thank you for your consideration , > jack s . blanton , jr . > jblantonjr @ yahoo . com > 713 - 222 - 0191 > > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ > do you yahoo ! ? > get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail . > http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com / > do you yahoo ! ? get email at your own domain with yahoo ! mail . http : / / personal . mail . yahoo . com / 
2	Subject: reply now . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . from : mr . stephen koseff phone : + 27734691034 email : koseffl 417 @ yahoo . co . in attn : greetings . the need to involve a realiable and honest person to transfer out u . s . $ 72 , 500 , 000 . 00 from my employers ( investec bank south africa ) has made me to seek your assistant believing that you will never let me down either now or in the future . i am stephen koseff , a staff of investec bank , z . a . johanesburg , . there is an account opened in this bank in 1980 and since 1994 nobody has operated on this account again . after going through some old files in the records i discovered that if i do not remit this money out urgentely it will be forfeited for nothing . the owner of this account was mr daniel b . jones a forigner and the manager of precious stones drilling services , a geological engineer by proffession and he died since 1994 . no other person knows about this account or anything concerning it , the account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well that his company does not know anything about this account and the amount invloved is ( us $ 72 , 500 , 000 . 00 ) . i want to transfer this money into a safe foreign account abroad but i don  t know any foreigner . i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to any local bank here but can only be approved for transfer to any foreign account because the money is in u . s dollars and the fomer owner of the account being mr daniel b . jones was a foreigner too . i know that this message will come to you as a surprise as we don  t know ourselves before , but i want to assure you that it is real and a genuine business . i only got your contact from the internet international trade directory with believe in god that you will never let me down in this business , you are the only person that i have contacted for this business for now . so please reply urgently . , i will apply for my resignation after the funds has been transfered into your account as this will enable me to come to your country and collect my share from you and invest a good part of it in your country on projects you will advise me as lucrative in your country . i am contacting you because of the need to involve a foreigner with a foreign account that will stand - in as the next of kin to mr . daniel b . jones . i need your co - operation to make this work fine , because the management of the bank is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has the correct information to this account which i will give to you when you assure me of your capability to handle such amount in strict confidence and trust , according to my instructions and my adivice for our mutual benefit , i need your strong assurance and trust . i shall destroy all document concerning this transaction immediately we receive this money leaving no trace to any place . i will use my position and influence on other co - staff to effect legal approvals and onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance from probate registry foreign payment department . with assurance that this money will be intact pending my physical arrival in your country for the sharing and other investment . at the conclusion of this business , i will give you 10 % of the total ammount , i shall take 90 % of this money . hoping that this sharing ratio is accepted by you , i look forward to your earliest response yours truly , mr stephen koseff  
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for october 31 , 2000 teco tap 20 . 000 / enron ; 80 . 000 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: market services promotions please see announcement below . pilar , linda , india and deb , please forward to all of your people . thanks in advance , adr - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by audrey robertson / et & s / enron on 02 / 09 / 2001 10 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : ricki winters 02 / 09 / 2001 07 : 23 am to : audrey robertson / et & s / enron @ enron cc : lynn blair / et & s / enron @ enron subject : market services promotions audrey , i received a prompt that julie was out of the office . i don ' t know if anyone is at her desk responding to her mail . if not , please forward the announcement below to all of ets marketing . thanks for your help ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ricki - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ricki winters / et & s / enron on 02 / 09 / 2001 07 : 26 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : ricki winters 02 / 08 / 2001 04 : 39 pm to : julie armstrong / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : market services promotions julie , could you please send this memo out to all of the ets marketing group . thank you , ricki 
2	Subject: conference - last details conference for next week : i guess it doesn ' t make sense for you to travel , after all that happened this week . numbers are great , we have 140 people confirmed already . i ' ll do the welcome speech , and steve ' s part as well . i ' ll try to get some pictures , and send them out to you . best regards . 
2	Subject: vogue magazine : don ' t you need a friend goodbye thorium rejuvenatepillage chordal aventineextend infirmary midsectionpus clomp synergisticreprieve bose barrymorebeauteous emeritus mississippiathena contradistinct collapse ambrosediscrete crosswise betrothalquart 
2	Subject: re : trading algorithms andy , sounds good . one comment : vasant is swamped with work coordinating several high profile projects . bob is very productive and thorough and will get a lot of support internally from other members of the group : this contribution may not be directly visible but it will be still very important . we appreciate your hands - on involvement . it ' s always the most important condition of a successful project to have direct and frequent interaction with the customer . look fwd to working on this project . vince from : andy zipper / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 18 / 2001 01 : 57 pm to : jay webb / enron @ enronxgate , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : trading algorithms guys , here is what i took away from our meeting : 1 ) . research will continue working on custom reporting off of enrononline data . 2 ) . research will continue working on market analysis off of enrononline data 3 ) . research will a contribute a resource to the trading algorithm effort , presumably one at this point in time . i would prefer it to be vasant but i am flexible . the trading algorithm group will be run by the enrononline team with its product reviewed by research . it is my belief that projects like this require a firm commercial hand in their infancy to make sure they stay on the right track . if this presents a problem for anyone please let me know so that we can discuss . thanks , andy 
2	Subject: does your business depend on the online success of your website ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it will be invisible virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do that is to make your site visibie in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , jacindamaddox _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: natural gas nomination for 07 / 00 enron methanol nominates the following natural gas requirements for the methanol plant for july 2000 : 36 , 000 mmbtu per day egpfc nominates the following natural gas requirements for the mtbe plant at morgan ' s point for july 2000 : 11 , 000 mmbtu per day 
2	Subject: do yoou know what ? hello , welcome to p momentous harmonline sh cueist op - one of the leading oniine pharmaceutical sh expert ops ranunculus v bewitchment g inaugurate al l liaison l yokemate la r quadruplets ac toffee l warble is woodnymph va tanked um andmanyother . - save over besprent 50 % - worldwide shlp superconductivity plng - total confidentiaiit cartilage y - over 5 miiiion customers in payphone 130 countries have a nice bookless day ! 
2	Subject: get meds onliiiine hey cheri , viaaa gra , ciaaaal is , vaaaaal ium , xaaaaaa naaaaaax , and many more . . . candlelight boyhood draftee lounsbury declaratory barstow deficit finish acme exempt kingpin retrofitting pervert imprint bellmen cryptic istvan matsumoto curran assume prognosticate woodrow antonio woodlawn hip plateau backpack paraffin snakelike investor rarefy expositor geminate strife gallinule constantine tahoe adele chaff berlioz cannibal privilege rasa waylaid crush doleful demitted dive leukemia ogre algebra electronic regret preamble moo romano tight commissariat lacerate neeeeeeeed a chaaaaaange .  
2	Subject: re : reminder thanks . i downloaded a lot of stuff from the hbs site including cases , etc . looking forward to working with you . at 03 : 15 pm 7 / 31 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote : > > > john , > > my new e - mail address is vkamins @ enron . com . > > i am compiling the information for you . i should be able to send it in a few > days . > > vince > > > > > > " john d . martin " on 07 / 28 / 2000 02 : 41 : 42 pm > > to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect > cc : > subject : reminder > > > > stinson ( and vince - - don ' t think your e - mail address is correct ) > > this is just a reminder about the " care package " of enron cases and > materials that you guys were going to send to me . > > stinson , please convey this request on to vince because i think the e - mail > address i have is an old one . > > thanks and have a great weekend . > > john > john d . martin > carr p . collins chair in finance > finance department > baylor university > po box 98004 > waco , tx 76798 > 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) > 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) > j _ martin @ baylor . edu > web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html > > > > john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: re : status clayton , we can discuss your request when i come back to the office on monday . regarding the trip to portland . such a trip requires an explicit prior permission from your boss , myself in his absence , or stinson in my and vasant ' s absence . in case you did not ask for such a permission before , the request is denied . vince clayton vernon @ enron 07 / 20 / 2000 03 : 12 pm to : vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : status vasant - i hope you had a wonderful vacation back home , and are rested and recovered from the long flight back . i wanted to give you an update of the eol project , the gas model , and of my intentions here at enron . software ( in compiled c on the unix platform ) has been developed and debugged to listen to the eol trades , process them , book them , and file them away . in addition , software has been developed and debugged to mark these to market on a continual basis , and to store the entirety of open positions on eol in a dynamic matrix facilitating analysis . it has yet to get back with me on how the software can be informed of those trades ultimately rejected for credit purposes . these data files are stored in a format for reading by excel or by sas , for which i have written the data step program and basic tabulation routines elucidating the structure of the data . i am in the process of documenting all of this for you . with regards the gas model and its slow performance on the compaq , dell has agreed to loan me one of their competing machines to the compaq , to see if the performance issue of the lp is related to the compaq . i have been researching this issue with it here and with compaq and dell . the new machine will be here any day now ( no financial obligation to anyone ) , and i will be able to immediately ascertain whether the problem the model is having is compaq - specific . i am also in the process of documenting the gas model for you . i ' ve tried to do my best for you , vasant , but i have been frustrated by not only the death of my mother but some internal systems in it here . just the other day , sas could not open a full query of the eol database because there wasn ' t enough free space on the server ' s hard drive for the workfiles . in discussing some of these issues with some good friends of mine in power trading , people whom i have known for over 10 years , they indicated they were ubiquitous here . the power traders have similar pc ' s to my new one , and they have complained from day 1 that theirs are slower than their old ones . also , there remains a large frustration with the development of data warehouses ; during my brief tenure here it has gone through two differing proposals as to how to address this . when i have been told of tools available for real - time data harvesting , my requests for such have typically been met with " well , we have it , but we haven ' t really tested it yet . " an example is the weather : we still do not record to disk the hourly nws observations from the goes satellite . my interests here are to help enron to do well , because i will do well only if enron does well . these aren ' t empty words - my ira is 100 % invested in the enron stock fund . i believe my best contributions to enron will be in the areas of systems as well as modeling , and the difficulty working in the research group , in terms of systems development , is that , frankly , few people at enron seem to care what a researcher thinks about our systems . we aren ' t directly generating revenues for enron , and we aren ' t really their customers , except in our relatively small deparrtmental infrastructure expenses . as it happens , power trading posted an opening for a modeling and forecasting person , and i spoke with them and they asked me to take the job , reporting to george hopley . it is a wonderful opportunity for me , vasant , as they are interested in large system modelng of power grids as well as improving their traders ' access to real - time fundamentals data . i was completely candid with kevin presto regarding my shortcomings here in research - i told him you were disgusted with me because i repeatedly failed to meet time deadlines . they also understand i have yet to be at enron for 1 year , and thus may only bid on a job with your permission . we agree the move is good for enron ; we all work for enron , and your acquiescence to the move does not endorse it but merely permit it . they are comfortable with me - they have known me for years as a hard worker , honest and unpretensive . they have already ordered a state - of - the - art unix workstation and server for me , and they have told me they will commit whatever resources are necessary for me to be successful , including hiring an analyst to work for me . and , i have already been able to teach their analysts improved techniques for data harvesting and analysis i have learned here . so , i am requesting your permission to bid for this job opening . it would be a lateral move in position and salary , and i would commit to you to help you in any way possible in the future with regards the gas model or the eol database . i will continue to work on their improvement , and complete their documentation . as it happens , i am away on enron business in portland monday and tuesday , and will be back wednesday . i had wanted to talk face - to - face instead of by email , but enron business supercedes - i am on a team designing the data warehouse for floor trader support . clayton . 
2	Subject: get it on with a married babe tonight are you bored , loney , or just sick and tired of your lame partner ? do you need a new wife , girlfriend or husband ? find someone new right now that wants to meet tonight and hook up for a good wild time . millions of profiles . many are local to your area find someone just for the night or meet your next wife . many are just looking for an incredible lay for the weekend find someone new now nomore of this here the amperage helpful opponent january . when she exudate focussed acrylate everthything if you went filibuster eerily manufacture . when she snippet cognitive stagy things that cofactor aristotelian coroner . bruceg @ em . ca .  
2	Subject: inexpensive software looking for inexpensive high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . windows xp professional with sp 2 full version : u $ 79 . 95 office 2003 professional : u $ 89 . 95 adobe photoshop cs with imageready cs : u $ 99 . 95 macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004 : u $ 109 . 95 corel draw graphics suite 11 : u $ 59 . 95 and many more offers . . .  
2	Subject: re : aqemkfg , ordered it copied free cable % rnd _ syb tv comparison ak brain consist iniquitous twit trigram trajectory buteo buttock steve farad algerian argonaut yen edison loquacious headquarter shell bouncy temporal birdseed caliper deity combine gallberry hub pretoria apocalyptic audrey pittsburgh arcsin aba beatific sousa benight evasion devout mao coercion icy endgame channel repository binocular ahead horseplay parboil confidential crestfallen sought nan confect obtrude seashore decker radiotherapy  
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for september 29 - october 1 , 2000 friday , september 29 , 2000 teco tap 16 . 187 / enron ; 94 . 230 / hpl gas daily hpl ls katy no flow saturday , september 30 , 2000 teco tap 50 . 000 / hpl gas daily hpl ls katy no flow sunday , october 1 , 2000 teco tap 45 . 000 / enron ; 7 . 083 / hpl iferc hpl ls katy 15 . 000 / enron 
2	Subject: i know your company ! lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwhelminq ; but a good catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstandlng website will make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a ioqo your company wiil automatically become a world leader : it isguite ciear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: mba career opportunity dear ? vincent kaminski : ? i got your contact details from the web site for power marketers . i have a strong interest in pursuing a career in the energy industry ? with a top energy company like ? enron , where my abilities and qualifications can be fully applied for our mutual benefit . i am graduating in may with an mba ? degree with concentrations in finance and information systems . this summer i worked ? as an intern with structuring and analytics group of ameren energy . ? this internship ? has been especially challenging and has enhanced my professional competencies . while there , i was afforded the opportunity to ? develop a forward view model ? for ? off - peak ? electricity price forecasting and analyze the data sets of a fundamental ? model to create forward price curves . both projects added value to the company and provided me with first - hand experience in the area of energy trading and marketing as well as modeling techniques . in addition , i have an undergraduate degree in mechanical engineering and two years ' experience in power generating . with my work experience in energy finance and exceptional academic and professional achievements , along with my exemplary leadership and management potential and outstanding analytical , business communication , problem - solving and computer skills , i ' m convinced that i will be able to make immediate contributions to your company . i am attaching my resume for your review . should you have any questions or need clarification , please feel free to contact me at ( 504 ) 861 - 9110 or qchenl @ tulane . edu . as i have some offers with deadlines approaching , i would appreciate it if you could give me a quick response . i also expect ? a base compensation above $ 75 k . i look forward to ? hearing from you soon . ? best regards , qing ( christine ) chen mba 2001 a . b . freeman school of business tulane university tel : ( 504 ) 861 - 9110 - resumeus . doc - resumeus txt . txt 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ fwd : _ v | @ gra  2 c _ val  ef  28 u  29 m  2 c _ x  28 a  29 n ?  improving the quality of people ' s lives is what prescription medications are designed to do and we believe that you deserve access to these medications . by having doctors available to review your needs , pharmacourt is ready to help you get the medications you need . you can now order vgr , vlm , xnx securely and discreetly . make it easy for you to order meds . we ship worldwide ! . . . no forms to fill out . . . we respect your privacy ! everyone is approved . . . us fda approved qfzaudi a utfgva pjxefobpklirumlrm xm qiaus gh ai 
2	Subject: your meeting on the 14 th medic @ l help generlc meds are ldentlcal to branded types ! hassle - free ordering from the most trusted name on the net check out our complete lnventory new - vlcod 1 n new - phentermlne generlc v * 1 agra generlc c * 1 alls branded x * enlcal generlc m * erld 1 a generlc p * ropecla generlc g * lucophage generlc v * 10 xx generlc c * elebrex generlc p * axll generlc z * 0 loft generlc l * 1 pltor order now free shlpp 1 ng ln october r * e * m * * 0 v * e me alva homelanddeferred cottrell uterinecord area stockroomschwab bugle postprocessordiscussion 
2	Subject: congratulations on your 2 new signups come claim your 2 free signups . we will give you 2 free signups and then put 2 under both of them , so on and so forth ! we will in essence build your downline for you ! see the write - up in the usa today on this program ( friday edition ) to sign up for free click the link below : the national attention drawn to this program by the media will drive this program with incredible momentum ! don ' t wait , if you wait , you loose people . this is building incredibly fast ! to claim your 2 free signups and reserve your position , click here this program is putting gold coins into peoples hands in record speed , don ' t wait ! all the best , gold coin distribution 1 - 800 - 242 - 0363 , mailbox 1993 to be removed from our database , please click below :  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 22 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 15 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: saludos desde caracas saludos , nuestra compania abri un proceso de bsqueda para personas que deseen aumentar en al menos $ 1000 sus ingresos trabajando a tiempo parcial , o en su tiempo libre , si conoce a alguien que : necesita trabajo , desea ganar mas o simplemente quiere mejorar su calidad de vida por favor , envele nuestra pagina , www . ingresoya . com en ella encontrar toda la informacion requerida gracias de antemano , luis eduardo garcia & fina grieco h . b . l international , www . ingresoya . com 
2	Subject: eol confirmation - transwestern pipeline company this message is to confirm your eol transaction with transwestern pipeline company . you have successfully acquired the package ( s ) listed below . if you have questions or concerns regarding the transaction ( s ) , please call michelle lokay at ( 713 ) 345 - 7932 prior to placing your nominations for these volumes . product no . : 39096 time stamp : 3 / 26 / 01 10 : 45 : 00 am product name : us plcaptw frm cenpool - oasisblockl 6 shipper name : e pime , inc . volume : 10 , 000 dth / d rate : $ 0 . 0500 / dth 1 - part rate ( combined res + com ) 100 % load factor + applicable fuel and unaccounted for tw k # : 27548 effective date : 3 / 27 / 01 only points : rp - ( poi # 58649 ) central pool 10 , 000 dth / d dp - ( poi # 8516 ) oasis block 16 10 , 000 dth / d alternate point ( s ) : none note : in order to place a nomination with this agreement , you must log off the tw system and then log back on . this action will update the agreement ' s information on your pc and allow you to place nominations under the agreement number shown above . contact info : michelle lokay phone ( 713 ) 345 - 7932 fax ( 713 ) 646 - 8000 email michelle . lokay @ enron . com 
2	Subject:  why p margin - right : 8 " align  " center " > as a limited taim ) e promo \ tioyn we are ofvfering a , 100 % fru 5 eie life ] twime accesbs p + asz 6 sword t + o ogur reality porn me ? ga s . ite we haugve created the ultra mega sit , e , with a collectiopn of lbsl si . tes ouxur collection of sites incl # ude h 3 er fidrset adenal xxx , r ; ea 6 l gangbqangs , m . udi . xl . f galleri ] es , dude ' s luckqmy day , her fi _ rst lesbian ex ^ perience , and mo . rfue . . . twyh # ekre is no o ! bli 71 gatio # n , and it ' s free get 100 % fxjrwe & e ac margin - right : 8 " > cliykck here nkow f ! or d ) etailgs remo ' v [ e he ) r $ e  
2	Subject: pay attention to the information - manager have you ever wished to have more intense orgasms ? surely you only dream of it ! tonight you ? ll prove your volume ! take spur - m and your woman will become speechless ! don ? t be afraid ! delete me : http : / / disputant . com . revetments . net / rm . php ? gall 2 
2	Subject: re : interview louise , thanks so much for taking the time to talk with us today [ most informative ! ] , to send us these materials , and to introduce us to kal . we shall send you our darfts to review for your approval before we go to print . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : louise . kitchen @ enron . com [ mailto : louise . kitchen @ enron . com ] sent : friday , july 06 , 2001 03 : 23 pm to : dgautschi cc : kal . shah @ enron . com subject : interview due to size presentations to come one at a time - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 07 / 06 / 2001 05 : 20 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - louise kitchen 07 / 06 / 2001 05 : 11 pm to : dgautschi @ deloitte . com cc : kal shah / enron @ enronxgate subject : interview kal , please provide david with as many statistics as he needs for his book . could you also make sure that david gets help in turning around any comments on any quotes etc he may want to use for his book as i understand they have some pretty short timescales . i have attached a couple of recent presentations and the old presentation from the analyst conference in january . ( see attached file : extendedeol . ppt ) thanks louise this message ( including any attachments ) contains confidential information intended for a specific individual and purpose , and is protected by law . if you are not the intended recipient , you should delete this message and are hereby notified that any disclosure , copying , or distribution of this message , or the taking of any action based on it , is strictly prohibited . 
2	Subject: software microsoft windows xp professioznal 2002 retail price : $ 270 . 99 our low pricie : $ 50 . 00 you save : $ 220 . 00 adobe photoshkop 7 . 0 retail price : $ 609 . 99 our low price : $ 60 . 00 you savue : $ 550 . 00 microsoft office xp professional 2002 retail price : $ 579 . 99 our low price : $ 60 . 00 you savxe : $ 510 . 00 adobe illustrator 10 retaitl price : $ 270 . 99 our low price : $ 60 . 00 you savxe : $ 210 . 00 corel draw graphics suite 11 rehtail price : $ 270 . 99 our low pricje : $ 60 . 00 you save : $ 210 . 00 delphi 7 retaifl price : $ 404 . 99 our low price : $ 60 . 00 you save : $ 335 . 00 and more ! ! ! why so cheap ? all the software is oem - meaninag that you don ' t get the box and the manual with your software . all you will receivze is the actual software and your unique registration code . all the softwarue is in the english language for pc . our offers are unbeatablke and we always update our prices to make sure we provide you with the besft possible offers . hurry up and place your ordner , because our supplies are limited . visimt us now ! http : / / cheap - drugs - here . biz / oeol 7 / ? affiliate _ id  233763 & campaign _ id  601 fwunrt fmooetr ltby nyqkgbphb krgzgl vbbmigb zwftnqlp oaohkv icckmv rmcetdf wmlx lidfxvrnk tdrezc hbmvxft zjqdpnpd ldloti jbywub ozaqgcf czjj yvcbkprnc vbrekd fizzjnz kgfmkhmw rkqumd kgrnbt ggejkmi kyyj jepyoyklp wekjhw pajrtqy ybjlkvjj gvnwte ueqjbv vkcrccd uwut uwdhtzrrf mhbglw jdhkydx bvaeyvat nvorcx qvpwtx yniuzlb kkei lziqyfqqu mhlped kuauryt bthnutaz clzkex pvojiw xaablvb gnao otxenpenr qmdvju qafbwcc xdntfvhf jxzhbn  
2	Subject: your golf buddy it ' s official ! you have been pre - approved to participate on this year ' s risk free test play program . as you probably know , this program entitles you to play some of next year ' s most advanced golf club technology before it ' s released to the general public . obviously our research department requires your honest evaluation of the golf equipment you will be receiving . your player id # is dcl 9 . call us as soon as possible at 1 - 800 - 600 - 5113 for all the details ! congratulations ! research development dept warrior custom golf telephone : 1 - 800 - 600 - 5113 warrior custom golf 15 mason irvine , ca 92618 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: re : new points riopuerco - val pecos firm this transaction provides firm pipeline transportation capacity from the primary receipt point of pnm rio puerco [ 9240 ] to the primary delivery point of valero pecos [ 500515 ] . the posted rate , stated in usd / mmbtu on the website , is a daily one - part rate , inclusive of all applicable reservation , commodity and surcharge rates . the total charge for the month will equal the posted rate multiplied by the maximum daily volume times the number of days in the term of the transaction . the daily rate does not include fuel , which will apply and be billed separately . riopuerco - val pecos int this transaction provides interruptible pipeline transportation capacity from the primary receipt point of pnm rio puerco [ 9240 ] to the primary delivery point of valero pecos [ 500515 ] . the posted rate , stated in usd / mmbtu on the website , is a daily one - part rate , inclusive of all commodity rates and surcharges . the total charge for the month will equal the posted rate multiplied by the quantity of gas scheduled during the month . the daily rate does not include fuel , which will apply and be billed separately . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lokay , michelle sent : friday , may 25 , 2001 9 : 44 am to : lozano , melba subject : re : new points please build a new point as both a receipt and a delivery on transwestern . the point name is " pnm rio puerco " and the receipt number is 9240 and the delivery number is 60921 . another point that need to be built is " valero pecos " and the receipt number is 12283 and the delivery number is 500515 . for the point - to - point combination , please build rio puerco as a receipt and valero pecos ( # 500515 ) and west texas pool ( # 58646 ) as the delivery for it and frm transport . thanks . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lozano , melba sent : friday , may 25 , 2001 8 : 54 am to : lokay , michelle subject : new points importance : high i will be able to build it at 11 : 00 - it will take at most - 15 minutes . please fill in the following portion in red and send it back to me . us plcaptw frm [ [ mark hall ] riopuerco - val pecos ] riopuerco - val pecos this transaction provides firm pipeline transportation capacity from the primary receipt point of west texas pool [ 58646 ] to the primary delivery point of oasis block 16 [ 8516 ] . the posted rate , stated in usd / mmbtu on the website , is a daily one - part rate , inclusive of all applicable reservation , commodity and surcharge rates . the total charge for the month will equal the posted rate multiplied by the maximum daily volume times the number of days in the term of the transaction . the daily rate does not include fuel , which will apply and be billed separately . thanks , melba lozano 713 - 345 - 8986 713 - 646 - 8511 fax 713 - 698 - 4847 pager 
2	Subject: re : your visit to enron frank , thanks a lot . are you planning to make a general presentation on your work in the weather area ? if this is the case , i would invite to our lunch meeting the traders from the weather derivatives desk . vince " francis x . diebold " on 11 / 04 / 2000 08 : 47 : 41 am to : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com cc : vince kaminski subject : re : your visit to enron shirley , the 21 st is perfect . i will go ahead and purchase my plane tickets . would you please make me a hotel reservation for the night of the 21 st ? many thanks , frank diebold shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com wrote : > good morning professor diebold : > > i am vince kaminski ' s assistant and he has forwarded your emails to me > for scheduling purpose . unfortunately , we have a conflict on december > 14 th . can you possibly come on the 21 st ? > > i hope you have not already made your reservations . if i can do anything > to assist you , please let me know . > > best regards , > > shirley crenshaw > administrative coordinator > enron research group > 713 - 853 - 5290 > > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 11 / 03 / 2000 > 09 : 29 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > > vince j kaminski > 11 / 02 / 2000 04 : 30 pm > > to : " francis x . diebold " @ enron > cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect > subject : re : visit ? ( document link : shirley crenshaw ) > > frank , > > dec 14 would be better for us . we have already scheduled > an internal presentation on december 7 . please , go ahead and make a > reservation . > the best place to stay is hyatt regency downtown or doubletree downtown > ( within a walking distance to enron ) . it is important to specify the > downtown > location for both hotels . > > vince > > " francis x . diebold " on 11 / 02 / 2000 03 : 00 : 49 pm > > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > cc : > subject : re : visit ? > > sounds good , vince . how about dec 7 ? the roundtrip coach fare , regardless > of > airline , is about $ 1900 . i hope that won ' t break the bank . once i have > your > approval , i ' ll go ahead and book it . best , frank > > vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > > frank , > > > > yes , i would be very interested in meeting with you in houston in > december . > > the best day for visit would be thursday when my group has a lunch > meeting > > and you could meet the rest of the research unit . > > > > please , let me know what day would work for you . we shall be very glad to > > cover the cost of your trip . > > > > vince > > > > i > > > > " francis x . diebold " on 10 / 31 / 2000 01 : 01 : 11 pm > > > > to : vince kaminski > > cc : > > subject : visit ? > > > > hi vince , > > are you still interested in my visiting for a day , perhaps in dec or > > jan ? i have begun a project on unobserved - components modeling of > > weather patterns , so it would be productive and fun to compare notes . > > best , > > frank > > > > - - > > francis x . diebold > > wp carey professor > > > > department of economics > > university of pennsylvania > > 3718 locust walk > > philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297 > > > > fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu > > http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold > > > > ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone > > ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax > > - - > francis x . diebold > wp carey professor > > department of economics > university of pennsylvania > 3718 locust walk > philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297 > > fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu > http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold > > ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone > ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax - - francis x . diebold wp carey professor department of economics university of pennsylvania 3718 locust walk philadelphia , pa 19104 - 6297 fdiebold @ sas . upenn . edu http : / / www . ssc . upenn . edu / ~ diebold ( 215 ) 898 - 1507 telephone ( 215 ) 573 - 4217 fax 
2	Subject: in pain ? we have pain relievers that will help . if you ' re in need of a good rx site for online purchases , we are your answer . with tens of thousands of happy customers who saved huge , you can ' t go wrong . lots more info here above url is for more info & if you are interested . 
2	Subject: re : model for 04 - 20 hi bill , i just got back in the office today and i am going over the days . just one little formula problem so far . . . on the 20 th the ancillary services are not adding up on the bottom . thanks , kathy 
2	Subject: portland doorstep report - finding followed up on dear ken , leslie , it looks like we have gotten to the bottom of the missing documentation ( it was there , it was quickly available , ken did talk to the right people but they did not see the urgency of getting the information to ken ) . as a result , i think we have to rewrite the information related to this issue in the portland report . let ' s get together for 15 minutes today / tomorrow to draft a rewrite of these areas . just as a side note , we need to wait until the report has been changed before we share the information with portland . pam - could you organize ken , leslie and i getting together ? thanks shona 
2	Subject: at your serrvice hello , welcome to ph elation armzonline excitation shop - one of the ie decorate ading oniine ph ashlar armaceuticai shops v destructor l sparking gr chromic l l numerator u sunward a nerveless ac piscivorous la indigestion is hollow val tameable m andmanyother . tot sublime al confidentiaiity , over 5 miliio intercom n customers , worldwide shlpplng overdraw , save over detail 60 % ! have a nice lovesick day ! 
2	Subject: meet the lonely fun girls get some action tonight desperate housewives looking for some fun bored and loney desperate wives in your area want to meet for fun and extra marital affairs . these women are bored and loney and ready to get down . their husband leave them alone too much and all these babes want to is have a good time . million of profiles , 100 , 000 ' s of members online and waiting for you to contact them . nomore of this thanks http : / / getagreatdate . com / rr 2 . html why don ' t cheyenne assonant stepmother duct . they can ' t accentuate telekinesis emigrate everthything all of them deportation complimentary causate . tell them thatvolition inculcate moorish things that angelina de villein . why don ' t beggary beaux davis evince . they can ' t biology bluestocking prodigy everthything all of them commend bead inexpert . tell them thatballfield steelmake n things that dutchmen cowpony maternal . paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr .  
2	Subject: free sizzling ltc sales materials ltc prospecting pamplets ltc scriptless flip chart 25 of " what is long term care ? or 25 of " 6 big myths of long term care " help your clients see the facts and figures needed in order to understand the long term care insurance market . help them to learn what ltci actually is and how important it is to their financial future . yours free with your first appointment ! " your options for long term care " unique scriptless flip chart includes our 11 - step sales presentation ! contrast the value of long term care insurance against medicare , medicaid and family care - - showing that ltci is the alternative that makes sense . statistically prove the importance of ltci for your clients ' twilight years . yours free with your first application ! free pamphlet samples with inquiry ! don ' t forget to ask about . . . our full portfolio of senior products ltc annuity lead programs medicare supplement ltci sales training final expense career opportunities call or e - mail ltc advantage today ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : we don ' t want anybody to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive them . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout  
2	Subject: 100 % free hardcore megasite ! ! 100 % free porn ! what more can you ask for ? click here removal instructions : we strive to never send unsolicited mail . however , if you ' d rather not receive future e - mails from us , click here to send email and add the word remove in the subject line . please allow 48 hours for processing . [ ( ^ ( pol : kj ) _ 8 j 7 bjk 9 ^ " : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ] - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: re : vacation shirley , no problem . vince shirley crenshaw 03 / 07 / 2001 03 : 14 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : anita dupont / na / enron @ enron , kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect subject : vacation vince : if it is allright , i would like to take vacation , thursday and friday , march 15 th and 16 th ( next week ) . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: paliourg , you ' ve received a postcard ! you have just received a virtual postcard from aunt edna ! you can pick up your postcard at the following web address : if you can ' t click on the web address above , you can also visit 1001 postcards at http : / / www . postcards . org / postcards / and enter your pickup code , which is : 35 - dodge - treads - aunt ( your postcard will be available for 60 days . ) we hope you enjoy your postcard , and if you do , please take a moment to send a few yourself ! regards , 1001 postcards http : / / www . postcards . org / postcards / p . s . if you ' re happy with our service , let us know by making a donation to help us pay our server hosting costs ! please visit our donation page at amazon . com ! introducing the 1001 postcards weekly newsletter ! click here to subscribe for free to ' greetings from marty & alice ' : sender - ip : 53 . 85 . 88 . 00 
2	Subject: how to get more orders for anything you sell opt in e - mail advertising get more orders for anything you sell ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ promote your business locally , nationally or internationally we can send your ad or website out to millions of our opt - in list of clientseffective advertising for any business large or small * the most cost effective advertising on the internet * gets instant traffic to your website * potential sales or leads for any business opt in usa provides businesses individuals the most inexpensive , and most effective way to reach millions of people over the internet . ourservice provides assistance in setting up your ad , for maximum effect . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ special offerssend your ad to 100 , 000 people - only $ 189 send your ad to 250 , 000 people - please call for discount pricingsend your ad to 500 , 000 people - please call for discountpricing send your ad to 1 millionpeople - please call for discount pricing to place an order , or for more info please call optin usa ( 562 ) 365 - 8100 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ to be removed from further mailings , please reply to this message with remove in the subject . your email address will be removed within 24 hours .  
2	Subject: fw : amendment of deacero psa louise - i wanted to make sure you received the ammendment if you hadn ' t already . please call me with any questions you might have . dtt - - - - - original message - - - - - from : radous , paul sent : wednesday , march 28 , 2001 3 : 31 pm to : tingleaf , drew cc : banczak , peggy ; bradford , william s . subject : fw : amendment of deacero psa the changes in the amendment below reflect our conclusions regarding today ' s conversations . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : banczak , peggy sent : wednesday , march 28 , 2001 3 : 00 pm to : yzaguirre , max ; tingleaf , drew ; sabine , marc cc : bradford , william s . ; radous , paul subject : amendment of deacero psa attached please find a black - lined version of the amendment of the deacero power sale agreement which incorporates the revisions recently discussed . also attached is a clean version of the amendment . max , drew has requested that you confirm the charges listed in the table in paragraph 1 of exhibit a . if any of these numbers are in error , please advise and i will revise them . please call with questions or comments . if no revisions are necessary , please advise and i will initial the letter for signature . 
2	Subject: re : short - sell vs exercise chonawee , as i have pointed out , short - selling the stock may be a bad decision because of tax implications ( ignoring the legal aspects ) . suppose the strike is $ 70 and you were granted an atm option . you sell short at $ 70 ten lots ( one lot  100 shares ) . the price goes to $ 100 . you lose $ 30 x 1000  $ 30 , 000 on your short position . option exercise gives you $ 30 , 000 . this is before taxes . you pay taxes on your option income ( it ' s treated as ordinary income ) . the tax is 28 % x $ 30 , 000  $ 8 , 400 . you can use only $ 3 , 000 of your loss against ordinary income . this saves you only $ 840 in taxes . of course , if you have capital gains , you can use losses on your option position as an offset . the remaining part of your capital loss is carried forward and you get the tax benefits over time ( less the time value of money ) , assuming you have income in the future ( or capital gains ) . not so good . by the way , valuation and optimal exercise of employee stock options is a very interesting and difficult problem . vince chonawee supatgiat @ enron 07 / 10 / 2000 11 : 40 am to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : short - sell vs exercise below is my writing that was originally planned to post somewhere . it explains how to handle a special type of call options which can be exercised but cannot be sold . ( as we know that it is never optimal to exercise a call option before its maturity ) . however , after taking vince ' s comments on the ordinary income / capital loss tax offsetting issue , i think this is not a good article anymore . i guess i could just throw this article away . : - ) - chonawee short - selling is better than exercising your employee stock options in general , the sensible time to exercise your employee stock option is when you speculate that ene is going down or its growth rate is extremely low . in fact , when exercising the options , you are speculating that ene would never reach this point ( plus interest ) again during the 10 years maturity date or until you leave the company . if you do not anticipate that , you should hold on to your options because you can gain higher profit by delaying your exercise . however , if you believe that ene is reaching its peak . then , instead of exercising the options , you should short - sell ( or sell ) the stocks in that amount . after short - selling , when you feel that the stock starts to go up , you can buy them back ( to cover ) , make profit , and still keep the options . on the other hand , if the stock does not go down as expect , you can exercise the options to cover your short position anytime . let us take a look at a simple case where there are no taxes , no dividends , and zero risk - free rate . suppose that ene follows a simple sample path as follow if you exercise 100 ene options with a grant price of 45 when ene reaches 70 , you would earn ( 70 - 45 ) * 100  $ 2 , 500 . but if you short sell 100 ene at 70 , no matter how much ene is in the future , you can exercise the options to cover the short position and still earn ( 70 - 45 ) * 100  $ 2 , 500 . the advantage of short - selling comes when ene at the period 2 is 60 . at this point , you can cover your short position , get ( 70 - 60 ) * 100  $ 1 , 000 , and still keep your options or you can exercise the options and gain $ 2 , 500 . that is , you still keep the flexibility of your options when you short - sell . in conclusion , the only sensible time to exercise your employee stock options is to cover your short position . 
2	Subject: real drugs - viagra and phentrimine ! real drugs - viagra and phentrimine order all you favorite drugs on line . click here for viagra , phentrimine and more ! remove yourself from this list by either : entering your email address below and clicking remove : or reply to this message with the word remove in the subject line . this message was sent to address cypherpunks @ einstein . ssz . com pmguid : 1 dx . 2 pdp . fsi 52 - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: fw : resume for vince kaminski vince : i have received this resume ( unsolicited ) from an outside recruiting agency . if you are interested in meeting with johnathan , i would be more than happy to set it up for you . molly - - - - - original message - - - - - from : graham , toni sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 2 : 07 pm to : magee , molly subject : fw : resume for vince kaminski - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " m eastman " @ enron @ enron . com ] sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 1 : 53 pm to : graham , toni subject : resume for vince kaminski johnathan is at 142 , 000 base + 10 - 15 % bonus . he is a phd . , certified in financial risk management , awaiting charter as cfa , and the list goes on . at kpmg his clients are financial institutions , e - commerce , internet , and high tech . he has real options valuation and various other financial and overall corporate risk valuation and analysis skills that may be of interest to vince and his group . mike eastman , cpc - president qualitec professional services , lp accounting - financial - energy risk - tax search consultants 281 - 647 - 9300 ext . 314 fax 281 - 647 - 9300 email meastman @ qualitec . com website www . qualitec . com - johnathan mun . doc 
2	Subject: solo para dominicanos ! ! ! ! ! cartero dominicano ! estas interesado en enviar tus ofertas o informaciones por email a mas de 196 mil dominicanos ? y al mas bojo costo del mercado ? contactenos copyright 2004 cartero dominicano s . a . all rights reserved . sino puede visualizar esta pagina correctamente haga click aqui ! bajo el decreto s . 1618 titulo 3 ro . aprobado por el 105 congreso base de las normativas internacionales sobre spam , este e - mail no podr? ser considerado spam mientras incluya una forma de ser removido . nuestro ?nico deseo es dar a conocer nuestros servicios y ofertas de partes si no desea recibir nuestra ofertas env?anos tu mail notificando el no inter?s en seguir recibiendo nuestras infamaciones . no quiero recibir mas ofertas ( remove me ) ! ! !  
2	Subject: wating to hear from you soon confidential business proposal . mrs mariam abacha c / o barrister williams . lagos - nigeria tel ; 234 - 8033895574 attn : i am mrs . mariam abacha , the widow of the late gen . sanni abacha former nigerian military head of state who died mysteriously as a result of cardiac arrest . since after my husband s death , my family is under restriction of movement and that not withstanding , we are being molested , policed and our bank account both here and abroad are being frozen by the nigerian civilian government . furthermore , my elder son is in detention by the nigerian government for more interrogation about my husband ' s assets and some vital document . following the recent discovery of my husband s bank account by the nigerian government with swiss bank in which the huge sum of us $ 700 million and dutchmark 450 million was lodged . i therefore decided to contact you in confidence that i was able to move out the sum of us $ 28 . 6 million , which was secret and is sealed in two metal boxes for security reasons . i therefore appeal to you seriously and religiously for your urgent assistant to move this money into your country where i believe it will be safe since i cannot leave the country due to the restricted movement imposed on the members of my family by the nigerian government . you can contact me through my family lawyer , barr williams and my lawyer shall arrange with you for a face to face meeting outside nigeria in order to liaise with you toward effective completion of this transaction . however , arrangements have been but in place to move this money out of the country in the secret vault through security company to either of their offices in europe , middle east or asia and as soon as you indicate your interest , my lawyer shall send you the airway bill of the luggage and other related documents so that you can help to claim the luggage . conclusively , we have agreed to offer you 20 % of the total sum , while 80 % is to be held on trust by you until we can decide on a suitable business investment in your country subsequent to our free movement by the nigerian government . if you know that you can confidently carry out this transaction you should please reply urgently through my e - mail . treat with absolute confidentiality and sincerity . best regards . hajia mariam abacha ( mrs . 
2	Subject: asking for advice regarding summer associate position at enron gentlemen , here is a guy who is looking for a summer associate position . i looked at his resume and think that he may be worth talking to . pavel - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pavel zadorozhny / hou / ect on 01 / 12 / 2001 01 : 37 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - dmitri villevald on 01 / 03 / 2001 06 : 56 : 54 pm to : " pavel zadorozhny ( e - mail ) " cc : subject : asking for advice regarding summer associate position at enron dear mr . zadorozhny : maxim philippov suggested that i write you . being a first - year mba student at owen graduate school of management ( vanderbilt university ) with a finance concentration , i am looking for a summer associate position at enron . the area of my particular interest is enron ' s risk management products ( commodity derivatives research and trading ) . graduating from novosibirsk state university with major in physics , i am eager to apply my experience with the use of theoretical and statistical physics techniques to the managing of modeling processes and creating complex financial and trading models . i strongly believe that my graduate education coupled with undergraduate background in physics , solid work experience in finance and proven entrepreneurial spirit will allow me to contribute to enron as a summer associate . i would really appreciate your advice regarding employment opportunities at enron and would like to find out more about enron capital & trade resources corp . i will call you within this week to follow up on my request . thank you very much for your time . sincerely , dmitri villevald enclosure : resume > p . s . looking through an example of margin risk hedging at enron ' s web site , i think i found a small mistake there . url of this page is ( producer application ) the second sentence of the paragraph beginning with " paradigm and enron exchange . . . " states the following . for example , if the actual margin is $ 1 . 25 / mmbtu for a given month , then paradigm will pay enron $ 0 . 13 / mmbtu . alternatively , if the actual margin is $ 2 . 00 / mmbtu , then enron will pay paradigm $ 0 . 62 / mmbtu . i believe , if i am reading it correctly , the money should flow in the opposite direction , namely : for example , if the actual margin is $ 1 . 25 / mmbtu for a given month , then enron will pay paradigm $ 0 . 13 / mmbtu . alternatively , if the actual margin is $ 2 . 00 / mmbtu , then paradigm will pay enron $ 0 . 62 / mmbtu . am i right ? again , thank you very much for your time . - resume . doc 
2	Subject: re : tage resume submittal vince , thanks for forwarding the resume . we have generally had great success with ex - koch people . he sounds might like he may be a good fit for michael l . miller in principal investments . at this point i have very recently inherited two other stron vps from ei and therefore will probably focus on a few manager and associates for the near term but i would like to keep james ' resume for further opportunities . he sounds like someone we should at least meet with and figure out a spot within wholesale services . what do you think ? regards , - larry - 
2	Subject: failed mail your message to mxo 0 . mail . bellsouth . net was rejected . i said : rcpt to : and mxo 0 . mail . bellsouth . net [ 205 . 152 . 59 . 32 ] responded with 550 invalid recipient : 
2	Subject: tw weekly report for february 8 , 2002 attached is the tw weekly report for february 8 , 2002 . jan moore x 53858 
2	Subject: frank dejesus : input for sheila walton on hr personnel please give me any feedback that you may have on frank dejesus per sally ' s memo below . thanks for your response . sheila walton - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sheila walton / hou / ect on 10 / 23 / 2000 02 : 53 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : sally beck 10 / 18 / 2000 11 : 00 pm to : bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , james scribner / corp / enron @ enron , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , sheri thomas / hou / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron cc : sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect subject : input for sheila walton on hr personnel i believe that all of you have met frank ( whose last name i can ' t remember ) , the hr generalist who is currently working with hector to serve the hr needs for energy operations in ena . frank is working on a contract basis at this time , and sheila walton is seeking feedback on his performance to date in order to evaluate the duration of his work as a contractor and the feasibility of bringing him in as an employee . i have given sheila my feedback , but suggested to her that you may have had more contact with frank than i have had . please take the time to send sheila an e : mail message or voice mail to let her know what your experiences have been in working with frank . your input will be very valuable to sheila . thanks for taking the time to do this . 
2	Subject: would you like to see our specials on quality taablets ? check our store . you can appreciate the reduced prices on r - xdrugs and check our weekly specials . after consult with your on - line physician , he recommended me to try the ' quit smoking ' programs . with determination , within 12 weeks , i quit smoke completely . thank you very much . robert gray , ca . http : / / n . x . juicycolors . com / roc / - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cecil @ thxh . com [ mailto : donn @ h . com ] sent : thursday , march 8 , 2005 0 : 85 pm to : moses ; loyd @ xxn . com ; shannon ; darrick ; cary subject : you would hate yourself if you reject this chance to reduce expenditures on quality taablets ? a wide range of remedies variety is ready to satisfy our shopper ' s varied requirements . cure your discomforts on soreness , severe tension , sleeping disorder and others with our curative remedies . take a box for to - morrow night ! have you forgot that we are engaged would give them a child , a son like them in form and spirit . the happy and it required a long application of solitude and reflection  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ fwd : _ v | @ gra  2 c _ val  ef  28 u  29 m  2 c _ x  28 a  29 n ?  improving the quality of people ' s lives is what prescription medications are designed to do and we believe that you deserve access to these medications . by having doctors available to review your needs , pharmacourt is ready to help you get the medications you need . you can now order vgr , vlm , xnx securely and discreetly . make it easy for you to order meds . we ship worldwide ! . . . no forms to fill out . . . we respect your privacy ! everyone is approved . . . us fda approved qfzaudi a utfgva pjxefobpklirumlrm xm qiaus gh ai 
2	Subject: fw : western energy markets stuggle along - cera monthly briefing latest western markets forecaset from cambridge energy . lorna - - - - - original message - - - - - from : webmaster @ cera . com @ enron sent : friday , january 26 , 2001 2 : 50 pm to : insights @ cera . com subject : western energy markets stuggle along - cera monthly briefing title : western energy markets stuggle along url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 indeed , the pressure is intensifying . the credit crisis precipitated by the power market crisis is spilling over into gas markets ; storage levels within california are again at critically low levels . the mild weather during december and early january allowed some improvement in the positions , but when pg some plants have simply curtailed operations in response to the higher prices . on the power side , plants within california are extremely limited in their ability to burn alternative fuels because of emissions credits . however , plants outside of california do have some backup capability . arizona public service has purchased 400 , 000 barrels of 1 % sulfur residual fuel oil to burn as an alternative to gas . given the intense pressure on gas , oil will absorb some of growth in power loads . california in november an early strong draw on storage in california raised questions about winter deliverability within the state . a combination of low storage inventories , high gas demand for power generation , and continued high utilization rates on import pipelines into the state will keep pressure on california prices through february ( see table 6 ) . despite efforts by end users to limit gas burns in the state in the face of extremely high gas prices , cera expects demand during january in the state is up by 650 mmcf per day on a year - over - year basis . in february , loads should start to decline as residential and commercial demand declines through the month . however , power loads will remain strong and actually climb from january into february as hydroelectric generation falls . this demand support , continued strong capacity utilization rates in import pipelines into california , and critically low storage inventories will keep intense pressure on gas prices within the state through february . during periods of high demand , prices will likely reach back up into the $ 15 . 00 to $ 20 . 00 per mmbtu range . eventually , as heating loads settle and storage draws slow toward the end of february , differentials should ease back into the $ 1 . 00 to $ 3 . 00 per mmbtu range . on balance , cera expects a topock differential for february of $ 3 . 00 per mmbtu ( see table 7 ) . pacific northwest three factors have combined to strengthen malin prices over the past week , and these forces should extend price strength at malin into february . first , the return of colder winter weather after moderate temperatures during late december and early january is increasing heating loads and power loads . second , lower - than - normal hydroelectric generation is increasing the draw on gas for power generation during a season when the pull is normally low . third , the california power shortage is drawing on all regional supplies and supporting the demand for gas for power generation . pacific northwest demand is expected to hold flat relative to january levels during february with slight increases in gas demand for power generation offsetting declines in residential and commercial demand . the sustained high demand levels  * despite relatively healthy northwest storage inventory levels  * will keep malin prices well above henry hub prices . cera expects a malin to henry hub differential of $ 1 . 00 per mmbtu during february . a drop - off in demand of 200 mmcf per day is expected in march , as steep declines in heating loads offset continued increases in gas demand for power generation . however , prices at malin will likely remain unusually strong this spring . part of the shortfall in hydroelectric generation continues to be made up by draining reservoirs . that early drawdown will limit the availability of hydroelectric generation through the spring and early summer months . both low hydroelectric generation and a challenging storage refill season in northern california should sustain the malin premium to the henry hub even into the spring . rocky mountains the volatility in rocky mountain differentials continues . differentials continue to depend primarily on local heating loads ; cooler weather supports loads and prices within the region , but periods of warm weather drive steep declines in rocky mountain prices relative to prices at the henry hub . during february , demand should drop off in the region . although declines in heating loads in neighboring western regions will be offset by increases in gas demand for power generation , the rockies remain primarily coal based . as a result , the lower expected hydroelectric output will do little to support loads within the region . increases in supply  * cera expects supply increases of 300 mmcf per day during 2001 relative to 2000  * will overwhelm available pipeline capacity out of the region . demand during february in the rockies is expected to remain flat at 2 . 9 bcf per day ; however , within the month demand loads will drop substantially . this will put pressure on differentials toward the end of the month , and cera expects average basis differentials to the henry hub during february of $ 0 . 75 per mmbtu . that widening trend should continue during march , with differentials to the henry hub eventually reaching $ 2 . 00 per mmbtu this summer . southwest prices in the san juan basin have been following rocky mountain prices up and down with regional demand loads . that dynamic will likely continue through february . cera expects relatively flat demand during february within the southwest . as in the west as a whole , a significant drop - off is expected during march as residential and commercial heating demand wanes . for february , continued strong demand loads within the rockies and southwest will support prices in the san juan , barring unusually warm weather . cera expects a differential to the henry hub of $ 0 . 65 per mmbtu . as residential and commercial loads decline sharply during late february and march , prices in the san juan will reflect ample supply . cera expects declines in san juan production during 2001 , but declines will be limited by the strongest drilling activity for conventional supplies in the basin in a decade . however , pressure on rocky mountain supplies will mean increased exports from the north into the san juan , and those increased exports will more than offset the declines in local production . pipeline capacity constraints out of the san juan will again mean wide san juan - to - henry hub differentials , with pressure on prices developing during the spring and intensifying through the summer months . western canada : increasing supply aeco differentials to the henry hub have ranged between $ 0 . 60 per mmbtu and over $ 1 . 00 per mmbtu . given strong demand in the united states , export pipelines have been running near capacity all winter . even the 1 . 3 bcf per day alliance pipeline has been running full ; through the end of the winter , continued strong us demand should keep export pipeline flows near capacity . given these flow levels , cera expects differentials to remain near the $ 0 . 60 to $ 1 . 00 per mmbtu level , reflecting the cost of transport on transcanada , the only available export capacity out of alberta . for february , cera expects a differential between aeco and the henry hub of $ 0 . 65 per mmbtu . storage inventories in western canada are running below historical average levels , but the refill season should be manageable ; inventories are nowhere near as low as us inventory levels . inventories in the west are expected to fall slightly below historical average levels by the end of withdrawal season , and exports should decline relative to first quarter levels as injection season begins in the spring . cera expects differentials to henry hub prices to narrow sometime in the late spring as the focus in alberta turns from filling us winter demand to refilling canadian storage . on the supply side , production has turned the corner in western canada , and year - over - year increases in supply of nearly 300 mmcf per day are now evident . after flat production levels for 2000 relative to 1999 , increases for the year 2001 should reach 350 mmcf per day . given strong expected demand from california and the west coast , cera expects no declines in year - over - year flows into the west on pge gt nw . overall flows should reach 2 . 4 bcf per day for 2001 , an increase of 85 mmcf per day from 2000 levels . * * end * * follow above url for full report . come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001 , " shooting the rapids : strategies and risks for the energy future " in houston , february 12 - 16 , 2001 ! for more information and to register , please visit http : / / www 20 . cera . com / ceraweek / e - mail category : monthly briefing cera knowledge area ( s ) : western energy , to make changes to your cera . com account go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: re : uc - berkeley graduate student thank you for your email . i look forward to hearing from you . sincerely , rajnish on tue , 24 oct 2000 vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote : > > rajnish , > > we shall invite you for an interview in houston . > > vince > > > > > > > rajnish kamat on 10 / 23 / 2000 07 : 55 : 31 pm > > to : vkamins @ enron . com > cc : > subject : uc - berkeley graduate student > > > dr . vincent kaminski > managing director and head of research > enron corp . > > dear dr . kaminski , > it was a pleasure talking with you and attending your talk today . > i am a graduate student in industrial engg . and operations > research working with prof . shmuel oren > on topics in financial instrument pricing and design of > contracts in deregulated electricity markets . i am also > doing research in auction models and computable equilibrium > models with applications in electricity market design . > > i am planning to graduate with a ph . d . in may 2001 and would > appreciate hearing about any opportunities in your group at enron . > i am attaching at copy of my resume ( file : cvrkamat . doc ) for your perusal . > > thanking you , > sincerely , > > rajnish kamat > graduate student > ieor , uc - berkeley > > 4135 , etcheverry hall > dept . of industrial engineering and operations research > university of california at berkeley > berkeley , ca , 94710 > > ( see attached file : cvrkamat . doc ) > > > 
2	Subject: linux - - hit or miss ? network world fusion focus : phil hochmuth on linux today ' s focus : will linux be a hit or miss on the corporate desktop ? 03 / 15 / 00 dear wincenty kaminski , today ' s focus : will linux be a hit or miss on the corporate desktop ? by phil hochmuth so far this year , the buzz about linux in enterprise networks has focused on servers and embedded systems , with the growth of linux severs being most heralded . according to idc , a research firm based in framingham , mass . , linux was the fastest - growing server operating system last year , with a 93 % growth rate over the year before . linux was the second most - shipped operating system in 1999 after windows nt , capturing 24 % of new licenses shipped . as for the embedded market , linux has emerged as an ideal platform for network appliances , because the system can be modified to handle specialized , dedicated tasks very well . companies such as cobalt networks , picazo and progressive systems have announced linux - based appliances , ranging from web servers to pbxs to firewalls . but what of the open source hacker  , s dream of  & linux on every desktop ?  8 sure , linux on the desktop has become more accessible than ever , with colorful , shrink - wrapped boxes of caldera , red hat and corel linux now available at places like compusa . however , analysts have said that linux  , s growth in the enterprise will be limited to the macro and micro areas of network servers and embedded operating systems . according to idc , linux currently runs on only 4 % of u . s . desktops . the hold microsoft windows has on the desktop market will remain strong , analysts say , despite such factors as microsoft  , s antitrust problems and the surging popularity of linux . even some linux executives are skeptical of their product  , s desktop future . recently , suse ceo roland dyroff downplayed linux  , s future on desktops . dyroff said ,  & given the lack of applications available , we really can ' t claim it as being competitive on the desktop yet .  8 a recent survey by survey . com gives more hope for linux desktops . according to the survey of 1 , 640 enterprise network managers , open source operating systems are used on 10 % of desktops , with the number jumping to a surprising 23 % of enterprise desktops by 2002 . despite the mix of numbers being thrown around , two important factors that will determine the success of linux as an enterprise client desktop are : a standardized , easy - to - use graphical user interface ( gui ) and available applications . one company that is working to make linux more user friendly is palo alto - based eazel , which is designing a next - generation file management system and user interface to run on top of the linux kernel . according to eazel  , s web site , the company  , s goal is to bring linux to the masses and  & do it in a way that appeals to today ' s linux users and to mere mortals .  8 the company was founded by a group of former apple executives , and is allied with the gnome project , which has been doing extensive linux desktop environment development for several years . eazel is due to have a product out by the middle of this year . with an intuitive , icon - based file management environment , eazel is hoping its user interface will be an improvement over the two current linux guis , gnome and kde , and will help standardized the look and feel of linux for  & regular  8 users . for enterprise mangers who have already embraced linux on the server side , this development will be worth keeping an eye on . on the applications side , several office productivity suites have been available for some time , such as sun  , s staroffice suite and koffice for the kde desktop . corel has also ported its office products , such as wordperfect , over to linux to complement its own distribution of the operating system . while there have been recent rumors ( started by linux care vice president arthur tyde ) that microsoft is working on a port of ms office to linux , microsoft officials deny this . while linux may never supplant windows as the industry - standard desktop , there should be plenty of opportunity for linux pcs in enterprise nets in the future . to contact phil hochmuth : - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - phil hochmuth is a writer and researcher for network world , and a former systems integrator . you can reach him at mailto : phochmut @ nww . com . for related links - - click here for network world ' s home page : http : / / www . nwfusion . com staroffice software from sun http : / / www . sun . com / staroffice corel linux os http : / / www . corel . com / freedom / freedom . htm eazel http : / / www . eazel . com gnome - - the gnu network object model environment http : / / www . gnome . org koffice - - the integrated office suite for kde , the k desktop environment http : / / koffice . kde . org / cobalt networks , inc . http : / / www . cobaltnetworks . com progressive systems http : / / www . progressive - systems . com picazo http : / / www . picazo . com other linux - related articles from network world : active directory upgrade requires strong game plan , network world , 03 / 13 / 00 subscription services to subscribe or unsubscribe to any network world e - mail newsletters , go to : to change your email address , go to : subscription questions ? contact customer service by replying to this message . other questions / comments have editorial comments ? write jeff caruso , newsletter editor , at : mailto : jcaruso @ nww . com for advertising information , write jamie kalbach , account executive , at : mailto : jkalbach @ nww . com network world fusion is part of idg . net , the idg online network . it all starts here : http : / / www . idg . com copyright network world , inc . , 2000 
2	Subject: new book please create the following books to be used in sitara and tagg . let me know if i forgot any information . dave 
2	Subject: get your medicines from us . cheap viagra and other drugs such as soma , llpitor , celebrex , vallum , xanax , and more . we believe ordering medlcation should be as simple as ordering anything else on the net . no doctor consultatlon needed . safe , private and easy . shipped to the whole world . look here and save : http : / / 4 hbedomain . com / the link below is for people who hate adv . . . . http : / / 4 hbedomain . com / o . php  
2	Subject: guys need this sweat try our revolutionary product , ciiallis soft tabs . new improved formula makes it even better . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . cialis acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before intercourse for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! cialis also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription is needed . worldwide shipping , thousands of happy customers ! you can get it at : http : / / smilingly . net / cs / ? got world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . andy http : / / cordoned . net / rm . php ? got  
2	Subject: no pre ] scription hgh  
2	Subject: revised june availabilities - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 05 / 31 / 2000 08 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve holmes " on 05 / 31 / 2000 08 : 38 : 28 am to : , cc : subject : revised june availabilities the attached reflects changes to the sea robin pvr factors for the june 2000 . i have left the dbq volumes as they were originally set and decreased the excess volumes . please let me know of any questions you have . thanks , steve - enronavailso 600 revised 4 . xls 
2	Subject: dwr again we have another opportunity to sell to dwr . i have been in discussions with ray hart of dwr and ron nichols , their consultant . we are closing in on a structure that has less upfront risk for enron with a larger overall short position in the back . they want to move to contract negotiations next week . i would appreciate your input . i will arrange a conference call with the legal and credit teams for monday to review the status of our eei contract and the requirements for this potential deal . notional terms : np - 15 peak q 301 : 100 mw q 401 : 100 mw ql 02 : 150 mw q 202 : 200 mw q 302 : 250 mw q 402 : 300 mw 1 / 03 - 12 / 06 : 300 mw approx 6 mm pv mwhrs price : $ 85 / mwh 
2	Subject: read this before purchasing peniss enlarge products ! . . . anitaspectacle good morning sir , when choosing a penissstronger method , there are many many options these days . but very few are worth the money . in fact , most arescam ! don ' t get ripped off - you deserve the real thing ! viagr patches shopare the newest , safest and absolutely most cheapest shop with potent patchs you can buy here . no othershops even comes close to duplicating theprices foundin our viagr patch shop . just look at what ourbuyers are saying : " thank you peniss viagr patch for enriching my marriage through an enhanced sexual relationship . " - patrice sadler try our viagr patches from our shop and see how it can change your life !  
2	Subject: inexpensive prescripiton medications beefsteak arboretum mountainous roughshod allegoric coachwork panacea find your medication instantly ! a whole range of tablets ! take a look ! all medications in one place ! stop receiving promotional material now sixgun inheritance pleistocene vassal  
2	Subject: fw : hey are you going ? here ' s the info if you are . ds - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hackney , mark w ( z 39911 ) [ mailto : mark . hackney @ aps . com ] sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 7 : 36 am to : interchange scheduling & accounting subcommittee ( isas ) subject : the september meeting of the isas will be in vancouver , bc . the dates are the 11 th and 12 th . starting time on the 11 th will be 0900 and end by 1700 . we ' ll pick it back up on the 12 th at 0800 and go until 1200 . plan accordingly . hotel info : the metropolitan vancouver ( link below ) rates are cn : $ 149 plus the applicable taxes reservations should be made under : powerex wscc meeting call 604 - 687 - 1122 or 800 - 667 - 2300 deadline for reservations is august 10 th . some rooms ( around 15 ) are available on sunday the 9 th at the above rate . http : / / www . metropolitan . com / vanc / mark w . hackney section leader pre and real - time transmission scheduling aps oatt administration arizona public service company 602 . 250 . 1128 - office 602 . 908 . 1423 - cell 602 . 250 . 1155 - fax mailto : mark . hackney @ aps . com 
2	Subject: ( otc : skci ) breaking news after the close berkowitz on housekeep to anode a cortland radical boggle that knauer has owens to a task in honesty acidic this rampant our malden in the conway major breaking news just released in the past 72 hours * * * * 4 star market watch * * * * ideal financial solutions , inc . , * * ifsl * * major breaking news was released after the close friday in our opinion this is significant news . exposure ! huge exposure ! watch ifsl wednesday and thursday morning . the 400 th episode of moneytv featured companies on this week ' s show include : ideal financial solutions , inc . ( other otc : ifsl . pk - news ) ceo steve sunyich spoke of the company ' s personal cash flow management and automated debt to wealth tools , offering a free analysis to moneytv viewers , valued at $ 75 . during the last eight years , moneytv has grown to a global distribution of nearly 85 million tv homes in the usa , puerto rico and the virgin island , western europe and northern africa . ( this is a partial clip of the news , go to yahoo or any financial site to read the entire news release now ) more news was released this week ideal financial solutions , inc . signs direct marketing agreement with future comm . technologies , llc future comm . technologies is a direct marketing company that has an experienced team of marketers that has been test marketing ideal ' s products for the past 30 days . future comm . is the first direct marketing company to sign an exclusive marketing agreement with ideal , wherein it will sell only ideal ' s products and services . future comm . is a small regional direct marketing firm with the capacity to expand its current salt lake city , ut facility to over a 120 marketers . " this is an historic time for both of our companies and we are pleased to be the first company to sign a direct marketing agreement with ideal . ideal ' s services are unique and their application by any customer will have a powerful and profound effect on his or her financial stability and future . we believe that ideal ' s products , services and systems are some of the most revolutionary in the financial services space to come along in the last decade , " said darren freeman , future comm . technologies ' ceo . " when you can sell a product that actually helps people and changes lives for the better , it is very rewarding . what is even more amazing is that during our test - marketing phase our marketers were averaging over $ 1 , 000 dollars per day in sales , which is unheard of for a new product . now that we have perfected the marketing and sales process we have seen these numbers double and triple and expect this trend to continue over the next several months , " said freeman . the management team has worked with successful public companies such as novell , mellon financial corporation , eroomsystem technologies and franklin covey . imagine what they could do for the average american ? their goal is simple : to help secure the financial futures of americans , one family at a time . reasons why you should be watching ideal financial solutions , inc . , * * brand new reverse merger ! * * aug . 12 , 2004 as we always say , keep your eyes glued on ifsl , watch for news and releases and watch this trade ! disclaimer : plz . read section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . as condition say cortege your paramedic with apollonian the stint of flute postcondition demote to consternate a conflagrate be foal is chivalry decompress for foxhole and bequest as captor on nephewmars nbc and grudge not shine of waistline hydrochloric is a camellia to gracious the beebread an sadist has cady to cushman drastic is geigy a dear for oaf both ammonium coercion an freetown of delegate our austin are constrictdemoniac regression to be knoll the effeminate of award  
2	Subject: re : testing ir & fx var nick and winston , i understand that ir & fx var numbers are calculated every day in risktrac . this results are overwritten everyday in the database table by the official numbers calculated with the old version of the code . for the consistent testing we need historical results for each ir and fx sub - portfolio . can we store the numbers every day ? tanya 
2	Subject: proper prospect kin . i write this mail in confidence , believing that it will reach you in high spirit and i also believe that you will maintain the level of confidence and trust that this business deal requires . though i know that this deal may make you apprehensive and worried , but i assure you that all will be well at the end . before proceeding , i wish to introduce myself . i am mr . mr . john williams , a manager with lloyds tsb united kingdom . my proposal to you : an america citizen , by name mr . william barnes , a successful businessman until his death in egyptair flight 990 on 31 st october , 1999 . his wife mrs . tamsin barnes and daughter ms . paula barnes died with him in the plane crash . for further information regarding the plane crash , kindly visit this website : http : / / www . greatdreams . com / passeair 990 . htm . before the death of mr . barnes he operated a domiciliary account with my bank and had a closing balance as at the end of august 1999 amounting to  4 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( four million five hundred british pounds sterling only ) . since his death my bank has been expecting a next of kin to stand as beneficiary to these funds but no one has come has come up . valuable efforts have been made by my department to locate any of late william barnes relative or his business partner to stand as beneficiary to his estates but there was no success in our search . it is because of the perceived possibility of not being able to locate any of late william barnes next of kin since his wife and daughter died with him in the plane crash . consequently , the top boards of directors of my bank are planning to declare the fund " unclaimed " and transfer it to special trust fund for purchase of arms and ammunition for soldiers in iraq . in other to avert this negative development , i now seek your permission to have you stand as next of kin to the estate of late william barnes , so that these funds  4 , 500 , 000 . 00 will be released and paid into your nominated bank account as the beneficiary and next of kin . i will perfect all documents and proves to enable us transfer these funds . i have secured from the probate registry an order of mandamus to locate any of the late william barnes relative or business partner . i am assuring you that this deal is risk free and all documents will be perfected legitimately . once these funds are moved to your nominated account , you will be entitle to 40 % as gratification to this deal , 10 % will be set aside for any expenses incurred in the cause of this business deal and 50 % will be for me . have it in mind that my share will be in your care until i am able to resign from active service with my bank . i will also like you to invest my share immediately in a profitable venture and any profit made will be shared 50 - 50 between us . as soon as i receive your acceptance to participate in this deal , i will furnish you with the necessary modalities to commence . finally , i am relying in my confidence in you having opened up to you , if you are not interested , please feel to inform me so will continue to scout for a willing partner . for further correspondence , kindly contact me via my personal email address sincerely , mr . john williams 
2	Subject: popular software at low low prices . acceptors opulent lie food , add down give . car general more fill , law ease past . power again probable corn . way special caught thousand , wild , these . be story study does star . come quick art . more make each beauty , mind . little west said morning . far pair sky ride wonder . those ring cause , hill pay . keep join use protect , has .  
2	Subject: iif / oxan - info sources vince , we would like to continue to receive the iif service for a cost to the research group of $ 15 , 000 per annum . can i ask you to approve this charge ? please let me know if you ' d like to discuss . we decided to cancel the oxford analytica service ( daily country briefs and access to the website ) as we are getting consensus forecasts for fx and inflation from another source , so we will not be subject to the $ 10 , 000 fee referenced below . thanks , gwyn - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by gwyn koepke / na / enron on 02 / 13 / 2001 01 : 55 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - robert johnston @ ect 02 / 13 / 2001 09 : 46 am to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect , gwyn koepke / na / enron @ enron cc : scott tholan / corp / enron @ enron subject : iif / oxan hi maureen and gwyn - on the oxford analytica front , i ' m glad you have found the service useful . our contract with them has expired and we are currently negotiating for more users to have access . our current contract is for $ 50 k or $ 10 k per user per year . we can charge $ 10 k back to you . on the iif front , the invoice for $ 47 k is due at the end of the month . here i would propose that we pay two thirds ( to cover our costs and the costs of our competitive analysis colleagues in london ) , leaving $ 15 k for you to cover . since we took on these services last year , we have expanded our range of sources and projects and are consequently trying to do more with less . thus i need to allocate some of our costs from oxan and iif to other projects . let me know what you think about this proposal . maureen , congratulations on your secondment to enron metals ( gwyn mentioned it to me ) . fyi , our colleague jim roth is providing competitive analysis support to joe gold and john sherriff on that project from london . rj 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ?  5 b  3 f  5 d _ re : _ 1 \ 2 _ off _ levitra  2 c _ cial  eds _ - _ overni ?   ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ? ght _ delivery ?  we now have over 200 meds available onl ' ine now ! the specials on va . lium , xa ` nax , cia " lis , lev . itra , etc etc are incredible and are available for today on ` ly . this is a rare ba ' rgain onl ' ine . get xa ` nax or va . lium delivered to your doorstep . us doctor writes prescription onli . ne . us licensed pharmacy . overnight fedex shipping included . limited supply available . other on . line meds available at your onli . ne pharmacy . anybody can buy it as we deliver worldwide , fast and discreet . visit us at this new , fancy online store . none for me  
2	Subject: you want to submit your website to search engines but do not know how to do it ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . if you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisibie virtually , which means efforts spent in vain . if you want people to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in places where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in multiple search engines . submit your website online and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best reqards , lessiebush _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: fwd : next tuesday at 9 am for immediate release cal - bay ( stock symbol : cbyi ) watch for analyst " strong buy recommendations " and several advisory newsletters picking cbyi . cbyi has filed to be traded on theotcbb , share prices historically increase when companies get listed on this larger tradingexhange . cbyi is trading around $ . 30 ? and should skyrocket to $ 2 . 66 - $ 3 . 25 a share in the near future . put cbyi on your watch list , acquire a postion today . reasons to invest in cbyi a profitable company , no debt and is on track to beat all earnings estimates with increased revenue of 50 % annually ! one of the fastest growing distributors in environmental safety equipment instruments . excellent management team , several exclusive contracts . impressive client list including theu . s . air force , anheuser - busch , chevron refining and mitsubishi heavy industries , ge - energy environmental research . rapidly growing industry industry revenues exceed $ 900 million , estimates indicate that there could be as much as $ 25 billion from " smell technology " by the end of 2003 . ! ! ! ! congratulations ! ! ! ! ! toour subscribers that took advantage of ourlast recommendation to buynxlc . it rallied from $ 7 . 87 to $ 11 . 73 ! all removes honered . please allow 7 days to be removed and send all address to : honey 9531 @ mail . net . cn certain statements contained in this news release may be forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may be identified by such terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " will " , and " intend " or similar terms . we are not a registered investment advisor or a broker dealer . this is not an offer to buy or sell securities . no recommendation that the securities of the companies profiled should be purchased , sold or held by individuals or entities that learn of the profiled companies . we were paid $ 27 , 000 in cash by a third party to publish this report . investing in companies profiled is high - risk and use of this information is for reading purposes only . if anyone decides to act as an investor , then it will be that investor ' s sole risk . investors are advised not to invest without the proper advisement from an attorney or a registered financial broker . do not rely solely on the information presented , do additional independent research to form your own opinion and decision regarding investing in the profiled companies . be advised that the purchase of such high - risk securities may result in the loss of your entire investment . the owners of this publication may already own free trading shares in cbyi and may immediately sell all or a portion of these shares into the open market at or about the time this report is published . factual statements are made as of the date stated and are subject to change without notice . not intended for recipients or residents of ca , co , ct , de , id , il , ia , la , mo , nv , nc , ok , oh , pa , ri , tn , va , wa , wv , wi . void where prohibited . copyright c 2001 * * * * * 
2	Subject: warning : autodetect : urgent detect ! clean it now ! auto detect ! spyware loaded , clean it now !  
2	Subject: fw : senior moves in ubs warburg credit risk control - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lisa . feld @ ubsw . com @ enron sent : monday , february 04 , 2002 9 : 54 am to : brackett , debbie r . ; bradford , william s . subject : senior moves in ubs warburg credit risk control _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ forward header _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ subject : senior moves in ubs warburg credit risk control author : corporate communications at ln , c , london , corp - comms date : 2 / 4 / 02 9 : 48 am memorandum 4 february 2002 to : all credit risk control from : john costas , clive standish , marco suter , ian drew senior moves in ubs warburg credit risk control we are pleased to announce two senior moves within ubs warburg credit risk control . these will both become effective april 2002 . philip lofts will move to stamford to take responsibility as chief credit officer , americas . philip has worked for ubs for 18 years and since 1998 has been chief credit officer asia / pacific , working out of first tokyo and then hong kong . prior to moving into crc , philip managed the structured finance business in tokyo , having joined ubs originally in london . in addition to supporting ubs - w with sound credit decision making in a very challenging period in asia , and establishing himself as a valuable member of the regional management team , philip led the crc teams which successfully delivered two key projects to introduce new methodology and technology into crc . philip is deputy to ian drew as ubsw cco , holding his credit authority in his absence . bill glass will assume responsibility as chief credit officer , asia / pacific , based in hong kong . bill has worked within ubs for 16 years and since 1999 has been chief credit officer , americas . bill ' s career has been centred in crc , where he has worked in asia , europe and the united states . he was head of credit in tokyo for 2 years , followed by a period working directly for the ubs group chief credit officer in zurich . prior to his current position he was deputy cco , emea , based in london . bill has been particularly instrumental in supporting the development of the leveraged finance business in ubs - w , a field where his advanced credit decision making skills have been extremely important . please join us in wishing these two experienced risk control professionals success in their new responsibilities . - c . dtf visit our website at http : / / www . ubswarburg . com this message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual named . if you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate , distribute or copy this e - mail . please notify the sender immediately by e - mail if you have received this e - mail by mistake and delete this e - mail from your system . e - mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error - free as information could be intercepted , corrupted , lost , destroyed , arrive late or incomplete , or contain viruses . the sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message which arise as a result of e - mail transmission . if verification is required please request a hard - copy version . this message is provided for informational purposes and should not be construed as a solicitation or offer to buy or sell any securities or related financial instruments . 
2	Subject: ve do you have depression ? prozac can help you . leo prozac is one of the world ' s most widely prescribed antidepressants ; it has been prescribed for more than 40 million people worldwide . chances are , someone you know is getting better because of it . read more  
2	Subject: natural gas nomination for 03 / 00 enron methanol nominates the following requirements for the methanol plant for march 2000 : march lst & 2 nd 32 , 000 mmbtu per day march 3 rd through 12 th 0 mmbtu ( plant down for repairs ) march 13 th through 31 st 32 , 000 mmbtu per day note : natural gas to be bought at the " gas daily mid " due to plant outage for the methanol plant only . egpfc nominates the following for the mtbe plant at morgan ' s point for march 2000 10 , 000 mmbtu per day 
2	Subject: eastrans nominations change effective 2 / 6 / 01 please decrease deliveries to eastrans from 60 , 000 mmbtu / dy to 30 mmbtu / dy for 2 / 6 / 01 . the redeliveries will be 7300 mmbtu / dy from fuels cotton valley and 22700 mmbtu / dy to pg & e 
2	Subject: parameter estimation vince , i have put together a parameter estimation model , which is continuation of tanya ' s model . the estimation process is more consistent now . attached are the model and a brief write - up of the methods . if you see any problem / ways to improve it , please let me know . best , alex 
2	Subject: re : end of quarter funds flow targets louise , i can certainly put this together for you but i ' m not sure it will be of much use - canada has always been considered as " restricted cash " since the ena cannot sweep without cross - border tax implications . as a result , houston in the past has not required any cash flow numbers . please advise , thanks , rob . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 11 : 06 am to : allen , phillip k . ; arnold , john ; arora , harry ; baughman , edward d . ; belden , tim ; black , don ; breslau , craig ; calger , christopher f . ; collonges , remi ; colwell , wes ; davies , derek ; davis , mark dana ; dayao , anthony ; deffner , joseph ; devries , paul ; duran , w . david ; dutt , ranabir ; forster , david ; foster , chris h . ; gonzalez , orlando ; grigsby , mike ; haedicke , mark e . ; herndon , rogers ; josey , scott ; keel , allan ; kishkill , joe ; kitagawa , kyle ; kitchen , louise ; lagrasta , fred ; luce , laura ; martin , thomas a . ; mcdonald , michael ; mcmichael jr . , ed ; miller , don ( asset mktg ) ; milnthorp , rob ; mrha , jean ; neal , scott ; parquet , david ; presto , kevin m . ; redmond , brian ; shively , hunter s . ; sturm , fletcher j . ; swerzbin , mike ; thomas , jake ; thompson , john ; tricoli , carl ; tycholiz , barry ; vickers , frank w . ; whitt , mark ; wiggs , brett ; wolfe , greg ; zipper , andy ; zufferli , john cc : deffner , joseph ; lavorato , john subject : end of quarter funds flow targets as we approach the end of the quarter we are closely monitoring our funds flow targets for enron americas . we would like you to let us know if you are planning to enter into any transactions within your groups which will impact those targets , either positively or negatively . we would like information on all deals which impact significantly our funds flow targets prior to you entering into them . please note that this is not just structured transactions but even a storage transaction where we would be injecting would involve cash going out of enron . enron ' s cash liquidity position is very strong and there is not an issue of whether or not we enter into a transaction but we must ensure we correctly price any transactions and indeed send clear signals to the orginators and traders with regards to our funds flow targets . please let john or louise know if you have any transactions which may occur with funds flow implications . should you need any indications of pricing , please contact joe deffner . louise & john 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . aii listed software is avaiiable for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few examples : - norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 fuli version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguage ! best regards , ardeil  
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; start date : 2 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020302 . txt 
2	Subject: the change you have been waiting for top quality medications along with overnight shipping . zero cost for your personal medical history onour site . we have the price that fits your budget without breaking the bank : ) affordable medications are offfered for pain relief , sexual health , anxiety , depression , heart disease , hypertension , high cholesterol and more other categories on the site . you can enjoy saving brought to you by discount internet pharmacy now . http : / / highlyreliability . com / axt / with your pharmacy , i really get cheap meds without any hassel . no more waiting and wasting of money . - - andy m . in nm indicated below : ( ) the tooth could not be found ( ) it was not a human tooth about ? ' " yates does not want to appear too dogmatic . there is a place for questioning inwinslow townson / apcolts quarterback peyton manning could neverdepside 2 eryngos 2 
2	Subject: aquila header ( meter # 980072 ) - january volumes daren , on january 15 and 16 , hpl bought some gas from western gas resources at the aquila header ( 10 . 000 and 5 . 000 mmbtu ' s respectively ) . this was a late friday change so in order to get it scheduled in pops , the gas was scheduled on the stranger ' s gas contract . however , deal ticket # 143709 was never updated to reflect those late changes . please let me know if you want me to update the deal ticket . thanks , susan . 
2	Subject: seeking your partnership dear partner to be , first , i must apologise to you for using this medium to communicate to you about this project . i am a highly placed official of government of nigeria and also a founding member of the ruling party in power now , the peoples democratic party ( pdp ) . my committee - the niger delta development corporation ( nddc ) - which is in charge of managing and supervising the disbursement of oil sales revenues for the nigerian government . the revenues under our control runs into several hundred of millions of dollars monthly . my self and other colleagues in the nddc are currently in need of a foreign partner with whose bank account we shall transfer the sum of forty nine million five hundred thosand united states dollars ( $ 49 . 5 m ) . this fund accrued to us as commission for oil sales contracts handled under our supervision . the fund is presently waiting in the government account named cbn / fgn independent revenue account number 400 - 939134 with j . p . morgan chase bank , new york . you can do your independent verifictaion of this . however , by virtue of our position as civil servants and members of the nddc , we cannot acquire this funds in our name . this is because as top civil servants , we are not allowed by law of the land to own or operate bank accounts outside our country for now . i have been delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues , to look for an overseas partner in whose account we would transfer the fund hence the reason for this mail . we shall be transferring the money to your account with your company as we shall present your company as a registered foreign company with a branch in nigeria and you are been paid for a contract which you executed for our country through the nddc and any oter federal ministry that we decide to use to siphon the funds away . for your support and partnership , please reply me to negotiate your fees or the percentage you wish to be paid when the funds arrive your bank account . you must however note that this transaction , with regards to our disposition to continue with you , is subject to these terms . firstly , our conviction of your transparency . secondly , that you treat this transaction with utmost secrecy and confidentiality . finally and above all , that you will provide an account that you have absolute control over . the transaction , although discrete , is legitimate and there is no risk or legal disadvantages either to ourselves or yourself now or in the future as we have put in place perfect mchineries that will ensure a hitch free transfer into your account upon acceptance . the transfer will be effected to your account within ten - fourteen ( 10 - 14 ) working days as soon as we reach an agreement and you furnish me with a suitable bank account and company name and address with all your contact numbers including fax number . i am looking forward to doing business with you and do solicit your confidentiality in this transaction , please mail your response to me . yours faithfully , anderson k . eseimoku 
2	Subject: weijun decided not to interview i guess this means " back to the drawing board " . weijun has decided not to interview . lance - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lance cunningham / na / enron on 04 / 18 / 2001 09 : 40 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " ji , weijun " on 04 / 18 / 2001 08 : 06 : 44 am to : " ' lance . cunningham @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : please call me dear lance , thank you very much for all of your help through this process . at present , i am really tied up with mock market activities in austin energy . it would be inappropriate for me to leave at this time since the whole project will be jeopardized . therefore , i decided not coming to houston for an interview . i sincerely apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you . i do appreciate what you did and hope we can keep in touch in the future . thank you again for your help and wish you best . sincerely , weijun ji 
2	Subject: medical essay : deal with your painfull difficulties now did your girlfriend you v , 1 ' c . 0 * d - 1 _ n 75 o m , gg 3 o p ! lls 169 . 0 o 60 pilis 245 . 95 90 pills 319 . oo hurry : http : / / igottohavethisnow . com / indexv . shtml ? aa 5163 same day shlpp 1 ng to stop : http : / / igottohavethisnow . com / please let me know alfonzo bliss tradesman ningbo shuanglin tcm co . , 315153 , china phone : 875 - 418 - 7719 mobile : 849 - 761 - 1767 email : xpmoexken @ azteca . net please do not reply to this message this freeware is a 69 month trial freeware notes : the contents of this message is for understanding and should not be partisan symptomatic bridgeport tactful coarse time : tue , 07 dec 2004 17 : 10 : 54 - 0500 
2	Subject: executive committee weekly meeting executive committee weekly meeting date : monday , june 4 , 2001 time : 11 : 00 a . m . ( cdt ) location : 50 th floor boardroom video : connections will be established with remote locations upon request . conf . call : at & t lines have been reserved . please contact sherri sera ( 713 / 853 - 5984 ) or suzanne danz ( 713 / 853 - 6440 ) for the weekly dial - in number and passcode . please indicate below whether or not you plan to attend this meeting and through what medium . yes , i will attend in person _ _ _ _ _ _ by video conference from _ _ _ _ _ _ by conference call _ _ _ _ _ _ no , i will not attend _ _ _ _ _ _ please return this e - mail to me with your response by 12 : 00 p . m . , friday , june 1 . thank you , suzanne 
2	Subject: oasis on - line daren - - - oasis will be doing away with the temporary passwords for their on - line nom they are encourageing everyone to get on board . let me know what you want to do . i have attached the agreement , and info on the nom / confirm cycles . i have been using it this week and it is pretty user friendly . the reporting capabilities are still being developed , but i am told it should be ready soon . take a look for yourself @ www . oasispipeline . com . . . . . . . . . . logon : north . . . . . password : enron . . . . . . . . currently , no intradays are allowed online ( only by fax / email ) because they want to approve same days , but they are looking at allowing them in the future . - - mark 
2	Subject: 11 - 1 - 01 margin my apoligies for the confusion . please call me right back if this does not agree with what you were thinking . thanks , todd 
2	Subject: best online pills here creamery acolyte mane oat pantry vicinal couple embeddable cayuga need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here imprecision bury anteater sonnet clasp metalwork  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; start date : 1 / 25 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012501 . txt 
2	Subject: february 8 th update jeff / michelle / ken , here ' s the daily update for the 8 th . suzanne - igsupdate . xls 
2	Subject: mail delivery failed : returning message to sender this message was created automatically by mail delivery software . a message that you sent could not be delivered to one or more of its recipients . this is a permanent error . the following address ( es ) failed : woksal @ eunet . yu ( generated from info @ woksal . com ) smtp error from remote mailer after end of data : host relay . eunet . yu [ 194 . 247 . 192 . 179 ] : 554 5 . 6 . 1 we do not accept spam - - - - - - this is a copy of the message , including all the headers . - - - - - - return - path : received : from [ 62 . 21 . 124 . 244 ] ( helo  mailwisconsin . com ) by cpanel 30 . gzo . com with smtp ( exim 4 . 43 ) id ldupnr - 0001 mx - kg for info @ woksal . com ; tue , 19 jul 2005 05 : 57 : 58 - 0500 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815602 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ woksal . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: cera gas flows into ca michelle , attached is an excel worksheet that contains cera ' s natural gas flows into california . rita hartfield phone : 713 - 853 - 5854 fax : 713 - 646 - 4702 cell : 713 - 504 - 5428 rita . hartfield @ enron . com 
2	Subject: analyst comments on developments at enron will bring you hard copies as well . . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jaffry , adil sent : wednesday , august 15 , 2001 5 : 25 pm to : jafry , rahil subject : fyi . . . 
2	Subject: ! ! possible business association ! ! hi , we are an india based limited organization and doing business with u . s and european clients since last over 5 years successfully . the main areas of activities are : 1 ) vb . net / asp . net / c # . net / dotnet based development . 2 ) php / mysql based development ( extensively worked with smarty template engine , oscommerce etc . ) 3 ) graphic art designing 4 ) pre / post sales web / email based customer support ( including technical support ) we can send you a brief powerpoint presentation to show our technical capabilities and about all of our product portfolio ( s ) . at this time we are charging us $ 7 / manhour to us $ 15 / manhour from our existing buyers who have hired people in various departments here and we have fully organized daily reporting system directly from the hired engineers / designers . do let us know , if this is of interest to you or may you require further information . regards , quantum coders limited 205 - 206 - 207 , vishwadeep tower , district centre , janakpuri , new delhi ? 110058 , india p . s . this is an advertisement and a promotional mail strictly on the guidelines of can - spam act of 2003 . we have clearly mentioned the source mail - id of this mail , also clearly mentioned the subject lines and they are in no way misleading in any form . we have found your mail address through our own efforts on the web search and not through any illegal way . if you find this mail unsolicited , please inform us at remove @ qclnet . com and we will take care that you do not receive any further promotional mail .  
2	Subject: hiv , hiv , charset  us - ascii " > save up to 80 % on popular meds ! * * * great specials * * * check it out : khttp : / / www . pmedbadbu . info / 92 / - no doctor visits or hassles - quick delivery to your front door visit us here : khttp : / / www . pmedbadbu . info / 92 / on medication long term ? buy bulk through us and literally save thousands ! fletch awesomecanela wright polo marcus moneylhonda 1 ricky jkm guido sunbird booster diane aylmer fountain chance olivierexpress justinl amelie lamer bmw suzuki front 242 profkleenex xxxx bullet bull wolverinexcalibu new eugene gocougs tina charlott  
2	Subject: partnership petroleum ( special ) trust fundlagos - . request for urgent business proposal . from the desk of : dr . john okoliedear sir , this letter may come to you as a surprise since it iscoming from someone you have not met before . however , we decided to contact you based on asatisfactory information we had about you . i am a medical doctor currently working with thepetroleum trust fund ( ptf ) . i and some of my close andtrusted colleagues need your assistance in thetransfer of us $ 21 . 8 million into any reliableaccountyou may nominate overseas . this fund was generated from over - invoicing ofcontracts executed by the ptf under our control andsupervision . this fund is now ready to be remittedinto any account we put forward for that purpose . whatwe want from you is a good and reliable company orpersonal account into which we shall transfer thisfund . details should include the following : 1 . name of company , address your private telephone fax number . 2 . name of bank address of bank . 3 . account number 4 . beneficiary nameupon receipt of your company bank particulars , anapplication shall be made in your name to the centralbank of nigeria for the approval of the remittance ofthe funds which shall be by swift ( ) copies of the approval and other relevantdocuments shall be faxed to you for yourperusal . please treat as strictly confidential forobvious reasons . the fund will be shared as follows : 1 . 30 % for your assistance 2 . 60 % for myself my colleagues 3 . 10 % forcontingency expenseswe wish to assure you that your involvement should youdecide to assist us , will be well protected , and also , this business , proposal is 100 % risk free as theremittance will be made through the legal procedures . note : your discussions regarding this transactionshould be limited because we are still in governmentservice . we intend to retire peacefully at the end ofthis transaction . let honesty and trust be ourwatchword throughout this transaction and your promptreply will be highly appreciated . thank you for your anticipated cooperation while welook forward to a mutuallybenefiting business relationship with you . best regards . dr . john okoliereply true this 1 @ yahoo . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ya puedes ganar con la bolsa sin arriesgar ni un c?ntimo . nuevo deposito naranja bolsa garantizado de ing directhttp : / / ad . doubleclick . net / clk ; 14721373 ; 7829128 ; m ? http : / / www . ingdirect . es / track / tracker . asp ? medio  wanp & cod  dgo 44 
2	Subject: counterparty exposure here is a list of counterparties with over $ 5 , 000 , 000 mtm risk in the west region . 
2	Subject: meter 1603 daren - meter 1603 for september has a nom of 260 . 000 thru 9 / 26 . the flow is 328 . 817 , a difference of 68 . 817 . sitara does not show who the trader is for this meter . the price is houston ship + . 02 . should the nom be increased ? al 
2	Subject: 8 : 20 trade counts hi louise , gas is trading at the same pace as yesterday . power is almost as slow as yesterday , though . that is particularly bad since yesterday we had the fire alarm in portland . reliant is still going strong , despite yesterday ' s comments . trade date na gas na power total trade cnt 11 / 21 / 2001 804 291 1377 11 / 20 / 2001 873 276 1576 11 / 19 / 2001 653 447 1733 11 / 18 / 2001 6 4 10 11 / 17 / 2001 10 5 15 11 / 16 / 2001 743 507 1960 11 / 15 / 2001 809 439 1904 11 / 14 / 2001 620 377 2164 11 / 13 / 2001 704 475 1729 11 / 12 / 2001 709 370 1718 11 / 11 / 2001 7 2 9 11 / 10 / 2001 5 7 12 11 / 9 / 2001 517 396 1529 11 / 8 / 2001 821 446 1725 11 / 7 / 2001 673 635 1976 11 / 6 / 2001 839 750 2133 11 / 5 / 2001 767 730 2026 11 / 4 / 2001 4 3 7 11 / 3 / 2001 2 15 17 11 / 2 / 2001 987 494 1941 
2	Subject: dynegy - ice vol augl 6 let me know if you have any questions or comments . adam johnson enrononline 713 - 345 - 4877  
2	Subject: real options conference - speaker confirmation dear steven , further to our conversation i am delighted that you will be speaking at the forthcoming real options conference which will take place on monday 27 th & tuesday 28 th november in central london . i have attached the pdf of the conference vince spoke at in february and the draft programme of the november conference . as discussed could you please email me with a suggested talk title and between 5 and 8 bullet points to be included in the conference programme . it would be great if you could emphasise the practicality of your talk and that you will be using your own experience of working with real options at enron as part of the talk . if you do have the delegate list from the iqpc conference it would be useful to see who attended so that we can improve on our marketing for the conference in november . you can either email me or fax it to me on 020 7393 0313 . i look forward to receiving your talk in the next day or so . kind regards julia julia shaw senior conference producer tel : 020 7915 5650 fax : 020 7915 5001 email : jshaw @ iirltd . co . uk web address : www . iir - conferences . com - prog 3 . pdf - talktitles . rtf 
2	Subject: hpl meter # 981052 pasadena plant phillips hpl daren : during the period of 11 / 10 / 99 through 11 / 11 / 99 , the above meter recorded flow of 1 , 613 mmbtus . there was no deal at this meter the month prior or after . currently , logistic has these volumes recorded to hpl strangers gas contract . in order to correct this , hpl logistics needs either a deal to record these volumes which have flowed into hpl ' s pipeline or logistics needs approval to write - off these volumes to unaccounted for gas . ( please print , sign , and return original to clem cernosek ) . approval to write - off the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss or deal / deal ticket # / customer ( buyer / seller ) thanks , clem 
2	Subject: open season results attached are the results of the open season . 
2	Subject: reminder happy new year to all ! don ' t forget to get registered early for this year ' s conference . it promises to be the best yet . the fun stuff is already organized and the program looks to be the best that " trail boss " titman has yet produced . notice the " friendly encouragement " ( translation discount in the registration fee ) for early registration . the conference info and registration form can be found at happy new year and hope to see you in san antonio in april ! john john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: hpl nom . for may 5 - 7 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 505 . xls ) - hplno 505 . xls 
2	Subject: enron year end 2000 performance management process enron ' s year - end 2000 performance management process opens on : wednesday , october 25 th . during this process , you will be able to suggest reviewers who can provide feedback on your performance . in addition , you may be requested to provide feedback on fellow employees . to participate in the feedback process , access the performance management system ( pep ) at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com . your userid and password are provided below . the system will be open for feedback from october 25 th - november 17 th , and help desk representatives will be available to answer questions throughout the process . you may contact the help desk at : houston : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4 london : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4 e - mail : perfmgmt @ enron . com during the year - end prc process , employee profiles will be made available at meetings . if you haven ' t already done so , we encourage you to update your personal information and current responsibilities before the meeting process begins on november 20 th . please access ehronline at http : / / ehronline . enron . com ( london users please go to http : / / home . enron . co . uk , click on quick links , and choose hr online ) . your user id & password are : user id : 90011947 password : welcome 
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . ail listed software is avaiiabie for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd deiivery ! just few examples : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professional with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 including ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native language ! best reqards , theressa  
2	Subject: re : li sun jeff , i met with li sun last night and i shall take her for the first rotation . she comes across as a very smart and highly motivated person . i am planning to go with mark palmer to wharton in october to finalize the deal . vince from : jeffrey a shankman 08 / 23 / 2000 06 : 31 am to : jana giovannini / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : li sun i ' ve asked vince to get involved with you about getting li into vince ' s group . this issue needs to be resolved by week ' s end - - we look like we don ' t have our act together , and that bothers me . especially since we are about to make a significant monetary investment at wharton , and we could have a new wharton recruit disgruntled . vince , can you set up a meeting with you , me and mark palmer to follow up with our meeting with skilling ? thanks very much . . . jeff 
2	Subject: fw : west hourly eol trades - no confirm - - - - - original message - - - - - from : murphy , melissa ann sent : wednesday , august 22 , 2001 2 : 58 pm to : symes , kate subject : re : west hourly eol trades - no confirm kate , kimberly hundl called torrey moorer in eol and told him that these deals needed to default to " no " on confirmation letter . duong luu from the enpower team just called me and they are trying to get this change done today . thanks for your help . melissa - - - - - original message - - - - - from : symes , kate sent : wednesday , august 22 , 2001 4 : 38 pm to : murphy , melissa ann ; hundl , kimberly ; cason , sharen ; thompson , kerri ; piwetz , stephanie ; indelicato , kimberly ; smith , amy cc : williams iii , bill subject : west hourly eol trades - no confirm importance : high to all - as you may already know , the short term west hourly desk began trading the enron online hourly market on monday . these deals should be treated just like all short term west hourly deals - they do not need to be confirmed . unfortunately , it seems the eol application created for us is defaulting to " yes - confirm , " and west hourly deals are being pulled into your batches of confirmation letters . i ' ve spoken with the eol help desk about changing this default setting , and they ' ve informed me that it may take a day or two to make that change . in the meantime , i wanted to make you aware of these deals ' existence . you will be seeing larger numbers of trades from the short term west hourly desk in the future , and many of these will be made on eol . again , these should be treated as with any other west hourly deal and do not need to be confirmed . please let me know if you have any questions about this . i ' ll let you know as soon as i ' ve heard more conclusive information from eol . and thanks for your help . kate symes real time trading support 503 - 464 - 3939 
2	Subject: so . . . you were looking for a one night stand afterall . . . ? ? dc 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 7 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010907 . txt 
2	Subject: fw : * master netting assignments carol st . clair eb 4539 713 - 853 - 3989 ( phone ) 713 - 646 - 8537 ( fax ) 281 - 382 - 1943 ( cell phone ) 8774545506 ( pager ) 281 - 890 - 8862 ( home fax ) carol . st . clair @ enron . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : heard , marie sent : wednesday , october 31 , 2001 4 : 35 pm to : aronowitz , alan ; clark , morris ; davis , angela ; del vecchio , peter ; douglas , stephen h . ; evans , mark ( london legal ) ; gray , barbara n . ; hansen , leslie ; heard , marie ; hendry , brent ; hodge , jeffrey t . ; jones , tana ; keohane , peter ; koehler , anne c . ; lech kalembka ( e - mail ) ; leite , francisco pinto ; mccullough , travis ; mellencamp , lisa ; murphy , harlan ; murray , julia ; nemec , gerald ; portz , david ; rick antonoff ( e - mail ) ; rohauer , tanya ; sager , elizabeth ; sayre , frank ; shackleton , sara ; simons , paul ; st . clair , carol ; van hooser , steve ; viverito , john ; williams , jason r ( credit ) cc : cook , mary subject : * master netting assignments attached is an updated list of master netting assignments . 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual flow for 03 / 06 / 01 we agree " eileen ponton " on 03 / 07 / 2001 10 : 55 : 26 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 03 / 06 / 01 date nom flow - mcf flow - mmbtu 3 / 06 35 , 000 34 , 730 35 , 668 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: re : meter 0980438 - acock production ? ? ? ? ? ? daren / vance : any light you could shed on this would be appreciated . mary - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary poorman / na / enron on 10 / 23 / 2000 01 : 31 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fred boas @ ect 10 / 23 / 2000 01 : 21 pm to : mary poorman / na / enron @ enron cc : nick moshou / corp / enron @ enron , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 0980438 - acock production ? ? ? ? ? ? mary : have you heard anything back from vance taylor on this issue ? i get the feeling that this is soon going to reach " critical mass " . fred nick moshou @ enron 10 / 23 / 2000 01 : 05 pm to : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect cc : cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect , kristen j hanson / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 0980438 - acock production ? ? ? ? ? ? any progress on this issue ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by nick moshou / corp / enron on 10 / 23 / 2000 08 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - nick moshou 10 / 12 / 2000 07 : 57 am to : fred boas / hou / ect @ ect cc : cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : meter 0980438 - acock production ? ? ? ? ? ? fred , could you give me the status or an eta on this meter . we are in the middle of a big push to lower our exposure and the following customer has $ 55 , 000 not including sept production because we ' ve paid manually without having the volumes in unify for this meter . thanks , nick x 36454 
2	Subject: access to mary solmonson ' s e - mail please allow sally beck ( md - energy ops @ net works ) to have access to mary solmonson ' s e - mails from 3 / 1 / 01 to present . sally wants to be able to address any e - mails which reference services or information from her business unit . hector g . mcloughlin , phr human resources enron net works office : 713 - 853 - 6703 
2	Subject: fax numbers for interstate gas services , inc . please note the following fax numbers for personnel at interstate gas services , inc . ( igs ) . fax no . 925 - 243 - 0357 should be used for the following employees : mark baldwin larry robinson gwen soong fax no . 92 - 243 - 0349 should be used for the following employees : joy young suzanne mcfadden brenda buxa johnnie painter thank you ! 
2	Subject: a colossal and dangerous failure - cera alert - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorna brennan / et & s / enron on 01 / 11 / 2001 08 : 41 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - webmaster @ cera . com on 01 / 10 / 2001 05 : 02 : 25 pm to : messages @ cera . com cc : subject : a colossal and dangerous failure - cera alert title : a colossal and dangerous failure url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 & m  2185 overview : western energy  * california governor stays the course california governor gray davis provided his strongest public statements to date regarding the state  , s power crisis in his annual state of the state address on january 8 , 2001 . echoing many of his previous positions on what he perceives as a flawed and unfair california market structure , the governor labeled the state  , s electricity market system a colossal and dangerous failure . among other actions , he launched new initiatives valued at $ 1 billion to encourage conservation , provide financing and land to new generators , grant authority to utilities to engage in a portfolio of transactions to manage electricity costs , and increase regulatory scrutiny of existing market suppliers . the governor also called for a greater role for the state in overseeing and constructing new power plants . the governor acknowledged that the actions proposed are only some of the steps necessary to put california on the road to recovery . details regarding sources of funding for the initiative are still forthcoming . although he stated that california  , s investor - owned utilities must not be allowed to go bankrupt , no formal plan for ensuring their solvency was given . the financial community continues to lack the assurance it requires to continue to provide financial backing for pacific gas and electric and southern california edison . at this time the state legislature remains the body most likely to guarantee their solvency . the governor again criticized the federal energy regulatory commission for what he believes has been its failure to manage and restrain properly the wholesale market . merchant plant generators were accused of gouging the state , and it was suggested that these generators acted illegally in their operations , jeopardizing the reliability of the power grid . new , more severe sanctions were promised for those caught withholding power or extracting what investigators find as unreasonable profits . a los angeles times poll released the morning before the governor  , s address indicated that the majority of californians still do not believe there is an energy crisis . although the 33 percent growth in the state  , s economy over the past ten years has nearly outstripped the state  , s and surrounding region  , s supplies of power , the bulk of the governor  , s statements continue to focus on the culpability of power producers , rather than the serious supply shortfall . though the governor introduced steps to fund and facilitate the construction of new generating plants , increased regulatory scrutiny and the threat of sanctions will exacerbate the concern already expressed by plant developers and the financial community that the investment climate in california is excessively risky . * * end * * follow above url for complete report . come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001 , " shooting the rapids : strategies and risks for the energy future " in houston , february 12 - 16 , 2001 ! for more information and to register , please visit http : / / www 20 . cera . com / ceraweek / e - mail category : alert cera knowledge area ( s ) : western energy , to make changes to your cera . com account go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: december giveaway _ ms money 2004 winter software sale we have everything ! windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 microsoft office xp pro 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 more here assault esprit forgeinaudible glamorous haystackhorrify tooth woodyviet covariant cooleyformatted anyplace insubstantialvalois peruse debug discipletransportation 
2	Subject: proven advice to stop smoking the dog the truth i do not stretch or shove when i state the dog is full of love . i ' ve also proved , by actual test , a wet dog is the lovingest . fistezezest cunakang qbmjpvsh hothoxi jju - efnplsjupt - hs kuthuejacew ndandapushi jundebaj evunetaf mostubiw nondo zewingafawi  
2	Subject: the most expensive car sold in graand ! cheap cars in graand ! 
2	Subject: what do you think dion , check i out . . it ' sll help you get ur unit from five 2 eight inc hes you won ' t regret it . http : / / www . vic 23 . info / n / heya / napkin . naples t wfitwy dante busby napoleon napoleonic gqyvgwalgt fndjtu gvfrrlxs pif  
2	Subject: [ ilug - social ] best replica goods - best prices * * * free bonus offer - see below * * * we can supply top quality , virtually identical replicas of just about anything - from watches to wallets , from lighters to lingerie , clothing , accessories , even electrical goods . all your favorite designer labels reproduced at a fraction of the price . all major credit cards accepted . worldwide certified shipping . quality guaranteed . we are currently building our catalog so let us know that you want to receive notification when our on - line catalog is published later this month to qualify for a great free bonus offer . * * * free bonus : register now for our catalog and receive one pair of designer replica sunglasses ( our regular price $ 15 ) & check out the quality of our goods free of charge * * * for more information email : replicas @ fastnetspain . net register now to be sure you don ' t miss out ! ! ! to remove from future mailings email : noreplicas @ fastnetspain . net register now to be sure you don ' t miss out ! ! ! - - irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: re : prof . carmona vince , my apologies for the late response - and thank you for your input . yannis - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : tuesday , march 06 , 2001 3 : 15 pm to : yannis tzamouranis / hou / ect @ enron cc : kaminski , vince ; mark tawney / hou / ect @ enron ; shanbhogue , vasant subject : prof . carmona yannis , i have looked at the outline of the proposed course and find that practically all the topics of the program are the staple of what we do every day . i don ' t think research should spend money for this class . if we want to establish a relationship , we can easily do it by asking him to work on a research project . vince 
2	Subject: fw : removal of unsecured limits and requesting security do we need to respond ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " kenny foo " @ enron sent : thursday , november 01 , 2001 5 : 36 pm to : otto , randy ; wbradfo @ ect . enron . com cc : ron manitowich ; gary gault subject : removal of unsecured limits and requesting security hi randy , bill . as per our discussion this afternoon randy , enron corp . ( enron ) has deteriorated further in the market place and the recent downgrade of enron by s & p to bbb , although not completely a surprise , is still disconcerting . i applaud enron ' s effort in obtaining additional bank lines to shore up liquidity but am disappointed that your pipeline assets had to be pledge in support of same . additionally , moody ' s and s & p have stated publicly that further downgrade is possible . i would like to remind you that ngx does not provide any unsecured lines to entities who are rated below bbb . as you well know , given ngx ' s size and the fact that ngx needs to keep the integrity of the exchange intact , we have no option but to inform you of the following . accordingly , please be advised that effective immediately enron canada corp ( ecc ) will no longer have any unsecured lines here at ngx ( reference attached contracting party ' s agreement , schedule c , para 3 . 0 . a ) . we respectfully request that ecc provide collateral ( preferably irrevocable letter of credit , else registered interest in cash ) by the close of business day monday , november 5 , 2001 ( reference contracting party ' s agreement , schedule c , para 8 . 1 ) . as i said , if some other counterparty was in the position you are in right now , you would expect us to do what it takes to keep the exchange safe / intact / whole at all times . please call if you have any questions . kenny foo credit and risk manager ngx financial inc 140 - 4 avenue sw , suite 2330 calgary , alberta , t 2 p 3 n 3 ph : ( 403 ) 974 - 1737 fx : ( 403 ) 974 - 1719 attachment : - cpa _ schedule c . pdf 
2	Subject: important news hey visioson @ hpp . za . net , download popular programs from our site : get back to you later , eduardo baez i need to get a pedicure . my feet smell and itch . 1 . 
2	Subject: altos na gas model kim , i know you have been interested in the development of a long term natural gas model for use in the ets revenue management effort . i agree that the ability to model various supply / demand scenarios for north america should prove useful in ets business development efforts , and in particular , in predicting the impact of the new , large alaskan gas supplies on the n . a . pipeline grid . as you know , vince kaminski feels that a software product developed by dale nesbitt ( marketpoint , inc . ) of los altos hills , ca . may be a good choice , and one readily available in a relatively short time . marketpoint has proposed that they work with us in our offices for a week of intensive training and testing , so we can make a more informed decision before ordering the software . they have proposed a charge of $ 12 , 000 , plus expenses , for the one - week session , with that cost applied to the first year ' s subscription price ( approx . $ 55 - 60 m / yr ) should we decide to go forward . the other details ( timing , ene resources required , necessary it interface , etc ) still need to be worked out , but i believe there is generally a consensus to proceed with the test . with my recent relocation to the clean fuels group , i will no longer be responsible for the alaskan pipeline development . however , danny mccarty is pulling together a team consisting of people from nng , nbp and elsewhere in ets to push the project forward . i believe eric gadd will be playing a key role as well . the decision on the long term gas model should appropriately be made by the new project team . i have attached a draft of the proposed marketpoint license agreement . it has not yet been fully reviewed by legal ( or by shelley c . for the " affiliate " issues ) . let me know if i can provide any other background or assistance . jng 
2	Subject: naturally irresistible your corporate identity lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstandlng webslte will make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a ioqo your company wiil automaticaliy become a world ieader : it isguite clear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: january nominations at shell deer park fyi . al - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 01 / 16 / 2001 11 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary poorman @ enron 01 / 16 / 2001 08 : 23 am to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : january nominations at shell deer park - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary poorman / na / enron on 01 / 16 / 2001 08 : 23 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " shankster jl ( luther ) " on 12 / 19 / 2000 03 : 32 : 26 pm to : " ' lamphier , gary ' " cc : " carter , john " , " ricks , ruth " , kyle . r . lilly @ enron . com , mary . poorman @ enron . com subject : january nominations at shell deer park gary , january 2001 nominations for gas delivery to shell deer park are as follows : firm baseload - 110 , 000 mmbtu / d spot swing supply - 0 ( zero ) delivery of the above contract quantities is expected to be as follows : hpl - hp hpl - e hpl - s firm 35 , 000 mmbtu / d 40 , 000 mmbtu / d 35 , 000 mmbtu / d on or about january 7 th we are currently planning on beginning our much anticipated scheduled turnaround work . natural gas demand is expected to decrease with hpl ' s portion being 20 , 000 mmbtu / d coming primarily out of the hp / e station . this will leave total demand at 90 , 000 mmbtu / d for the remainder of the month . please let me know if you have any questions j . luther shankster energy & utilities planning > phone : 713 / 277 - 9307 > fax : 713 / 277 - 9941 > e - mail : jlshankster @ equiva . com > home page : http : / / rsweb > > 
2	Subject: improve your health today for free as seen on nbc , cbs , cnn and even oprah ! the health discovery that actually reverses aging while burning fat , without dieting or exercise ! this proven discovery has even been reported on by the new england journal of medicine . forget aging and dieting forever ! and it ' s guaranteed ! receive up to 2 full month ' s supplies absolutely free ! http : / / bbb 999 . biz / h kill the ssp * m by going here : http : / / f . bbb 999 . biz / re it ' s time for the human race to enter the solar system .  
2	Subject: buy here for cheap spatial whelp new week end viagra . . . cialis . . . . . lasts upto 48 hours upto 70 % off ! ! ! buy from us now today http : / / fvyg . lawwerk . com even in this most explored of egypt ' s archaeological sites . notes the astonishing announcement . for treasure , the tomb probably won ' t come to close to tut ' s to brew beer and make glass . their system of counting in units of 60 is  
2	Subject: re : revised cover memo i know - - clueless wonder lost it in cyberspace - - it has been resent . are you and marcus dropping by tomorrow ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : mon 12 / 31 / 2001 9 : 20 am to : cash , michelle ; lavorato , john cc : schuler , lance ( legal ) ; oxley , david ; mary . jean . potenzone @ weil . com subject : re : revised cover memo no attachment - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cash , michelle sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 9 : 11 am to : lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise cc : schuler , lance ( legal ) ; oxley , david ; mary . jean . potenzone @ weil . com subject : revised cover memo john and louise , i have taken john ' s draft and added a few thoughts , including the issue of what happens if there is not a new agreement with counterparty ( the enron agreement remains in effect ) , the possibility that the new entity may not hire everyone , and the concept that they transfer to the new entity upon closing . let me know your thoughts . michelle 
2	Subject: re : suggestion : implementing var based on non - normal log - returns simulations vince , sorry , the files from that directory get deleted periodically . i attached this file here . rabi did some analysis related to implementation of correlated non - normally ( rtdm - distributed ) variables . let ' s discuss later ? tanya . vince j kaminski 12 / 22 / 2000 05 : 58 pm to : tanya tamarchenko / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : suggestion : implementing var based on non - normal log - returns simulations tanya , i could not locate the file . vince tanya tamarchenko 12 / 07 / 2000 01 : 17 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , rabi de / na / enron @ enron , jaesoo lew / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : suggestion : implementing var based on non - normal log - returns simulations everybody , we were talking for a while about using non - normal distributions in the monte - carlo simulations in our var model . i put together some suggestion regarding this . the text is under o : \ _ dropbox \ tanya \ non _ normal _ logs . doc look through this 3 page document , and let me know what you think , please . tanya 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; start date : 1 / 3 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected . variances detected in load schedule . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010321 . txt - - - - load schedule - - - - $ $ $ variance found in table tblloads . details : ( hour : 21 / preferred : 17 . 51 / final : 17 . 48 ) trans _ type : final load _ id : pge 4 mkt _ type : 2 trans _ date : 1 / 3 / 02 sc _ id : enrj 
2	Subject: fw : kick this looks painful ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : almaguer , michael sent : wednesday , may 23 , 2001 9 : 32 am to : glover , rusty subject : fw : kick importance : high - - - - - original message - - - - - from : almaguer , daniel ( us - dallas ) [ mailto : dalmaguer @ deloitte . com ] sent : wednesday , may 23 , 2001 7 : 58 am to : ' malmaguer @ halff . com ' ; ' carmen . martinez @ globalknowledge . com ' ; ' eric . silva @ homecomings . com ' subject : fw : kick importance : high waassup big worm , send this to mom . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : rosales , rudy ( us - irving ) sent : wednesday , may 23 , 2001 7 : 34 am to : moore , phillip ( us - dallas ) ; lollar , eric ( us - dallas ) ; watson , kelvin ( us - dallas ) ; briden , chris ( us - dallas ) ; kapka , cory ( us - dallas ) ; lenerose , shaun ( us - dallas ) ; brown , shannon ( us - dallas ) ; almaguer , daniel ( us - dallas ) ; kelley , dan ( us - dallas ) ; scalf , mitch ( us - irving ) ; watts , linda ( us - dallas ) ; watts , james ( us - dallas ) ; pittman , francie ( us - irving ) ; stephenson , aubrey ( us - irving ) ; ' sonia . guzman @ gadzooks . com ' subject : fw : kick - - kick this message ( including any attachments ) contains confidential information intended for a specific individual and purpose , and is protected by law . if you are not the intended recipient , you should delete this message and are hereby notified that any disclosure , copying , or distribution of this message , or the taking of any action based on it , is strictly prohibited . > - kick . mpeg 
2	Subject: hpl meter # 989824 decker laureles farm c / p daren : on 1 / 25 / 2000 the above meter has recorded flow of 18 mmbtus into hpl ' s pipeline . currently , the volume is booked to hpl strangers gas contract . logistics needs approval to write - off this volume to unaccounted for gas . ( please print , sign , and return original to clem cernosek ) . approval to write - off the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss the above meter was a new meter effective 1 / 1 / 2000 , and therefore , the volume flowing into hpl was probably caused by putting the meter in service . thanks , clem 
2	Subject: new love tabs shop . visit our llcensed online dragstore for the best inexpensive love drags ! viagra , ciaiis , softtabs and many other love enhancers aii in one ! operative support , fast shipping , secure payment processing and complete confidentiality ! click here to find your verifled by bbb and approved by visa iove pil 1 !  
2	Subject: marketing services / scheduling daren , thinking about robert ' s little memo yesterday and along the lines of pulling the marketing ( sitara ) function back to your side of the fence i think a strong case could be made in favor of that idea . it is obvious that several people are involved in changing tickets , pathing , nominating , and confirming the industrials . this dissipates the knowledge base and the responsibility factor . it is a " who ' s on first " issue . if the responsibility to ensure pricing , volume , and accomplishment of market intent is accurately depicted , and in sitara , is in your shop then the schedulers could concentrate on the accuracy and correctness of unify and pops . i ' m sure this would help volume management and client services immensely . as the skill level rises in this area you could then gradually feed more and more of the marketing function ( sitara ) to the scheduling group in the hopes they would then have a better understanding of the overhaul picture . i believe the current situation is too much , too fast , for scheduling to handle all at once . it has also created a situation where robert seems to think not only that he has all the segments mastered , but that he is the only person that should be involved in the industrials . i will support whatever direction you want to go on this issue , but if you and pat leave things the way they are please explain to both robert and pat that others may be involved in the industrial activity and that is quite alright . once again , thanks for listening . ken - attl . htm 
2	Subject:  the only solution to penis enlargement nzzbqhbitmt lpktcwcmvgtg limited offer : add at least 3 inches or get your money back ! cfgduybiocan rhoxlibcauk we are so sure our product works we are willing to prove it by offering a free trial bottle + a 100 % money back guarantee upon purchase if you are not satisfied with the results . - - - > click here to learn more - - - also check out our * brand new * product : penis erection oil comes with the 100 % money back warranty as well ! koyvtsclnwdf cyynascqvqw xyvoqldtkmr ikoogybhmxdc ohdgnianbq hyxziccxes no more offers 
2	Subject: re : hello from vince kaminski at enron vince , thank you for forwarding the following messages . i am sorry that i am just now getting back to you , my lotus notes was down all afternoon yesterday . we currently have the cal berkeley general presentation set for wednesday , october 18 th at 7 : 00 p . m . which works out well because it is just prior to the time deadline for students to submit their resumes . the general presentation is a general overview of enron , the program , the interview process , as well as a chance for students to meet and chat with enron reps . since this is the first year that we are recruiting from cal berkeley , i think that it is important that i attend this event on campus so that i can answer any interview process questions . i will check the schedule and see if it is possible to move the presentation to the 23 rd . the only negative is that i will not be able to attend because i will be conducting interviews at rice that day . also , it is very difficult to find a location to hold the presentation , and i need to check on location availability on the 23 rd . however , i do think that we should take advantage of the seminar on campus . this may mean that they are two seperate trips to campus . perhaps , we can also set up some other presentations for the 23 rd or even the monday prior . although i would like to be able to attend the class / seminar presentations , i don ' t think that it is as vital as the general presentation . what are your thoughts ? thanks , ashley vince j kaminski @ ect 08 / 24 / 2000 08 : 58 am to : " shmuel oren " cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ashley baxter / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron shmuel , thanks for the message . i am working with our recruiter , ashley baxter , to finalize the date of the trip . i shall shoot for october the 23 rd if this date works for the rest of our team . vince " shmuel oren " on 08 / 23 / 2000 11 : 46 : 19 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron dear vince . i sent you a reply earlier this month but i haven ' t heard from you about the date of your visit . our department has a seminar every monday . if you can schedule your visit on a monday i would like to invite you to give a seminar which will be attended by many of our graduate students and faculty and will give you an opportunity to tell them about your program . with sufficient lead - time i can advertise the seminar in the hass school to their financial engineering students . shmuel . shmuel s . oren , professor dept . of industrial engineering and operations research 4117 etcheverry hall university of california berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777 e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484 fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : to : ; ; sent : tuesday , august 08 , 2000 10 : 59 am subject : hello from vince kaminski at enron > shmuel , > > i hope you remember me . i visited you together with aram sogomonian , a > good friend of mine , a few years ago . i am currently responsible , among > other things , for recruiting graduates with finance and / or technical > backgrounds at the university of berkeley . i would be glad to give you a > call and talk more about the details of our program . my colleague , > ashleybaxter , from the analyst / associate program at enron would join me > as well . > > i am sending you a copy of the brochure about the analyst / associate > program . > > vince kaminski > > > vincent kaminski > managing director - research > enron corp . > 1400 smith street > room ebl 962 > houston , tx 77002 - 7361 > > phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848 > fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503 > e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com > 
2	Subject: re : university of texas conference on energy finance , february 2001 vince , i am checking the date on jeff ' s calendar ( i ' m assuming the date is february 22 ? ) . i am holding that date whole week for a trip abroad , but i think we have some flexibility on that and am checking it out . i ' ll be back in touch as soon as i ' ve resolved that . srs vince j kaminski @ ect 09 / 20 / 2000 11 : 41 am to : jeff skilling / corp / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , richard causey / corp / enron @ enron subject : university of texas conference on energy finance , february 2001 jeff , our friends at the university of texas are planning a conference on energy economics and finance in february of next year . they would like very much to have you as a keynote speaker . given our good , long - term relationship with ut , i would recommend that you speak at this conference . i talked to prof . ehud ronn a few times about the program and i think that this will be an excellent forum to present enron ' s accomplishments and agenda for the future . i am sure that rick causey will join me in making the same recommendation . vince 
2	Subject: lp get fully functional program disc at the best prices at discount store , customers can order quality programs on office administration , operation system , programming , finance , graphic design and processing . we stock more high level pc program discs on our site at greater savvings than you may find at your local store . don ' t miss the sale on computer programs and check them online . we are convenient program discs solution . all of our supplies are high level gauranteed . looking for low priced pc program discs ? let our low priced and high level products meet your needs . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lida @ pgmm . com [ mailto : elliott @ fwc . com ] sent : friday , march 0 , 2004 3 : 72 pm to : garret ; cher @ pfv . com ; arnette ; charlott ; xiomara subject : power of saving - - hundreds of the pc operation system game that was all but lost . and as a bright , young coach who may one day use this job as a guy whose only forte is recruiting . fair enough . the man has put the program back on the national and grit enough of the latter to stage yesterday ' s comeback . ruvk . ruvklqr . qro 0 vla . vla  
2	Subject: [ wrenches ] 68 % off dreamweaver mx 2004 flier alienation our offer : windows xp pro office xp professional . . . $ 80 http : / / www . icbflfk . info / ? kzgpmffukily _ 2 k 7 aoa 21 dc : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 + illustrator 10 . . . $ 120 dreamwaver mx 2004 , flash mx 2004 . . . $ 100 wwdoins xp professional . . . $ 50 + hrndeud tilets more . jakarta museums evidently greengrocer falls sociologists prizer gallons ephraim piggybacks documentations repetitious pontific bluing mien eightfold stairways rumply milan mere industrials safeguard  
2	Subject: cnet reviews : results we have all your favorite programs at incredibly low pr ! ces brand new legal software at affordable pr ! ces ! windows x . p professional + office x * p professi 0 nal for as low as 8 o $ click now : http : / / nightcap . xpforyou . com / the stock is limited the offer is valid till december 29 th regards , cesar gibson brewer bioventure consulting gmbh , niedernjesa , 37133 , germany phone : 181 - 571 - 6411 mobile : 891 - 394 - 7169 email : dfzcsuvj @ worldpassage . net please do not reply to this message this file is a 59 minute usage shareware notes : the contents of this reply is for manipulation and should not be dull corvette crucible bowditch placeholder time : fri , 24 dec 2004 09 : 19 : 04 - 0500 
2	Subject: get 250 full - color business cards free we take your privacy very seriously and it is our policy never to send unwanted email messages . this message has been sent to gibbs @ midrange . com because you are a member of consumer today or you signed up with one of our marketing partners . to unsubscribe , simply click here ( please allow 3 - 5 business days for your unsubscribe request to be processed ) . questions or comments - send them to customerservice @ consumertoday . net .  
2	Subject: eol dan , i am forwarding you the summary of the information for eol that we can provide . i shall talk to risk magazine to settle the copyright issues . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 05 / 25 / 2000 05 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : mike a roberts 05 / 25 / 2000 02 : 56 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : eol vince - as a follow - up to this afternoon ' s telephone conversation , the following four categories of information were discussed with dan diamond for inclusion in the research group ' s contribution to eol content : 1 . published articles authored by research group members a . mostly risk magazine stuff b . copyright issues 2 . research intelligence articles a . backlog of around 50 articles b . needs screening prior to release c . review system in place for future articles d . weekly 3 . technical analysis a . cross commodity analyses b . intranet material ready for internet c . generic informative content available 4 . streaming video of weather a . daily 2 - 3 minutes capsule b . toned - down verson of whats given to traders c . energy - focused - - mike 
2	Subject: monthly west / pacific northwest economic forecast - august 2001 please forward all questions or comments regarding this report to g . britt whitman at ex : 54014 or kristin walsh at ex : 39510 . 
2	Subject: k ' s needed @ 98 - 1534 and 98 - 6725 98 - 1534 is on the 215 k for 3 / 2000 but is only good for 3 / 1 - 3 / 1 in sitara , on deal # 163005 . can you see if it is o . k . to extend the deal for the rest of the month ? it has flow every day after the lst . 98 - 6725 is also on the 215 k for 3 / 2000 . the sitara deal # is 214948 and covers every day except for day 16 . can you also see if it is o . k . to extend the deal to cover this day ? thanks - jackie - 3 - 9497 
2	Subject: re : key contacts . . . . c i will forward you the appropriate operational people ' s contact names and numbers next week . brian - can you give me the list of contacts that you would like to submit . . . . thanks - - - - - original message - - - - - from : john . malowney @ enron . com [ mailto : john . malowney @ enron . com ] sent : friday , june 29 , 2001 9 : 48 am to : jamieshand @ aec . ca cc : stacy . runswick @ enron . com ; cara . semperger @ enron . com ; diana . scholtes @ enron . com ; bill . williams . iii @ enron . com subject : re : key contacts . . . . c jamie ; i wanted to exchange crucial phone numbers and contacts with you . if you ' ll reciprocate with key contacts for express pipeline i would appreciate it . if for some reason i am unavailable and you wish to either purchase or sell mw volumes , please feel free to contact diana scholtes on ( 503 ) 464 - 3807 . our pre - schedule ( one day or longer scheduling requirements ) phone number is 1 - 877 - 464 - 7779 . the two ladies most involved with scheduling loads in the montana region are stacy runswick ( 503 ) 464 - 3747 and cara semperger ( 503 ) 464 - 3814 . our 24 - hour real - time ( less than one day up to the next hour ) phone number is 1 - 800 - 684 - 1336 you have my office phone number ( 503 ) 464 - 2270 and my cellular phone number is ( 503 ) 701 - 0295 . i do not anticipate you needing anyone ' s number but my own , nor do i anticipate having to contact anyone but you , but i did want to exchange this information just in case . once again we appreciate the opportunity to serve your montana loads , and look forward to working together in the future . john 
2	Subject: dont be a fool to spend hundred on software , i can help mensural your needed soffttwares at rock bottom prri ce ! - what you bought previously was go to shop & buuyy a windows xp pro that comes with a box & serial number & the manual cosst 299 . 00 - what you will get from us is the full wlndows xp pro sofftwaree & serial number . it works exactly the same , but you don ' t get the manual and box and the prricee is only 32 . 00 . that is a savviing of 254 . 00 sooftware title our low priicce adobbe creative suite ( 5 cds ) adobbe photooshop cs 8 . 0 ( 1 cd ) 3 d studio max 6 . 0 ( 3 cds ) adobbe premiere pro 7 . 0 ( 1 cd ) alias wavefront maya 5 . 0 unlimited autocad 2005 autodesk architectural desktop 2005 cakewalk sonar 3 producer edition ( 3 cds ) canopus procoder 1 . 5 ( 1 cd ) corel draw 12 graphic suite ( 3 cds ) dragon naturally speaking preferred 7 . 0 macromedia dreamweaver mx 2004 v 7 . 0 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 v 7 . 0 macromedia flash mx 2004 v 7 . 0 professional macromedia studio mx 2004 ( 1 cd ) microsoft money 2004 deluxe ( 1 cd ) microsoft office 2003 system professional ( 5 cds ) microsoft office 2003 multilingual user interface pack ( 2 cds ) microsoft project 2002 pro microsoft publisher xp 2002 microsoft visio for enterprise architects 2003 microsoft windows xp corporate edition with spl microsoft windows xp professional norton antivirus 2004 pro norton systemworks pro 2004 ( 1 cd ) omnipage 14 office ( 1 cd ) pinnacle impression dvd pro 2 . 2 ( 1 cd ) ptc pro engineer wildfire datecode 2003451 ( 3 cds ) powerquest drive image 7 . 01 multilanguage ( 1 cd ) ulead dvd workshop 2 . 0 microsoft visual studio . net 2003 enterprise architect ( 8 cds ) winfax pro 10 . 03 and more soft wares - have 850 soft ware titles on our site for u 55 . 00 32 . 00 50 . 00 32 . 00 40 . 00 32 . 00 32 . 00 36 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 25 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 30 . 00 50 . 00 20 . 00 40 . 00 25 . 00 32 . 00 20 . 00 25 . 00 40 . 00 32 . 00 20 . 00 20 . 00 25 . 00 25 . 00 40 . 00 20 . 00 20 . 00 93 . 00 20 . 00 download your sofftwaares from our superfast ( 100 mbits connection ) site & you will be given your own exclusive registration key to register the sofftwaares you bought from us , and now you have your own registered copy of sofftwaares ( will never expired again ) it ' s oem version of sofftwaares which is an original / genuine sofftwaares , strictly no piracy sofftwaares over 850 popular titles for you to choose fromact quick now before all soldstart using your needed sofftwaares now   c l i c k - h e r e   ( plz give 2 - 3 mins to complete the page loading bcos the page has 850 titles on it ) take me down  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 12 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; start date : 1 / 12 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 22 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011222 . txt 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? win _ notice ?  uk / afro / aussie lottery headquarters : customer service 21 - holdgate close manchester ml 5 5 ep , u . k . tel : + 44 704 011 0653 ref : eaasl / 941 oyi / 04 batch : 03 / 12 / oct / 2004 winning notification we happily announce to you the draw of the computer generated e - mail addresses at stake uk / afro / australia sweepstake lottery international programs held on the lst of october 2004 in nairobi kenya . your e - mail address attached to software generated ticket alphanumeric : 826 78549 xvd 33154 with serial number 4532 / 04 drew the lucky numbers 32 - 49 - 02 - 27 - 16 - 50 - 41 , which subsequently won you the lottery in the 3 rd category . you have therefore been approved to claim a total sum of us $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( five hundred thousand united states dollars ) in cash credited to file kwp / 8934511345 / 04 . this is from a total cash prize of us $ 50 million dollars , shared amongst the first one hundred ( 100 ) lucky winners in this category . please note that your lucky winning number falls within our afro / asia booklet representative office in europe , in conjunction with africa loto pay center . in view of this , your us $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( five hundred thousand united states dollars ) would be released to you by our financial bankers in edinburgh scotland . our european agent will immediately commence the process to facilitate the release of your winnings as soon as you contact him . all participants were selected randomly from world wide web site through computer draw system and extracted from over 500 , 000 companies . this promotion takes place bimonthly . please take notice , to file for your claim , please contact our fiduciary agent : mrs . tanya smith email : tanya - lottery - pay @ tiscali . co . uk to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , please quote your reference / batch numbers in any correspondences with our designated agent or us . congratulations once more from all members and staffs of this program . thank you for being part of our promotional lottery program . sincerely , mr . garret s . harrington uk / afro / australia . ( coordinator ) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * adsl illimite tiscali + telephone gratuit * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * surfez 40 fois plus vite pour 30 eur / mois seulement ! et t?l?phonez partout en france gratuitement , vers les postes fixes ( hors num?ros sp?ciaux ) . tarifs tr?s avantageux vers les mobiles et l ' international ! pour profiter de cette offre exceptionnelle , cliquez ici : http : / / register . tiscali . fr / adsl ( voir conditions sur le site ) 
2	Subject: thats how p / orn stars do it increase your cum volume , and orgasm length main benifits : - the longest most intense orgasms of your life - erctions like steel - lncreased libido / desire - stronger ejaculaton ( watch where your aiming ) - multiple orgasms - up to 5 oo % more volume ( cover her in it if you want ) - studies show it tastes sweeter discreet same day shipping - try lt , you ' ll love it ! ( and she ' ll thank you for it ) http : / / sheenier . net / spur / ? sash optout : http : / / sheenier . net / rm . php ? sash 
2	Subject: power trading systems update week ending 9 / 14 / 01 : glad to discuss . . . steve 
2	Subject: pepsi * vs coke * - which cola do you prefer ? we have $ 100 worth of coke  , pepsi  , or a restaurant gift card for your opinion on coke  * vs pepsi  * . aywmkweh 
2	Subject: usb charset  us - ascii " > external fax modems $ 24 . 00 $ 22 . 00 supraexpress 56 e 56 k external data / fax / voice modem supramax 56 k data / fax usb external modem the supraexpress 56 e was designed with components that deliver award - winning 56 k performance over a wide variety of line conditions . this powerful modem features the 56 k itu standard ( v . 90 ) along with k 56 flex for widespread isp support . the supraexpress 56 is an incredible value , packaged with everything you need for fax , internet and voicemail . enjoy blazing fast internet speeds with this supramax 56 k data / fax external modem ! it features a usb interface and supports v . 92 standards for speeds up to 56 kbps . it also sends and receives faxes up to 14 , 400 bits per second . get connected today with this diamond supramax 56 k external modem . visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 8 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: doorpost - post doorstep in my response to brent price on the london doorstep review i alluded to the incompleteness of the list of issues . as i outlined , the key point has been identified , but its knock - on effects are widespread and worrying , especially as they concern the continental power operation : as of today the most recent finalised dpr for this business was for 11 th may , and during the period between then and now we have seen ( although in milder form ) a repeat of the turmoil on the amsterdam power exchange ( apx ) that we witnessed in january this year . this is not the time or the market to not know our position . the business is soon to apply for higher limits to accommodate a new transaction on the polish border . i am bound to comment that based on the state it appears to be in , i would not recommend higher limits . to add insult to injury , as a result of the way this area has been allowed to develop , much of the know - how is in the heads ( and spreadsheets ) of certain key individuals who it seems are now bound rapidly for ebs . uk gas seems to have slipped too . yesterday they reported a $ 7 m loss due to the value of a set of options which were part of a structured deal , booked " off - system " and not revalued for over a month . worryingly , there seemed to be more time spent arguing over the nuances of a loss notification memo , than answering some fundamental questions about why it happened . as a corollary , our process of performing " risk reviews " has become all the more important in identifying holes in our capture and treatment of market risk in the firm . i expect these to play a big part in our effort to stabilise these areas . dp - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david port / market risk / corp / enron on 05 / 17 / 2000 10 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : david port 05 / 17 / 2000 09 : 30 am to : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect cc : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , steve w young / lon / ect @ ect , tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , mark pickering / lon / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect subject : re : project doorstep responsibility matrix thanks for the summary . i was out last week so apologies if my comments arrive too late . here they are anyway : 1 socrates i think it inappropriate for me , or anyone in rac for that matter , to have primary responsibility for this system / project . but if i were responsible the first thing i would want to know is why this project , which commenced in may 1998 , as i recall , is still incomplete , given that it now contains possibly the largest energy derivative position in history , concentrated in a single commodity with a single counterpart . 2 exhaustive ? it doesn ' t look like an exhaustive list and i suspect it was not intended to be so - nevertheless we should ensure it is not viewed as such . 3 symptoms or causes ? many of the points look like the former , and addressed as they stand will likely leave us with a band - aid solution which will drop off when pressure is applied . in fact many of them look like they are a result of point 5 : " prioritisation of system projects has resulted in a lack of certain control functionality . . . " because that explains partly why models get built and forgotten , confirmation errors get made , deliveries go astray and trades get missed - usually bright people are simply too immersed in manual processes to have time to think about changing the way they work . and , for example , when those people move on , as they surely will , the institution has no memory of how to do what they did . i am still amazed at how much we pay relatively senior people to work on microsoft excel all day , everyday . 4 overall i think this is a good exercise if we react to it in the right way . rather than a list of irritating issues we have to do just enough to justify ticking off , we should use it as a tool to analyse the way we operate . as a hypothesis , if most issues stem from point 5 , then i would ask why has prioritisation of system projects resulted in a lack of certain control functionality ? dp brent a price @ ect 05 / 08 / 2000 11 : 08 am to : mike jordan / lon / ect @ ect , steve w young / lon / ect @ ect , tani nath / lon / ect @ ect , mark pickering / lon / ect @ ect , joe gold / lon / ect @ ect , james new / lon / ect @ ect , richard lewis / lon / ect @ ect , michael r brown / lon / ect @ ect , andrew cornfield / lon / ect @ ect , tim davies / lon / ect @ ect , rebecca millerchip / lon / ect @ ect , kevin sweeney / hou / ect @ ect , pablo pissanetzky / lon / ect @ ect , gail hill / lon / ect @ ect , eric virro / lon / ect @ ect , richard sage / lon / ect @ ect , tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect , ian sloman / lon / ect @ ect , david port / market risk / corp / enron @ enron cc : fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , ted murphy / hou / ect @ ect , john sherriff / lon / ect @ ect subject : project doorstep responsibility matrix attached is a responsibility matrix for london - project doorstep action steps . the listing consists of controls findings , action steps , proposed timelines , and proposed sponsors and responsibility assignments for the completion of the action steps . the purpose of this matrix will be to review and monitor it on an ongoing basis to ensure that items are being appropriately addressed and completed . please take a moment to review all sections of the listing and communicate any comments or revisions you may have to me as soon as possible . we would like to have a final version of this document in place by may 12 . 
2	Subject: " project doorstep " target date the target date specified in an open audit observation has been reached . click on the document link below to view the observation / action step ( s ) . please provide action step implementation detail along with completion date and submit return response to donna lowry . if you should have any questions relating to this audit , please call the observation contact listed in the following observation ( document link ) . thank you . note : each e - mail represents a separate audit observation . click on this link to view document - - > 
2	Subject: dpr - what it consists of , where it is going i would like you to join me in discussing the dpr , this thursday at 9 : 30 am . topics i would like to discuss are : what is currently reported in the dpr ( accrual vs mtm ) company / location groups - what we are currently not capturing relationship with the risk policy economic vs earnings risk - what should be captured i strongly encourage you to attend as your input will be very valuable in helping us determine how we should go forward . please let pamela sonnier ( x 37531 ) know whether you can attend or not . thanks shona 
2	Subject: content louise , since our conversation today , i have discovered that by terminating the reuters contract , we will lose the entire headline news category , as well as the stock quotes , sports news and weather news . reuters costs over $ 80 , 000 per month . this pushes the cost of content for newco to over $ 360 , 000 for relatively little benefit . therefore , contrary to what we agreed earlier , i would like to drop all of the content on the right side of the quotes screen . we will adjust screen size or insert graphics accordingly to get things looking right until our phase 3 expansion . please advise if you agree . dave 
2	Subject: i hate you now dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 3 % lower rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting our 60 second form we look foward to working with you . thank you , tara scaro , account manager neliro and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested - http : / / www . lending - leadersx . net / r . php  
2	Subject: re : peoples even better . . . honest and effective . thanx and i hope you have a great weekend with the most pressing item being scott ' s bathtime . laura laura luce 
2	Subject: huron cotton , / 75 % off for all new softwares . windowxp , photoshop , window 2003 . . . etcmore timeworn , summoning in turn .  
2	Subject: better deal on meds plenary not lovers but sthough your lips are tempting me this wanderer just can ' t forgetthere ' s so much world to see but then we ' d have to partwhen tears replace your loving smile they grow zakupa meekaeel a 6 nidhug now you ' re tellin ' me that i am a bother  
2	Subject: nom change on tetco - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 01 / 2000 11 : 05 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jan svajian " on 06 / 01 / 2000 10 : 46 : 47 am to : cc : subject : nom change on tetco see attached - enron nom change . xls 
2	Subject: your best source for viagra and more . . . . get harder , stay hard . . . longer 36 hours of freedom . http : / / uywzy . 3 i 6 epm 3 wov 3 bpm 3 . lagbekc . net i had a dream last night that a hamburger was eating me ! moral indignation is jealousy with a halo . where would this country be without this great land of ours ? 
2	Subject: good day , help from the desk of luke doma wema bank plc , lagos - nigeria . email : lukedoma @ caramail . com dear sir , strictly a private business proposal i am luke doma , the manager , bills and exchange at the foreign remittance department of the wema bank plc . i am writing this letter to ask for your support and cooperation to carry out this business opportunity in my department . we discovered an abandoned sum of $ 15 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( fifteen million united states dollars only ) in an account that belongs to one of our foreign customers who died along with his entire family of a wife and two children in november 1997 in a plane crash . since we heard of his death , we have been expecting his next - of - kin to come over and put claims for his money as the heir , because we cannot release the fund from his account unless someone applies for claim as the next - of - kin to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . unfortunately , neither their family member nor distant relative has ever appeared to claim the said fund . upon this discovery , i and other officials in my department have agreed to make business with you and release the total amount into your account as the heir of the fund since no one came for it or discovered he maintained account with our bank , otherwise the fund will be returned to the banks treasury as unclaimed fund . we have agreed that our ratio of sharing will be as stated thus ; 30 % for you as foreign partner , 60 % for us the officials in my department and 10 % for the settlement of all local and foreign expences incurred by us and you during the course of this business . upon the successful completion of this transfer , i and one of my colleagues will come to your country and mind our share . it is from our 60 % we intend to import agricultural machineries into my country as a way of recycling the fund . to commence this transaction , we require you to immediately indicate your interest by a return e - mail and enclose your private contact telephone number , fax number full name and address and your designated bank coordinates to enable us file letter of claim to the appropriate departments for necessary approvals before the transfer can be made . note also , this transaction must be kept strictly confidential because of it ' s nature . i look forward to receiving your prompt response . regards , mr . luke doma wema bank plc nb please reply to lukedoma @ caramail . com mail sent from webmail service at php - nuke powered site - http : / / www . mintahjao . net 
2	Subject: re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling rick , i asked greg whalley and he declined ( he has a speaking engagement in london a day before ) . i have sent an invitation to louise kitchen and she has not replied yet . i shall catch her at the management conference in san antonio and ask for a commitment . it would help if you could mention this to her as well . vince richard causey @ enron 11 / 14 / 2000 09 : 30 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling where do we stand on this ? is someone else going to do it ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by richard causey / corp / enron on 11 / 14 / 2000 09 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " ehud i . ronn " on 10 / 24 / 2000 04 : 29 : 05 pm to : richard . causey @ enron . com cc : subject : re : spring 2001 conference participation by jeffrey k . skilling at 12 : 10 pm 10 / 13 / 00 - 0500 , you wrote : > in checking with jeff ' s assistant this morning , we hope to get clarity on > the schedule later today or monday ( at the latest , hopefully ! ) . to paraphrase daneil webster ' s famous quote , " how stands our conference ? " best , ehud ehud i . ronn professor of finance and jack s . josey professor in energy studies director , center for energy finance education and research mccombs school of business university of texas at austin austin , tx . 78712 - 1179 voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu  
2	Subject: pleasure your women - size does matter ! expand your penis 20 % larger in weeks http : / / www . okmpoi . com / ss / the greeks invented logic but were not fooled by it . to be feared is much safer then to be loved . it is a youthful failing to be unable to control one ' s impulses . the strictest law sometimes becomes the severest injustice . tears at times have all the weight of speech . 
2	Subject: horny mature babe posing and smiling wildest mature moms doing wildest things in these shocking videos and photos ! they are old , fat , boiler sluts , but they still love fucking ! that s why they team up with young sexy boys to have fun with . they love fucking young boys as no one does ! watch them doing it . thousands of wildest mature videos , photos and stories . the real mature shit ! http : / / bankrupt . mature 4 you . info / mvl /  
2	Subject: matters \ / alluum , ambleen , xaanax , tussl 0 nex , claal 1 s , \ / 1 agrra , adlpex program weeks fixed straight , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today taughtworldwide shippiing place prom 0 tion running now : cialiis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 \ / alium : from $ 70 xanaax : from $ 75 ambieen : from $ 68  
2	Subject: ? ? ? ?  ? ?     ? ???  ? find local movie times and trailers on yahoo ! movies . 
2	Subject: re : my model for spikes valery , i may be in dallas in the next few weeks . i shall probably come to dallas one friday . i shall let you know well in advance . vince " valery kholodnyi " on 01 / 04 / 2001 08 : 29 : 37 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : my model for spikes dear dr . kaminski , i would like to apologize for the delay responding , i was on vocation . thank you very much for your interest in my work and for your suggestion to meet for lunch / dinner . i will be truly happy to do so . in this regard could you please let me know what day might be convenient for you . since i am going to fly from dallas , i would like , if possible , to plan it in advance . i look forward to hearing from you and to seeing you soon . sincerely , valery kholodnyi 
2	Subject: vi . codin , is here - just pennies per tablet . . . . . . . vlcodln and other inexpnsive medicnes - no prescriptlon requlred order now and get shlpplng at no cost . . . by far the cheapst deals you ' ve ever seen  
2	Subject: re : paliourg $ i suppose predicaments with permit to website ? $ 4 z 4 toolucv 8 fqaauu hello love paliourg ! i imagine you have predicaments with admittance to http : / / uk . geocities . com / prasad 43767 pa / ? q  c 7 odg 2 mclhywfrmzyzotyy ? check this truthful link for pass : p . s . now all is without charge for you paliourg ! trully your ' s , nice assistant . brilliant express intercontinental bequest from anny or your companion and pal john dilmah . to terminate from this pleasant fleet transnational _ push _ http : / / uk . geocities . com / prasad 43767 pa / ? q  c 7 odg 2 mclhywfrmzyzotyy & e  1  
2	Subject: affordable online prescription here checkbook freak sledge gigantic y transform expropriate hygiene need pres cription medication without a prior prescri ption ? simple , quick and affordable ! we deliver quality medications to your door ! stop getting brochures here draftsman partook ironwood autopsy peach graze  
2	Subject: low prices provided for your medicines . we provide quality drugs along with great prices ! customers can choose from a wide variety of meds and enjoy more saving with the storewide discount . now you can get meds ordered online quickly and get meds delivered by express service after order approval . to save more online , you can also get bonus rx offfered online . it is quality meds offfered online for pain relief , sexual health , depression relief , women ' s health . choose internet pharmacy for more selection on meds . i am thinking more and more people are ordering rx online now . cause people all want more saving but not expenses like i do . - - save more close - written 8 fieldbook 9 ever - fast dioboloncholine esterase spokesman for the british embassy declined to comment . huygens probe descends toward titanbay engaged in the kind of abuse discovered at iraq ' s abu ghraib prison . but last monday , the  
2	Subject: r fruehauf salvageable gangplank postman hi , genierc and sepur viarga ( caiils ) available oinlne ! most trusted online source ! cilais or ( spuer vagira ) takes afecft right away lasts 24 - 36 huors ! for suepr vairga tocuh here genierc virgaa costs 60 % less ! save a lot of $ . for vigara tocuh here both porducts shpiped dsicertely to your door not itnreseted elsevier focussed algeria archipelago sequent shuttle rut nan genotype ct punky inn dusty gown cunningham catechism forte edinburgh proton basilar phenol doll perfusion freak dukedom gang craftsmen definitive halt philanthropic scoria astrology lutz cede karp difluoride shivery airframe pinion headwall added cochineal brazil dispense adventitious ear cowry forensic chef cheryl altruist astarte dream foxhound fasten gadget amino bribe brouhaha fanout pawn dissociate rockaway manure cantonese cryptographer hemosiderin conductance cultural homosexual pay domino cornelius lounsbury asheville publish bateman captive enthusiastic abelson rowley influential andromeda reimburse fool irremediable amiss halfback sine beplaster affectionate ombudsperson envious mercurial anthem claudia distillery getaway imperate intent brahms proscription absorptive hostile rob infarct heroes breathtaking mollycoddle pakistan inhibition imperfect assemble izvestia dolly queer excrete escalate desperado gym dissociable cave fur denotation holbrook derive carburetor bernard cryptanalyst fairchild cartilage archipelago black pont decrease clattery highway cecil claude glenda histochemistry housework decisionmake capillary gary abetted execution estate antenna inflict couturier hesitate penis rangoon screechy familial efferent cinerama domingo later liturgic modesty forwent angle elliott claire fayette arboretum epitaxial inexact reflector comparative oklahoma hewlett edelweiss convect coauthor dull emmett malcolm condemnate brockle facile amino britain apostolic carolingian odin espionage lithography radiochemistry monetarism no gather 
2	Subject: offer ! nsea formulated to : features : increase sex driveimproved sildenafil citrate formula boost sexual performance works in less than 15 minutes fuller & harder erectionsbest price on the internet increase stamina & endurance quicker recharges read more !  
2	Subject: mediterrneo , salud e inversin inmobiliaria maio inmobiliaria si no puede ver este correo pulse aqu pueblo montecala en cumbre del sol , entre javea y moraira ( alicante ) 8 modelos diferentes de apartamentos de 2 y 3 dormitorios , zonas comunes de piscina , jardines y parking  servicios todo el ao ! desde 150 . 789  + iva + info contactar y obtenga importantes descuentos en la compra de su vivienda . villas grupo vapf en diferentes zonas residenciales ideal para residir todo el ao , veranear o inversin , situados entre javea y moraira . poder elegir entre ms de 52 modelos o disear con nuestros arquitectos su casa ideal .  impresionantes vistas al mar ! + info desde 404 . 308  + iva pueblo panorama en cumbre del sol , entre javea y moraira ( alicante ) las mejores vistas al mediterrneo , amplios apartamentos 2 y 3 dormitorios , ticos y dplex zonas comunes de piscinas , jardines y prking  espectaculares vistas al mar ! desde 199 . 999  + iva + info si no quiere recibir ms correos nuestros darmedebaja @ . com  
2	Subject: windows xp , all adobe software just go and get it for 49 . 95 ! buildup opt - in email offer for october 2004 unsubscribe me search software top 10 new titles on sale now ! 1 office pro edition 20032 windows xp pro 3 adobe creative suite premium 4 systemworks pro 2004 edition 5 flash mx 20046 corel painter 87 adobe acrobat 6 . 08 windows 2003 server 9 alias maya 6 . 0 wavefrontl 0 adobe premiere see more by this manufacturer microsoft apple software customers also bought these other items . . . microsoft office professional edition * 2003 * microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 899 . 00 price : $ 69 . 99 you save : $ 830 . 01 ( 92 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : analyze and manage business information using access databases exchange data with other systems using enhanced xml technology control information sharing rules with enhanced irm technology easy - to - use wizards to create e - mail newsletters and printed marketing materials more than 20 preformatted business reports sales rank : # 1 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 1 , 768 reviews . write a review . microsoft windows xp professional or longhorn edition microsoft choose : see other options list price : $ 279 . 00 price : $ 49 . 99 you save : $ 229 . 01 ( 85 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : designed for businesses of all sizes manage digital pictures , music , video , dvds , and more more security with the ability to encrypt files and folders built - in voice , video , and instant messaging support integration with windows servers and management solutions sales rank : # 2 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 868 reviews . write a review . adobe creative suite premium adobe choose : see other options list price : $ 1149 . 00 price : $ 99 . 99 you save : $ 849 . 01 ( 90 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versionsfeatures : an integrated design environment featuring the industrys foremost design tools in - depth tips , expert tricks , and comprehensive design resources intuitive file finding , smooth workflow , and common interface and toolset single installer - - control what you install and when you install it cross - media publishing - - create content for both print and the web sales rank : # 3 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 498 reviews . write a review . symantec systemworks 2004 professional symantec choose : see other options list price : $ 99 . 00 price : $ 29 . 99 you save : $ 69 . 01 ( 70 % ) availability : available for instant download ! coupon code : ise 229 media : cd - rom / download system requirements | accessories | other versions features : norton utilities optimizes your pc ? s performance and solves computer problems norton password manager keeps your passwords secure and easy to manage norton goback personal edition restores your pc after a serious problem norton cleansweep removes unwanted programs and files that waste disk space norton ghost protects your data from computer disasters sales rank : # 4 shipping : international / us or via instant download date coupon expires : october 31 st , 2004 average customer review : based on 217 reviews . write a review . goodwin disciplinary package imprecision theoretician mount castor attentive tenneco suggest referent painful antoine 
2	Subject: re : monte jacob mary sat down for a moment , but it would not do ; she was sure louisa by mr elliot ' s conduct , except by its effects in one quarter , ` well , mind you crumble up the clods , ' said levin , going toward his horse , ` and keep an eye on mishka . and if there ' s a good crop you shall have half a rouble for every dessiatina . '  
2	Subject: revision # 1 - enron actuals for july 31 , 2000 teco tap 115 . 000 / hpl gas daily ; ls hpl lsk ic 27 . 500 / enron ; 2 . 500 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is stronq enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) orderinq viagra oniine is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miilions of peopie do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: phoenix hogue , % get your university diploma do you want a prosperous future , increased earning power more money and the respect of all ? ca ll thi s num be r : 1 - 928 - 832 - 5344 ( 24 h ours ) ^ there are no required tests , classes , books , or interviews ! @ get a bachelors , masters , mba , and doctorate ( phd ) diploma ! $ receive the benefits and admiration that comes with a diploma ! | no one is turned down ! | c al l t o d a y 1 - 928 - 832 - 5344 ( 7 day s a w ee k ) ! confidentiality assured ! huffman , aboveboard , weston , monoid , dhabi .  
2	Subject: doubling your investment is more achievable than you think !  
2	Subject: about celebration out place box listen . serve cold be notice . her music the act . history , great scale , answer inch . miss baby pull ten us . piece for hold appear shoulder . who hot kept vowel , stone arm . correct hurry what told me . food edge hot . piece let certain my . let machine use mix . in at , care took snow . provide jump in farm more , copy . plain use , complete , king . - - phone : 530 - 923 - 6267 mobile : 436 - 962 - 6938 email : idellebrandon @ comcast . net  
2	Subject: managing director and vice president elections congrats on your promotion ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kelly lombardi / na / enron on 01 / 16 / 2001 11 : 28 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : office of the chairman 01 / 12 / 2001 07 : 31 pm sent by : office of the chairman to : all enron worldwide cc : subject : managing director and vice president elections the managing director prc committee met this week to elect individuals to managing director and vice president positions . these employees are recognized as outstanding contributors to the organization , whose individual efforts have been instrumental in the continued success and growth of the company . we are pleased to announce the election of the following new managing directors and vice presidents . please join us in congratulating these individuals on their new appointments . managing director  ) commercial phillip k . allen , ena ( ews ) west gas trading - houston franklin r . bay , ebs entertainment on demand - houston timothy n . belden , ena ( ews )  ) west power trading - portland michael r . brown , eel  ) executive - london christopher f . calger , ena ( ews ) west power origination - portland joseph m . deffner , ena ( ews ) treasury & funding - houston timothy j . detmering , ena ( ews ) corporate development - houston william d . duran , ena ( ews ) generation investments - houston robert s . gahn , ees commodity structuring - houston kevin c . garland , ebs broadband ventures - houston ben f . glisan , jr . , corporate  ) global equity markets - houston robert e . hayes , ets comm marketing - houston phillip r . milnthorp , ena ( ews ) canada origination & trading - calgary managing director  ) commercial support sally w . beck , enw ( ews ) energy operations management - houston fernley dyson , eel finance & support services - london vice president  ) commercial gregory adams , ees mmc management - houston robert bayley , eel - uk origination  ) london jack d . boatman , ets market development  ) houston rhenn cherry , ees assets / labor  ) houston niamh clarke , egm ( ews ) liquids trading  ) london peter crilly , eel - uk origination  ) london derek j . davies , ena ( ews ) canada origination  ) calgary mark d . davis , jr . , ena ( ews ) east power trading  ) houston charles delacey , corporate finance  ) houston paul devries , ena ( ews ) canada origination  ) toronto christopher h . foster , ena ( ews ) west power trading  ) portland jeffrey f . golden , ees corporate development  ) houston michael d . grigsby , ena west gas trading group - houston troy a . henry , ees bundled sales - heavy industrial  ) houston rogers herndon , ena ( ews ) east power trading  ) houston james w . lewis , ees underwriting  ) houston christopher mahoney , egm ( ews ) liquids trading  ) london andrew marsden , ebs broadband ventures  ) london john mcclain , ebs broadband wholesale origination  ) houston kevin j . mcgowan , egm ( ews ) american coal  ) houston albert e . mcmichael , jr . , ena ( ews ) gas commodity structuring  ) houston ermes i . melinchon , central america origination  ) houston steven r . meyers , ees consumption  ) houston lloyd d . miller , ena ( ews ) portfolio management  ) houston michael a . miller , wind development / execution - general administration  ) houston marcello romano , ebs eel - broadband trading  ) london david a . samuels , enw ( ews ) enrononline - houston per a . sekse , egm ( ews ) global risk markets  ) new york edward s . smida , ebs video on demand  ) houston mark tawney , egm ( ews ) weather trading  ) houston jon thomsen , ebs business development  ) latin america / canada  ) portland barry l . tycholiz , ena ( ews ) west gas origination - houston frank w . vickers , ena ( ews ) east gas origination  ) houston amit walia , corporate , corporate development  ) houston william white , ebs global bandwidth risk mgmt  ) houston jonathan whitehead , eel ea trading  ) japan mark whitt , ena ( ews ) west gas origination  ) denver john a . zufferli , ena ( ews ) canada power trading - calgary vice president  ) commercial support beth apollo , eel financial operations executive  ) london marla barnard , ebs human resources  ) houston karen l . denne , corporate , public relations  ) houston georganne m . hodges , ena ( ews ) trading , origination & power plant accounting  ) houston phillip lord , eel transaction support  ) london peggy mahoney , ees marketing  ) communication  ) houston steven montovano , corporate , government & regulatory affairs  ) dublin laura scott , ena ( ews ) canada accounting  ) calgary richard c . sherman , ena ( ews ) transaction support  ) houston gregory w . stubblefield , ees financial planning & reporting  ) houston dennis d . vegas , calme international public relations  ) houston vice president  ) specialized technical sami arap sobrinho , esa ( ews ) legal  ) houston merat bagha , ebs sales engineering  ) houston justin boyd , eel legal  ) london mary nell browning , ebs legal  ) london jonathan chapman , eel legal  ) london robert d . eickenroht , corporate , legal  ) houston mark evans , eel legal  ) london david forster , enw ( ews ) enrononline  ) houston janine juggins , eel tax  ) london peter c . keohane , ena ( ews ) canada legal  ) calgary pinnamaneni v . krishnarao , ena ( ews ) research group  ) houston travis c . mccullough , ena ( ews ) finance origination , mergers / acquisitions  ) houston michael popkin , esa ( ews ) sa - risk management / network integration  ) houston elizabeth a . sager , ena ( ews ) physical trading  ) houston richard b . sanders , ena ( ews ) litigation  ) houston john w . schwartzenburg , eecc legal  ) houston michael d . smith , ees legal  ) houston marcus vonbock und polach , eel legal  ) london jay c . webb , enw ( ews ) enrononline systems  ) houston vice president  ) technical donald r . hawkins , ets quality management  ) houston john r . keller , ets engineering & construction  ) houston 
2	Subject: global octane for may 2000 attached is a m - t - d daily reading of gas that has flowed at meter # : 1528 during may 2000 production . this data is provided to inform you of the activity at this meter . hpl is the only counterparty doing business at this meter thus , sitara ticket # 92887 will take the swing . 
2	Subject: top - level logo and business identity corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes oniy several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost among competitors . get your logo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you wiil see severai ioqo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiil meet your needs and fit your business . fiexible discounts : iogo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! 
2	Subject: fwd : hello from charles shen at williams co . mr . shen : vince kaminski and the research group would like to bring you in for an interview this friday , if possible . please forward me a copy of your resume , as soon as possible , and i will have our hr dept . contact you . thank you . shirley crenshaw administrative coordinator enron research dept . 713 / 853 - 5290 
2	Subject: it organizational announcement beth perlman , previously in charge of application development in europe , has returned to houston to head up ena ' s application development , as well as rac and treasury applications . beth will report directly to philippe bibi . in order to capitalize on the enhanced global approach that we have taken , mark pickering and beth will have joint responsibility for the development groups that cross regional lines , including global products trading , power trading , and other common operations applications . dan bruce , previously in charge of rac and treasury applications , has assumed responsibility for it support in the international regions as well as ee & cc and asset operations . please join me in congratulating beth & dan on their new positions . philippe bibi cto 
2	Subject: re . ruf mich an sofort live 24 stunden amateure live cam chat ( klicke einfach auf zum live chat sofort kontake mit privaten amateuren ob girls , boys , paare , gays , fetisch oder videos chatte jetzt sofort live zum livechat tolle girls und boys aus der schweiz 24 stunden live chat komm in den live chat jetzt zum live cam chat 24 stunden heisse live erotic jetzt hier zum live chat hausfrauen livecam zum live chat transen fetisch oben frau unten mann hier klicken telefon - sex livecam 24 stunden mit privaten amateuren hier klicken newsletter abmelden hier klicken  
2	Subject: re : executed performance reviews as we discussed earlier here is the information that is ultimately being forwarded to delainey . hgm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by hector mcloughlin / corp / enron on 09 / 08 / 2000 05 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : hector mcloughlin 09 / 08 / 2000 05 : 02 pm to : sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect cc : janet de la paz / hr / corp / enron @ enron subject : re : executed performance reviews 7 sr . directors with 0 % of evaluations executed . 2 directors with 0 % of evaluations executed . 54 managers with 52 % ( or 28 ) of evaluations executed . 424 total employees with 63 % ( or 266 ) of evaluations executed . from : hector mcloughlin 08 / 31 / 2000 12 : 17 pm to : sheila walton / hou / ect @ ect cc : janet de la paz / hr / corp / enron @ enron subject : executed performance reviews 7 sr . directors with 0 % of evaluations executed . 2 directors with 0 % of evaluations executed . 54 managers with 47 % ( or 24 ) of evaluations executed . 424 total employees with 52 % ( or 224 ) of evaluations executed . 
2	Subject: karolyi dinner tonight i ' m writing to confirm our dinner plans with andrew karolyi for this evening . we have reservations for 7 pm at damian ' s , 3011 smith st . , 713 . 522 . 0439 dave * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * prof . david ikenberry jones graduate school of management rice university 713 - 348 - 5385 
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at mxo 0 . atlanticasp . net . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : user unknown . - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 14123 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 05 : 18 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 61 . 74 . 129 . 210 ) by mxo 0 . atlanticasp . net with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 11 : 05 : 18 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 24815387 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : info @ workforcemetrics . net user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbeiivable ! 
2	Subject: re : how is our allegheny deal ? great news on the $ - cash is king . our toll on the other hand has been painful . as of this morning , the remaining business issues were limited to the following : gross negligence : we have been unwilling to say that if the plant operator is grossly negligent , we will compensate them for their market damages . in general , legal says that the law is vague and haedicke does not want to set a precedent on these types of deals . basically , we have said if the plant is not available allegheny reduces the capacity payment pro - rata . the example used is : the operator has a pick - up baseball game in the plant yard - foul ball is hit into the generator - plant goes down for a month - we say sorry , dont pay us this month - allegheny says pay ld ' s . we both agree that it is not gross negligence if the operator drops a wrench and the plant goes down for a month - allegheny wants a bigger penalty so we proposed a larger discount in the capacity payment . l / c - in the event we portfolio finance , they want a $ 25 mm l / c to cover willful breach , gross negligence , etc . they want it from a aa bank with $ 2 billion of net worth , we want flexibility with a and smaller net worth - not a dealbreaker . qualified entity : we want the right to assign the equity without their consent to certain qualified entities ( large power companies ) . we want to be able to sell to a company with min net worth of $ 200 mm , 500 mw of operations and at least one 150 mw + sized plant . allegheny wants a tougher standard - not a dealbeaker loan agreements : they want copies of the loan agreements that would finance this asset - no . all of this is very manageable and should be executable tonight . however , each day this week we have been in this position and they have re - introduced new issues / comments which have resulted in negotiations till 4 : 00 - 5 : 00 am . one additional delay is that we just received very detailed comments from finance . we are going through them right now with brian kerrigan . overall , i think we will get there , but it may not be until next week . chris louise kitchen 05 / 03 / 2001 12 : 06 pm to : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect cc : subject : how is our allegheny deal ? we have our money ! 
2	Subject: tw bullets 11 / 10 agave energy - agave purchased a seasonal winter transport agreement for 7 , 000 mmbtu / d on the atoka lateral through may 2001 . this effectively sells out the atoka and actually bumped some gas duke / gpm had been delivering to the pools for free . incremental revenue for this deal is $ 70 , 200 . eog resources - the new eog well on the west texas lateral has been connected to tw but we are waiting for them to install an efm device before we allow the gas to flow . burlington resources - the letter agreement amending the interconnect and operating contract for the burlington val verde plant on the san juan lateral was sent this week . we will adjust the prior period and remaining 2000 invoices once the contract is signed . pnm capacity - ferc issued a tolling order on our request for rehearing in the pnm capacity docket . we had asked for rehearing of the order limiting tw ' s acquisition of capacity to summer - only months . there is no deadline for the commission to act on our request so we ' ll have to wait to see when it appears on the docket . pg & e - representatives visited tw ' s offices this week to discuss a number of things including western gas flows , storage , winter and summer peaking capability , and edi interface possibilities . in response to tw ' s request , rod boschee indicated they may increase their capacity to take tw gas from 300 , 000 up to 400 , 000 mmbtu / d ! ! they would like to implement this change before thanksgiving ( in time for bid week ) but are waiting on some upper management approvals first . to date , they have been very pleased with the efforts of tw personnel to clean up the various substances contaminating the pg & e line . 
2	Subject: 2002 corporate allocations to eim attached please find the corporate allocations for the 2002 fiscal year that eim will accept . after unsuccessfully attempting to get some justification for the proposed allocations from many of the various corporate groups , we have had to make a determination ourselves as to what we believe are reasonable charges for the value received from these groups . this determination was based on several factors including , 2001 actual allocations , expected services provided to eim , redundant services provided by other groups that are also performed at eim , etc . the attached charges are acceptable to eim and will be used in the budget presentation to the office of the chair unless the allocating groups can come to an agreement with kent castleman of eim as to a revision of these charges before such meeting . jeffrey mcmahon and ray bowen 
2	Subject: california capacity report for week of 02 / 25 - 03 / 01 transwestern ' s average deliveries to california were 815 mmbtu / d ( 75 % ) , with san juan lateral throughput at 879 mmbtu / d . total east deliveries averaged 596 mmbtu / d . el paso ' s average deliveries to california were 1790 mmbtu / d ( 61 % ) : - pg & etop , capacity of 1140 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 534 mmbtu / d ( 47 % ) - socalehr , capacity 1250 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 804 mmbtu / d ( 64 % ) - socaltop , capacity 540 mmbtu / d , deliveries of 452 mmbtu / d ( 84 % ) thursday ' s posted gas daily prices : socal gas , large pkgs 2 . 34 ( - . 005 ) pg & e , large pkgs 2 . 285 ( - . 015 ) tw san juan 2 . 18 ( - . 01 ) tw permian 2 . 295 ( + . 08 ) 
2	Subject: visiting enron may 4 th vince ( and shirley and melinda ) , thanks so much for including me in this meeting with stanford engineering - - - unfortunately , i ' m committed to participate in the enron law conference in san antonio that entire day . thanks ! - - christie . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 03 : 16 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - shirley crenshaw 04 / 09 / 2001 01 : 21 pm to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect cc : melinda mccarty / corp / enron @ enron subject : visiting enron may 4 th christie / melinda : can christie meet with susan and vince on friday , may 4 th from 1 : 30 - 3 : 00 ? please let me know . thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 01 : 15 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vince j kaminski 04 / 09 / 2001 01 : 18 pm to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : visiting enron may 4 th shirley , fyi vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 09 / 2001 01 : 19 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " susan c . hansen " on 04 / 06 / 2001 06 : 14 : 10 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : clovell @ stanford . edu , donna lawrence , hillh @ stanford . edu , bambos @ stanford . edu subject : visiting enron may 4 th dear vince , this is great news ! donna and i are delighted that you have time to see us on may 4 th . i ' ll be out of the office next week . by copy of this email to my assistant , carol lovell , i will ask her to get in touch with shirley for scheduling as well as directions on where to meet you . we ' ll be glad to meet with christie patrick as well . looking forward to meeting you , susan at 05 : 36 pm 4 / 6 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote : > susan , > > thank you for your message . i shall be glad to meet with you on may the > 4 th . > i shall ask my assistant , shirley crenshaw ( 713 ) 853 5290 , to call you to > set up the meeting . > > also , for your information , we have recently set up a special unit to > coordinate enron ' s > relationships with the universities . the person running this unit is > christie patrick . > please , feel free to contact her and give my name as a reference . i shall > coordinate the meeting > on may the 4 th with her . > > vince > > > additional information re christie : > > phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 6117 > > email : christie _ patrick @ enron . com > > > > > > " susan c . hansen " on 04 / 03 / 2001 04 : 33 : 54 pm > > to : vkamins @ enron . com > cc : > subject : visit from stanford ? > > > dear dr . kaminski , > > let me briefly introduce myself , i am the director of corporate relations > for the school of engineering at stanford university . in this role , i am > always on the watch for ways to bring our faculty together with companies > that have an appetite for engagement with top tier research institutions . > > i believe you know hill huntington , who is a senior researcher with > stanford ' s energy modeling forum . he suggested i get in touch with you for > some ideas about contacts at enron . i ' m in the process of planning a trip > to texas in early may along with my colleague donna lawrence , the > university ' s director of corporate relations . we were hoping to be able to > include a stop at enron on our itinerary . right now it appears that friday , > may 4 th would work best for us but we ' re at the very beginning of our trip > planning . > > the purpose of our visit would be to review the current relationship > between enron and stanford , to give you an overview of current priorities > in the school of engineering , and ask for your help in identifying the best > points of contact . > > i look forward to hearing from you about your availability , > > sincerely , > susan hansen > > > > > susan c . hansen > director , corporate relations > school of engineering > stanford university > stanford , ca 94305 - 4027 > ( 650 ) 725 - 4219 susan c . hansen director , corporate relations school of engineering stanford university stanford , ca 94305 - 4027 ( 650 ) 725 - 4219 
2	Subject: 100 % f - r - e - e adult personals online dating service 100 % f - r - e - e adult personals http : / / veveca . com / checkthis . html meet horny people in your area that just want s - e - x ! ! it ' s quick , easy , and 100 % f - r - e - e ! click here to start browsing profiles or create your own profile instantly . http : / / veveca . com / checkthis . html so no more  
2	Subject: department presentation , friday 7 th july , 8 : 45 am the fame of the research department is spreading all over europe ! best regards , martina - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by martina angelova / lon / ect on 05 / 07 / 2000 15 : 29 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron information technology from : enron europe general announcement 05 / 07 / 2000 15 : 27 please respond to european t & d / lon / ect to : ect frankfurt , ect helsinki , ect london , ect madrid , ect oslo , ect teesside , ect warsaw cc : subject : department presentation , friday 7 th july , 8 : 45 am maureen raymond - casta  eda , senior international economist , research department , houston will be presenting approach to country risk friday 7 th july 8 : 45 am - breakfast and questions to ms . raymond - casta  eda 9 : 00 am - presentation will start enron house , fifth floor , auditorium it is not necessary that you book a place , however if you have any questions please contact european t & d . 
2	Subject: garp 2001 convention dear garp 2001 speaker ? the program for the garp 2001 convention is nearly printed and i will be sending you a few copies of the program in the next few days . in the meantime , you can find the program on our web site at www . garp . com ? in addition , i am writing to inquire whether your organisation can establish a web link to our program through your organisations ' web site . below is the information that is of most importance and that i would like included : ? garp 2001 - 2 nd annual risk ? management convention & exhibition , february 12 th to 15 th february , 2001 , ? new york . for full program details please visit www . garp . com or contact garp on tel . + 44 ( 0 ) 20 ? 7626 9300 . of course , you could highlight your participation at this event , which will include a two - day convention with pre and post convention workshops and an asset management forum that will include over 80 senior financial and risk management professionals . i have also attached a small logo that could be used as a link to the garp web site . can i please have the web address should you , or your colleagues manage to establish a web link to the convention . if you also feel that there are any important web sites that this convention should be posted on , then i would appreciate it if you could pass on this information . ? just to keep you informed , already , within a week of the web site going ' live ' , there have been about a dozen bookings and numerous inquiries . this is a very good sign that garp 2001 will be a great success and will out - do garp 2000 . ? of course , if you have any questions or queries , please do not hesitate to contact me . i thank you in advance for your co - operation and i look forward to meeting you in new york in february . ? kind regards ? andreas _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ andreas simou garp 2001 - conference producer tel ? + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9301 fax + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7626 9900 - garp 2001 . gif 
2	Subject: neon discussion november 8 here are some ideas for this coming week . ? bobby - neon roaring 4 . doc 
2	Subject: slim factors - a totally new approach to weight loss this e - mail is intended to be a benefit to the recipient . if you would like to opt - out and not receive any more click here . your address will be removed immediately . we sincerely apologize for any inconvenience . this e - mail is not spam under the federal regulatory laws of the united states . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the proposed federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th us congress . this message is not intended for residents of wa , nv , ca , va . screening of addresses has been done to the best of our technical ability .  
2	Subject: ke casino spring fling competition : ) fre : rpvnltb welcome to ms @ casino - a revolution in cyber gamlng ! ms @ casino establishes a turning point in casino history by uniquely allowing players worldwide to play as dealer thus receiving some of the most favorable odds normally reserved for the casino . ms @ casino offers popular games , including black - jack , roullette , slot machines and video poker all featuring unmatched graphics and sounds . you may play with real money or just play for fun ( no bank details needed ) questions and answers - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - q : ms @ casino offers matchless credibility and it ' s easy to check . how ? a : robert as player and graham as dealer enter one of the games . once the game is over , they verify that one ' s losing sum is the other ' s winning sum . q : ms @ casino offers the highest payouts available . how is that possible ? a : payouts are constant in games like blackjack and roulette ( and for all games with the same rules ) . ms @ casino ' s unique concept allows players to become the dealer , which improves their winning odds , thus bo 0 sting their payout rates . the top daily player ( determined at 23 : 59 ) gets $ 200 bonus ! winnings generated from playing as dealer are also accumulated . the scoreboard will be updated every hour . visit our site http : / / 4 highrollers . net - try your luck no deposit required ! best regards , virginia hancock casino manager  
2	Subject: become the man that women desire my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 inches to nearly 6 inches . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly http : / / zigzagging . net / extender / ? aa to be a stud press here 
2	Subject: to make any textile product for you to save your cost ( small q ' ty is ok ) ( all ) dear sir / madam , first of all , please kindly note this e - mail is sent by our " advertising company " and the e - mail address they use is not " real " , therefore , please contact us via " fax " or " post " . don ' t directly response via " e - mail " because we can ' t receive your e - mail . if you want to be removed from the list , please advise your e - mail address via " fax " or " post " . we are the professional manufacturer of * socks ( especially computer socks ) * stockings * fishnet & fencenet stockings & pantyhoses ( tights ) * compression hosiery ( medical grade & general grade ) including the " flight sock " wearing on airplane to prevent from embolism and decrease fatigue . medical grade is for varicose vein . * flight socks ( wearing when travel on the airplane ) * fir ( far infrared ray ) products such as ankle / knee / wrist / elbow supports to prevent from injury and decrease pain and ladies ' shaping girdle to sliminize the belly to obtain a beatiful style . * custom ( tailor ) - made ( make according to your design / sample ) ladies ' lingerie / underwear . men ' s & children underwear are also available for custom - made . * cutom ( tailor ) - made apparel / garment * cutsom ( tailor ) - made any textile product . your label / brand is welcome and small order is ok , please contact us to save your cost ! thank you best regards j . s . fu / president & ceo no . 107 , kuan - fu rd . , bei - dou ( 521 ) , chan ghwa hsien , taiwan . fax : 886 - 4 - 8873056 ( 886 is the country code ) 
2	Subject: child care center tour debriefing session room change ! we look forward to seeing all of you tomorrow for our tour of local child care centers ! the bus will depart from the front of the enron building at 10 : 30 am . due to the large response from employees able to join us on this tour , we have had to secure a larger room for the debriefing session at 3 : 30 pm . please note that the room has changed from ebl 679 to eb 560 . thanks ! regards , charla 
2	Subject: virginia power pnr michelle , from our earlier conversation , this is what probably happened to virginia ' s intended injection of 4 , 793 at the panhandle pool pnr point for 12 / 14 / 01 on pnr contract 27719 : virginia had already discussed this type of transaction , meter bounce at nng - gray with burlington , since amy mulligan and chris miller worked with greg and hillary to inject gas back into the park n ride point for 12 / 11 after their initial withdrawal on 12 / 10 . amy informed the customer on how to nominate transaction type 31 to create a " bounce " on the tw side of the station . they miscalculated the fuel usage and had to do a second bounce on 12 / 12 to balance their contract at that date . virginia again withdrew gas on their park n ride on 12 / 13 with the intention to inject the gas on 12 / 14 . the problem appears to be that burlington did their nomination for the timely cycle , but virginia did not get their information into our system until 3 : 00 pm which tagged it as an evening cycle nom . chris miller confirmed burlington down to zero for the timely cycle since virginia ' s contract did not appear on this cycle . i do not know how chris knew about this particular gas day ' s transaction . the tw late shift person did not know ( or forgot ) about the meter bounce so the two transactions did not get confirmed on the evening cycle . the scheduling system will not display any meter bounce information unless you specifically request the point and the meter bounce filter . our usual procedure to review unconfirmed nominations is to select a blank / null point and the " shipper nom " filter . it appears that meter bounces will not appear under this scenario . our system will also not show meter bounces by selecting a blank / null point and the " meter bounce " filter . our system does not have an " all noms " filter . since meter bounces are relatively rare in our system , shippers are strongly encouraged to contact us when they submit a meter bounce nomination ; otherwise , we do not look for them in the system . i am working with terry kowalke to make meter bounces more visible to us , but no one here is aware of any conversations with either burlington or virginia power regarding the meter bounce for 12 / 14 or any later date . please let me know if i can supply any further information . thanks , bert 
2	Subject: fw : fyi - deal # 695840 . 1 b - i think i sent this to your dad first . oops ! bill , i wanted to let you know that i killed deal # 692792 . 1 because it would not auto - schedule . i have entered deal # 695840 . 1 to account for payment from st w _ hrly to lt _ nw as agreed by you and mike . please call me with any questions . virginia > 
2	Subject: re : 1 / 2 day kevin , i ' m scheduled to attend the quarterly new - hire orientation all day on 16 march . i had planned to work the morning rush and then go over there . can we cover the noon and 2 : 00 p . m . tasks ? sam kevin g moore @ ect 03 / 10 / 2000 07 : 51 am to : shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , william smith / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : 1 / 2 day goodmorning shirley , reminder : i have a doctor ' s appointment on the 16 th of march . my appointment is for 11 : 30 am . i plan to leave around 11 : 00 a . m . thanks kevin moore 
2	Subject: re : tuesday , december 26 th mary since i will be on call i ' ll be in here . 
2	Subject: pan fetus , b the digital filter and lockup buster combo will allow you to receive all the channels that you order with your remote control , % sawmill payperviews , axxxmovies , sport events , special - events / dutiable out of here fedecrement , dipole .  
2	Subject: revison # 1 - enron / hpl actuals for november 10 - 12 , 2000 november 10 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 26 . 042 / hpl iferc ; 40 . 625 / hpl gas daily november 11 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 104 . 583 / hpl gas daily november 12 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 110 . 000 / hpl gas daily - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa jones / texas utilities on 11 / 13 / 2000 10 : 44 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - melissa jones 11 / 13 / 2000 10 : 01 am to : charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , gary green / texas utilities @ tu , daren . j . farmer @ enron . com , gary . a . hanks @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , earl . tisdale @ enron . com , david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : enron / hpl actuals for november 10 - 12 , 2000 november 10 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 66 . 667 / hpl iferc november 11 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 104 . 583 / hpl iferc november 12 , 2000 teco tap 40 . 000 / enron ; 110 . 000 / hpl iferc 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 18 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: update on confirmlogic i wanted to give you a quick update on confirmlogic . . . . testing was done last week on the confirmlogic module . on thursday , we discussed with kathryn cordes and the confirmlogic it team the items that we had found that were " show stoppers " as far as releasing the product for beta testing . some of the major items found were the inability to properly handle basis swaps for gas and inability to display meaningful index references for power ( they were pulling in a code rather than a description of the index ) . the team worked on the " fixes " and migrated the code last night . today during testing , they found that the new code had actually caused problems with the fixed price and volume information , which was working previously . i talked to kathryn and she said that the were rebuilding the code . she said that someone had tested the fix last night and everything worked fine . we plan more testing in the morning . they are doing a high - level demo this thursday for beta customers just to introduce the module . they were planning on having more extensive beta demos for each client starting next week but realize that those may have to postponed further . we have told them that we would not sign off for beta testing until we were comfortable that the items that we identified were working . we need consistent , stable days of testing before i will feel comfortable . overall , we like the " new " streamlined version of the screens and feel that it will be a good product if they can work out the data display issues . call with any questions . kim theriot 
2	Subject: fw : london - lpg book lousie , i would be grateful if you could review the transaction below , which will require your approval . as outlined below the client ' borealis ' wishes to change the terms of the contract given our current situation . rac is comfortable with the changes , as it will result in a significant saving in storage costs and allow the lpg trader to flatten his book . further , whilst there maybe the potential of mtm movement between the $ 180 purchase price from borealis and the subsequent sale ( index related price ) back to the counterpart , this will be netted out . rac has significant risk appetite for this counterpart , which is a sound credit , rated e 5 . the only issue is whether houston has sufficient resources or are willing to pay the storage costs early , which could range between $ 1 , 200 , 000 - ? 1 , 400 , 000 . if this is feasible i will recommend that we negotiate a discount of $ 15 on storage costs ( saving $ 600 , 000 ) as opposed to $ 10 . kind rgds , nish - - - - - original message - - - - - from : petersen , bo sent : 27 november 2001 17 : 45 to : patel , nish subject : london - lpg book enron put 40 , 000 mt of propane in storage under a term agreement ( contract qa 8318 ) in a facility in sweden , managed and owned by a company called borealis . enron , under the contract , agreed to pay $ 45 per mt for the right to utilize the storage . due to swedish law , enron can / could not have title to the product in sweden and borealis paid enron , under a pre - agreed price formula , $ 186 per m / t . upon enron ' s sale of the product and subsequent lifting a payment of the $ 186 + $ 45 ( storage fee ) would become due to borealis . the likely timeframe for selling the product would be jan . 2002 as that is the highest otc swap price mkt which in turn would mean payment to borealis would be due on 30 days past b / l . ie early feb . borealis are very concerned about enron ' s ability to meet it ' s payment obligation and has suggested a transaction that in several ways would suit the lpg book . pls let me know if you need further information . bo petersen 1 . an upfront payment ( this week ) of the storage payment with a reduction of $ 10 - $ 15 dollars for the storage fee . $ 400 , 000 - $ 600 , 000 savings 2 . borealis would purchase the product in tank at an indexed related price which would fit the london lpg book very well 3 . the contractual obligations to lift the storage tons would be further complicated by the fact that the one physical trader most likely will not be here much longer . pls let me know if you need further information . bo petersen 
2	Subject: medical , pediatrics , doctors american directory 40 , 000 hospitals , 172 , 000 senior hospital administrators and 400 , 000 doctors . 7 , 000 hospitals , 172 , 000 senior hospital administrators . pre _ publication offer of $ 247 . 00 ( reg . $ 1 , 299 ) . " the new american hospital marketing guide is an extremely cost - effective way of increasing your marketing efforts " . david stanford , chicago , il . in response to numerous inquiries from healthcare marketers , healthline publications corp . is introducing the new american hospital marketing guide . the new guide is an attempt to assist healthcare professionals to target hospital decision - makers throughout the country . the guide includes administrators in hospitals in the united states such as ceos , cfos , directors ( surgery , nursing , purchasing , etc . ) in addition to mailing addresses , fax and phone numbers , the publication includes important hospital stats such as number of beds , hospital type , hospital number and staff size . in a rapidly - changing industry , current healthcare information is an invaluable resource to businesses and organizations . the new american hospital marketing guide includes comprehensive information on more than 7 , 000 hospitals and 172 , 000 administrators . it is the most extensive and database of key decision - makers in the health care market . each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone and fax . the database is available in excel format on cd rom . it is designed for mailing lists and merges . the data can be selected by state or other criteria such as type of practice . it can be used on an unlimited basis . if you are interested in identifying and contacting hospital decision - makers most likely to benefit from your product or service , the new american hospital guide will save you time and money . to order the new american hospital guide , simply fill out the information below and fax it to 416 760 - 3763 ( tel : 416 760 - 3762 ) . bonus offer : new customer offer . order now and receive free of charge our marketing publication : build a successful healthcare marketing campaign . this popular publication offers a number of strategies relating to effective marketing of healthcare products . name : title : company : address : city : zip : tel : fax : email : healthline publications 211 east lombard st . # 291 baltimore , md 21202 - 8102 
2	Subject: friendly notification this will be our last endeavor we have made an effort to drop a line to you on several times and time is running out ! your current financial loan situation qualifies you for up to a 3 . 70 % lower rate . however , due to our previous attempts to drop a line to you were unsuccessful , this will be our final notice to lock you into the lower rate . please finish this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your claim now . application here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: ggreat how to save on your respectfulness medlcatlons over 60 % . p wistful harmazmail shop - su tessera ccessfull and proven way to save your monicker money . stockjobbery v a splinter g limnetic l l eyeshadow u sepulchre l r inferno ac applaud la i undercooling sva inveigle l poltroon m andmanyother . * best p uterine rlces * worldwide shlp contractor plng * total confidentiaii orderly ty * over 5 errandboy miliion customers have a nic bushel e day ! 
2	Subject: please read lncrease your spurm volum , and orgzm duration main benifits are ; - the longest most intense orgaasms of your life - eerctions like steeel - enhancced libido / desire - stronger ejacuulaton - multple 0 - rgsms - up to 4 oo % more volume ( cover her fully ) - recent surveys show it tastes much sweeter ! dlscreet same day shlpplng - try lt , you ' ll love it ! ! ( and so ' ll she ! ) no morepls  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; start date : 1 / 14 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011406 . txt 
2	Subject: price revved up on breaking news secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticals ! tota | shares issued many of you are already familiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 002 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: that was best sex i have ever hash hey ! we have a n - e - w product that we offer to you , c _ i _ a _ l _ i _ s soft tabs , clal 1 s soft tabs is the new impotencie treatment d - r - u - g that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of v - 1 - a - g - r - a action ! the active ingredient is tadalaf 11 , same as in brand c - 1 - a - l - i - s . simply disolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before s - e - x , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcoh 0 l drinks with them ) . http : / / zigzagging . net / cs / ? yol 23 regards , andrew nixon uvvsfn nundjxto ok , please give me a break http : / / katchemack . net / rm . php ? yol 23 httb oinvgr 
2	Subject: re : hotel for the wharton trip i ' m not sure i ' m going to make it to phila because of prc . i will advise next week . also , can you tell me paula ' s last name that we rode with the other day when you all took me to the airport ? thanks . vince j kaminski 11 / 20 / 2000 04 : 34 pm to : jennifer burns / hou / ect @ ect cc : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , piazzet @ wharton . upenn . edu subject : hotel for the wharton trip jennifer , this is the address of the hotel within a walking distance to the wharton school . please , make the reservation for jeff shankman at this hotel for the december the 6 th meeting . vince kaminski http : / / www . innatpenn . com / contact . html the inn at penn sansom common , 3600 sansom street philadelphia , pa . 19104 phone : 1 - 800 - 809 - 7001 fax : 215 - 222 - 4600 please , mention that the stay is related to the university business when making the reservation . tom piazze at wharton can confirm it . tom piazze phone : ( 215 ) 898 1615 piazzet @ wharton . upenn . edu 
2	Subject: no more foreign oil yes to eco friendly the eco - investor bulletin " investing for a better world " triton technologies , inc . otc : tntg with oil prices now well over $ 50 and near - constant international instability highlighting the vulnerability of the us and world economies to petroleum supply shortages , the use of renewable , alternative energy sources has taken on new and immediate importance . . some of the most widespread and feasible of these new technologies are already being incorporated into everyday usage - foremost among these is the use of ethanol fuel as an oxygenator in petroleum to reduce emissions and as an alternative fuel source . ethanol is already blended in approximately 30 % of us gasoline as an environmental additive , while the use of rfg ( reformulated gasoline ) could more than double demand . according to industry estimates , in 2004 the use of ethanol fuel helped to reduce the average cost of gasoline by nearly 30 cents per gallon , while it reduced over 7 million tons of co 2 - equivalent greenhouse gas emissions . government regulatory measures including epact and clean air standards , as well as new policies banning the use of mtbte are acting as a major catalyst towards ethanol industry growth - with an estimated 3 . 4 billion gallons used in the us in 2004 , demand is expected to skyrocket to more than 12 billion by 2010 . in spite of this tremendous and growing demand , however , there is a significant and serious ethanol supply crunch - driving up prices of ethanol on the open market , spurring major government interest and wall street investment . ethanol production has traditionally been a costly and complex endeavor , requiring heavy subsidies to coax producers to ramp up their operations to meet demand . there are currently 81 ethanol plants in the us , capable of producing 3 . 6 billion gallons annually - a figure that is barely adequate to meet current demand , let alone keep up with future demand . the ethanol industry is struggling to meet this demand with 16 additional plants and an annual capacity of 800 million gallons already under construction . it is no surprise then , that the street is eagerly awaiting new investment opportunities in the ethanol and clean energy industries - a trend which has been validated by the recent high - profile $ 250 million merger of pacific ethanol , inc . ( nasdaq : peix ) with accessity corp . to form the first us - based pure - play ethanol company . with this in mind , we would like to introduce you to our newest profile company , trinity technologies , inc . ( otc pink sheets : tntg ) , a name which you will soon be hearing about in the $ 35 billion renewable energy industry and which is making huge moves in ethanol and clean energy markets . tntg has developed a substantial intellectual property and alternative energy technology portfolio which promise tremendous revenue growth over the near term period . triton technologies , inc . is a rapidly emerging provider of renewable and clean energy and environmental technologies to lucrative global industrial and commercial markets . the company has developed a substantial technology portfolio of innovative new technologies , with operations including production of high - grade ethanol fuel ; rechargeable battery manufacturing ; and ultra - pure drinking water production . tntg has developed an innovative new ethanol production technology , capable of meeting huge global demand fuel , which can use alternative feedstock , and is roughly  the production cost of competitive methods . with construction of two major production facilities slated for later this year , we believe that tntg is ready to emerge as a major player in the $ 35 billion alternative energy industry ! ! special situation alert trinity technologies , inc . ( otc : tntg ) current price : $ 0 . 55 shares outstanding : 30 . 0 millionest . public float : 3 . 0 millionmarket capitalization : $ 9 . 0 millionindustry : alternative energy why shares undervalued ? 1 . ttng has developed a leading ethanol production technology which will utilize alternative feedstock to produce ethanol at a significant discount to competitive fermentation production methods - an estimated $ 0 . 80 per gallon compared to industry standard costs of $ 1 . 50 per gallon . 2 . through its starbourn - triton operation , scheduled to open two ethanol production facilities in ohio and the united kingdom , ttng is well positioned at the forefront of an explosive growth ethanol market which is expected to grow from $ 6 . 8 billion in 2003 to more than $ 24 billion by 2010 at it is increasingly used as a fuel oxygenate and energy alternative . 3 . ttng additionally has acquired manufacturing rights for new rechargeable battery manufacturing facilities in the us and italy , which will produce battery packs that will outperform the competition with 30 % greater life expectancy - positioning ttng at the forefront of a high growth $ 5 . 2 billion rechargeable battery market . 4 . titan is also addressing lucrative markets for clean water with its licensed equus water purification technology and system which can produce pure and potable water from any feed water source . this system will produce clean water from impure source water at an average cost of less than $ 200 per acre - foot , compared to prevailing industry costs of $ 1000 per acre - foot . 5 . tntg anticipates tremendous near - term revenue growth with construction of its first two ethanol production facilities , ramp - up in battery operations , and sales of its equus system . tntg expects to realize sales of of approximately $ 28 million during fiscal 2005 alone ! ! ! 6 . tntg has built a first - class management team composed of experienced executives in the alternative energy , technology , and manufacturing industries . ceo christopher zanardi has spent a career in the marketing and product management of new and clean energy technologies , while coo russell hilbourn has spent over twenty five years in public and private sector management in the energy industry . this is an investment opportunity that you cannot afford to miss - we think the time is ideal for an investment which will see huge short - term profits while investing in a future conglomerate with a tremendous long - term outlook . tntg is uniquely positioned to see major revenues and profitable operations over the next fiscal year as it completes construction of its first ethanol production facilities . we urge you to consider investing now , while trading levels are still low and before the investment community recognizes the inherent potential of this clean energy conglomerate in the making . as the company begins to see revenues from its ethanol sales , and embarks on additional clean energy and environmental technology ventures , this stock will see major price gains ! ! ! this stock could justifiably reach trading levels of up to $ 2 . 50 within the next several trading weeks ! ! ! disclaimer : information within this email contains " forwardlooking statements " withinhe meaning of section 27 aof the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b ofthesecurities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involvediscussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events orperformance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forwardlooking statements . " forwardlooking statements are based onexpectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are madethat involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actualresults or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the useof words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " understands " or that by statements indicatingcertain actions " may , " " could , " or " might " occur . risk factors includegeneral economic and business conditions , the ability to acquire anddevelopspecific projects , the ability to fund operations and changes in consumerand business consumption habits and other factors overwhich the company haslittle or no control . the publisher of this newsletter does not representthat the information contained in this message states all material facts ordoes not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein notmisleading . all information provided within this email pertaining toinvesting , stocks , securities must be understood as information providedandnot investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readersand subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional before deciding to trade in stocks featured within thisemail . none of the material within this report shall be construed as anykind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are onthe verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in thisstock . we urge you to read the company ' s sec filings now , before youinvest . the publisher of this newsletter is not a registered invstment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting orinvestment advice . in compliance with the securitiesact of 1933 , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter is contracted to receive six hundredthousand free trading shares from a third party , not an officer , director oraffiliate shareholder for the circulation of this report . be aware of aninherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to thefact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . the partythat paid us has a position in the stock they will sell at anytime withoutnotice . this could have a negative impact on the price of the stock , causingyou to lose money . all factual information in this report was gathered frompublic sources , including but not limited to sec filings , company websitesand company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes thisinformationto be eliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy orcompleteness . use of the material within this email constitutes youracceptance of these terms . we were paid 20 , 000 for this mailing  
2	Subject: california litigation team - weekly conference call the california litigation team weekly conference call will be held today from 2 : 00 to 3 : 00 p . m . central time . domestic dial in number : 1 - 800 - 713 - 8600 international dial in number : 1 - 801 - 983 - 4017 passcode : 56871 host : mark haedicke janette elbertson enron wholesale services legal department - eb 3326 telephone : ( 713 ) 853 - 7906 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 2600 e - mail address : janette . elbertson @ enron . com 
2	Subject: undelivered mail returned to sender this is the zapp - smtp program at host mail . zappmobile . ro . i ' m sorry to have to inform you that the message returned below could not be delivered to one or more destinations . for further assistance , please send mail to if you do so , please include this problem report . you can delete your own text from the message returned below . the zapp - smtp program : host / var / imap / socket / lmtp [ / var / imap / socket / lmtp ] said : 552 5 . 2 . 2 over quota ( in reply to rcpt to command ) 
2	Subject: tuesday meeting please plan to attend a meeting on tuesday , november 7 from 3 : 00 - 4 : 30 pm in eb 4194 . jim and sean want to touch base with you on the tw throughput analysis and ask you a few additional questions as they prepare to meet with you on november 21 with final results . thanks , kim . 
2	Subject: draft press release attached is a draft press release announcing the resumption of trading tomorrow . please review , and if you have any comments or changes , please contact me by email or at x 39757 . thank you . karen 
2	Subject: desk to desk deal needed at meter 378 for february 2000 aimee : i need a desk to desk deal set up at meter 378 for february 2000 . it is an ena sale ( delivery ) on the 202 contract and an hpl buy ( receipt ) on the hpl 216 contract . this is a very high priority because the bridge will close today . if possible would you have this completed by noon today ? thanks , fred 
2	Subject: burmese dyer conquer what ' s up you gotta buy some g e n e r i c c , i , a , l , i , s get these and other benefits : - many times more powerful than other meds - longer sex - side effects are less - can add length to your erection to instantly order we also have a m b i e n , c i a l i s and . . . other meds physician ' s consult is f . r . e . e . f . r . e . e discreet shipping no more offers  
2	Subject: re : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives bernard , yes , i can read a dvi file . you can also cc my home address : vkaminski @ aol . com . i shall try to send you an answer to your question on weekend . vince " murphy , bernard " on 03 / 01 / 2001 09 : 18 : 58 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives vince , i can send you a scientific word dvi file ( at the weekend ) if you can read scientific word files ? the dissertation hasn ' t been reviewed by les or the external yet - although its been at forc for 2 months . i think that the empirical chapter is probably the one which would be of most relevance to both our company ' s businesses - although i ultimately didn ' t have the time to ' explicitly ' price the jump risk - premium which i conjectured is possibly implicit in the prices of exchange - traded electricity futures - options - rather i developed an implicit estimation procedure which will enable a rough assessment ( with a little bit of further work , but not too much ) be made of the price of jump risk in wholesale power markets . in other words , i assumed spot jump - risk to be undiversifiable , and essentially devoted 2 theoretical chapters to : 1 ) proving that a jump - diffusion trading model is " incomplete " ( synthesising the securities markets framework with martingale representation theory ) - note that i did not assume that markets could be dynamically completed with ' term structure ' securities as in the hjm w / jumps papers of shirakawa and das and ; 2 ) deriving an explicit risk - adjustment process for ' implementing ' the price of jump - risk using a jump - diffusion marginal indirect utility of wealth process ( ie . a jump - augmented production economy approach in the spirit of cir , bates , ahn whereas in the latter the driftless forward supposition means that i have to capture mean - reversion via the futures volatility function , and jumps are less easy to calibrate . any suggestions ? regards bernard - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : 01 march 2001 14 : 54 to : murphy , bernard cc : shirley . crenshaw @ enron . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives bernard , i am forwarding your message to my assistant and she will mail you a reprint . i would be glad to take a look at your dissertation . is it available as a publication , working paper ? vince " murphy , bernard " on 03 / 01 / 2001 02 : 17 : 39 am to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : 1997 risk paper on pricing of electricity derivatives hello vince , my name is bernard murphy - i received your e - mail address from les clewlow , who was my phd supervisor at the financia options research centre at warwick business school . i ' ve just finished my phd on electricity price jump diffusions : a theoretical and empirical study in incomplete markets - hence my interest in electricity price modelling and derivative pricing . i was looking to get hold of a copy of your 1997 paper , which has recently come to my attention : " the challenge of pricing & risk - managing electricity derivatives " , the us power market , risk publications , pp . 149 - 171 . and les suggested that i contact you directly ( les is travelling at present and doesn ' t have an electronic copy available ) to request an e - copy . incidentally , i am lecturer in finance / financial mathematics at university of limerick ( ireland ) and have taken a year out to work for caminus uk , where i am working on introducing and developing a markets - based approach ( spark - spread ) to real asset valuations in the uk power industry . thanks in advancve bernard murphy 
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: l . a times personals : don ' t you need someone to hold goodbye clock ameslanchronic bp brendageographer matroid rundownphonograph deregulate byronicconnivance set adroitpratt coppery gushforbade abovementioned latchtitmouse drum squidbentley upsurge australisfredericks 
2	Subject: copano changes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 02 / 10 / 2000 10 : 39 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - troy _ a _ benoit @ reliantenergy . com on 02 / 10 / 2000 10 : 23 : 49 am to : " ami chokshi " cc : subject : copano changes ( see attached file : hpl - feb . xls ) - hpl - feb . xls 
2	Subject: legal way to increase your income . security sign : ya - 1816 the home based business for anyone with a strong desire ! would you rather have financial independence or time freedom ? how about both ? everyday people living extraordinary lives their very first year ! your success will be achieved with personal mentoring by a group of individuals that have already achieved a multiple six - figure income . the system that is in place works perfectly . if you are not satisfied with unfairly low salary and ready to earn much more , you have come to the right place . anyone that is coachable and trainable will succeed . this opportunity requires no personal selling or explaining . here are just a few of your benefits . - - 1 . your freedom 2 . your financial independence 3 . unparalleled training and support 4 . more time with your family 5 . total time flexibility 6 . work at your own place 7 . your security 8 . your earnings determined by you 9 . no one giving you orders 10 . no commutes 11 . no more making others rich 12 . no boss looking over your shoulder - - earnings potential this has the potential of being a six to seven - figure opportunity that is designed for anyone to operate . you can make $ 1 , 000 per sale and have add - on sales that bring $ 5 , 000 and $ 8 , 000 , with no additional work . ordinary people become extraordinary in a matter of weeks ! fast cash more personal time unlike " traditional " businesses such as franchises costing $ 50 , 000 to $ 500 , 000 with unstable income and requiring work levels of 60 - 80 hours a week , this business has the potential of generating results quickly . you will be provided the names of many successful leaders that will gladly share their expertise so that you can be successful . you will not be relying on just one individual - our entire team is dedicated to your success . your business will be launched on a first come first served basis so the first callers receive immediate attention and later callers may have to wait to be coached . for those who are ready to start today you will be shown how to potentially make money this week ! if you can follow simple directions , then you will do very well using the simple system of this business . unparalleled training why depend on just one person for your training ? with our team you will be coached and individually assisted by a whole team of experts . there are trainers who have had six figure months ! and so can you ! they will gladly share with you their secrets . the reason anyone can be successful is because of the system . you will receive unparalleled training and support . it is worth repeating here . the system was designed from the ground up to be able to allow anyone to learn the business . all you need is the drive and a stick - to - it attitude . everything else is in place . frequently asked questions q : is this m l m ( multi - level marketing ) ? a : no it is not . m l m is a great concept but it lacks a system that provides individual support . also , realistically it takes 1 - 5 years to achieve huge success in an m l m . our system is designed for you to achieve success in a shorter period - almost from the first week of working your business . q : do i have to talk to people in this business ? a : yes , you have to talk to people but only simple conversation skills are required . we do no telling , selling , or explaining of any product , nor do we try to convince anyone to buy our products . q : are there other costs involved in running this business ? a : no . anyone who tells you that it does take money to build a business is lying to you . this is a business that generates a substantial income and does not require initial investments . q : on a scale of 1 - 10 what is the difficulty level of running this business ? a : with 10 being the most difficult and 1 being the simplest , out of all the businesses , i would say for most everyone , it will be a 1 if they are coachable and trainable and follow our simple system . the system for your success your action  your success ! winners take action ! winners make decisions and take action . . . when they see an opportunity . they also follow the examples of other successful people because it ' s much more efficient than learning the hard way . winners don ' t make excuses and they never procrastinate . losers will procrastinate or study a problem endlessly to make sure they don ' t do anything " rash " . you can either decide to leave my ad without responding or you can call now and get started immediately in one of the most exciting businesses available today . lame excuse # 1 " i ' m not sure i want to invest my money to start a business when i have seen some that i can start for free . " if you want a ' job ' with startup costs , you ' re on the wrong place . lame excuse # 2 " i don ' t have enough time to operate & promote a home business . " do you have 15 - 25 hours a week to obtain the lifestyle you deserve ? countless people from all walks of life , regardless of education or background , are running successful businesses from home setting their own hours and making fortunes by following a simple marketing system that allows financial , personal , and time freedom to live the life they deserve . lame excuse # 3 " i ' ve tried other businesses that sound similar to this , so i don ' t think i am going to call . " colonel sanders tried to sell the idea of kentucky fried chicken 1700 times before someone bought into the idea . what if he had thought the same as you and given up after the 10 th time , or worse , given up on the 1699 th try . persistence and belief in yourself is the key to success . the lessons learned from past failures increase your chance for success the next time . walking away from this opportunity is giving up , plain and simple . successful people never quit or give up on themselves ! ! " the true definition of insanity is doing the same things and expecting different results . " a c t n o w ! this business requires a small time commitment for making mega wealth . here , you can make the money and actually have the time to spend it ! your steps to success : 1 . fill the form 2 . send it to us 3 . follow our step by step instructions please fill it and send it to : support @ m - pays . com 1 . your full name : 2 . present address ( street ) : 3 . city : 4 . state : 5 . zip / postal : 6 . country : 7 . email : 8 . age : 9 . employment desired ( full - time or part - time ) : 10 . have you any accounts with banks ? if yes , please mention the name of the bank . a few words about yourself : all emails should be directed to : antonyhessener @ max - pays . net - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - best wishes antony hessener max - pays . personnel manager antonyhessener @ max - pays . net digi - sign : 3443 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ps . for of all sad words of tongue or pen , the saddest are these , " it might have been . " john greenleaf whittier ( 1807 - 1892 ) - to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml / 
2	Subject: compression deals please do not forward this message to anyone . this email articulates the frustration that we have had with ees since the very beginning of this year . per your recommendation for pricing , we contacted don black who forwarded us to sean holmes who forwarded us to richard zdunkiewicz . chris is meeting with richard this morning , but i am highly doubtful of its effectiveness . like chris , i am tired of communicating with a lot of vps who are not accountable for their business . i do not understand why ees does not see the value in capturing the tolling spread between gas and power . compressor load is much more manageable than their standard retail customer . if need be , should i go talk to delainey ? whalley ? i am trying to be patient , but i want to close some compression deals this quarter . regards , mrha - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hilgert , chris sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 9 : 35 am to : mrha , jean subject : fw : compression deals - meeting scheduled importance : high jean , per your request , here is the e - mail that showed up in my inbox without even a phone calle to lacye or me . i was specifically told by scott gahn that he had talked to dave delainey and janet deitrich about involving ees origination in this loop and they agreed that it did not make sense . we were referred to jim wood who we talked to and he responded back to us that he did not believe that ees would be able to work with us as our deals did not fit their new " standardized " pistol . we then moved to don black and you know the rest from there . we keep having these people show up in our world and i am tired of it because all they do is waste our time and stick their hand out for having done nothing . john kiani called jodi thrasher ( an analyst who he had been working with ) to sniff out the purpose of this meeting and she told him that greg sharp had called it to determine which people we should be working with per ees ' " standard products barnwell , bo ; hilgert , chris ; knippa , mark ; miles , andrew cc : sharp , greg ; velasco , xochitl - alexis subject : compression deals - meeting scheduled date : wednesday , may 2 time : 4 : 30 - 5 : 00 pm place : eb 751 attendees : greg sharp bo barnwell jodi thrasher chris hilgert mark knippa andrew miles 
2	Subject: california update 5 / 09 please contact kristin walsh ( 713 ) 853 - 9510 or britt whitman ( 713 ) 345 - 4014 for questions . executive summary ? california ' s bond inevitability ? davis faces even greater financial woes ? california ' s creditor status debated by court ? windfall profits tax bill ( sb lx / ab 128 x ) passes senate vote , davis expected to sign off california bond battle sb 31 x passed the senate today by a simple majority vote , initiating the 90 day wait period on the revenue bonds issuance . sources indicate that contrary to media reports , a possible referendum on the sb 31 x would be unlikely for harvey rosenfield to produce within 90 days due to insufficient funding . he reportedly would need to raise $ 250 , 000 - $ 500 , 000 very quickly . sources believe that it is more likely that harvey will attempt to set up an initiative later this year or in 2002 . davis financial woes just beginning it is unclear whether governor davis truly will be able to move money around within the state budget to cover power purchases until august . of the $ 13 . 4 billion bond amount authorized , approximately $ 6 . 7 billion has already been spent on power . it is likely that the state will spend more than the remaining $ 6 . 7 billion on power before the bonds are even issued . sources indicate that most of the long - term contracts davis talks about are unsigned and not really in place . this means that the state may still have to purchase the majority of power on the spot market , which further complicates the situation . as reported earlier , this explains why the republicans wanted to wait for davis to disclose the terms of the contracts before authorizing the bond issuance . given the lack of contracts in place , it appears that the bridge loan and the bonds will be inadequate for all of the state ' s power purchases . " to be or not to be , " is california a creditor ? sources indicate that lawyers and members of the generator community reviewing california ' s revenue bond bill sb 31 x , are unclear as to whether the state of california has claims as a creditor . it appears at this time , that the assembly re - wrote senator bowen ' s language so that the bill relies on the existing interpretation of ab lx as to when the state gets paid by the utilities . this exact issue is currently being reviewed in the pg & e bankruptcy case and will most likely settle this ongoing dispute between legislatures and utilities . windfall profits tax according to sources , the windfall profits tax bill , sb lx , still remains in committee in the assembly . it is unclear if this bill could be brought to a vote tomorrow given that each house has not reviewed the other ' s version of the bill . sources further indicate that the senate version sb lx , has not yet been referred to an assembly policy committee and that a " significant reconciliation process " between the two bills must occur . for example , unlike the senate version , the assembly version reportedly does not set a price cap based on a firm dollar amount , but instead leaves the decision up to a regulatory committee such as the puc . once the bond issuance passes the senate and is officially authorized , the state will likely be able to get its bridge loan from the lenders . however , sources indicate that the bridge loan is " dead " unless the senate moves before thursday . 
2	Subject: doctors invent spe . rm ` pills " lncrease sperm volume , and orgasm length major benefits : the longest most intense orgasms of your life erctions like steel lncreased libido / desire stronger ejaculaton multiple or . gasms up to 5 oo % more volume other benefits same day shipplng - try it , you ' ll love it ! ( and she ' ll be greatful for it ) find out more here de . | . ete me  
2	Subject: re : cp & l can we verified this gas flowed ? if it did it should have been billed on his term deal if there was one in place . if the gas flowed and we did not invoice for it on term let me know and i will put it in . janet h wallis 03 / 22 / 2001 04 : 53 pm to : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect cc : katherine herrera / corp / enron @ enron subject : cp & l bob says he was not billed for a purchase he made from you at 5 k $ 5 . 16 on feb 21 st . will you check this out and get with bob a and katherine herrera . jw 
2	Subject: xanax - 5 free pills ` oniine rx vlagra - $ 7 o vallum - $ 7 o clalls - $ 7 o amblen - $ llo soma - $ 6 o and more . . visit site here remo . ve  
2	Subject: look ! desparately seeking 100 lazy people . . . . who wants to make money this is not spam . thanks for posting to our promotional web sites . if you wish to no longer receive email from us at this email address , or if you feel you received this email in error please send an email message to solution 244 @ hotmail . com with " remove " placed in the subject line dear friend , we are desparately looking for 100 lazy people who wish to make lots of money without working . we are not looking for people who are self - motivated . we are not looking for people who join every ' get rich quick ' scheme offered on the internet . we are not looking for class presidents , beautiful people , career builders or even college graduates . we don ' t even want union workers or trade school graduates . we want the laziest people that exist - the guys and gals who expect to make money without lifting a finger . we want the people who stay in bed until noon . we want those of you who think that getting out of bed to go lay on the couch is an effort that is best not thought about . if you meet this criteria , go to this site and join free : in case you haven ' t figured it out yet , we want the kind of people who do not take risks . if you are the kind of person who will consider doing something that ' s not a ' sure thing ' , then do not respond . this is too easy a way to make money and there ' s no challenge in it . if you can get to the website , you will be able to see the first home business in history that requires no work . none . by clicking on this link and going to this website , you will be aknowledging the fact that you want to make enough money that you can quit your regular job and sleep all day . we are not looking for a commitment from you and we don ' t even want your money . as a matter of fact , we don ' t even want you to hear from us again if the idea of making lots of money without working does not interest you . so if nothing else , remember this - to make money without working for it just " join free " . simple as that . we look forward to hearing from you . in all seriousness , this is not a " no work " program that will make you money without lifting a finger . advertising effectively requires work and plenty of it . oh , for sure , it ' s not like picking cotton under a broiling sun , but it is work , nonetheless . and we do want peoples ' money only when they see the value of our products , services and upgrades . we look forward to hearing from you . cordially your lazy friend , theresa brown we have 10 extremely targeted safe - lists for you to use daily in your advertising campaign ! this is spam - free , worry - free advertising at its best ! get your promotion to prosperity & peace sow a seed and god will meet your need ! give to your local charitable organization life in the word www . joycemeyer . org success begins in the mind ! * * * make it a great day * * * 
2	Subject: about celebration best hard , ready . hold , plain remember , course . fact , many hand view rain , and . off mix ball car , plan several . now , care good . ship also joy . page rail island beat , beauty . much large space boat , made add . oh hair ease , key dry . imagine much notice , deep . fit plane stay new . eat ask out , act . very word , they cross mark star . race cross need . - - phone : 212 - 968 - 1324 mobile : 479 - 241 - 5092 email : ezra . clark @ simnet . is  
2	Subject: re : rolex order details . - vangelis wz 0548 qe hello italian quality rolexs all reputed makes and models available daytona submariner yacht - master date - date explorer gmt - master ii air - king date - just day - date oyster perpetual watches , clocks and alarm clocks manufactured in switzerland bear the designation - swiss made - ( or its abbreviation swiss ) as well as the logo of the producer or distributor . this label enjoys a solid reputation throughout the world . what lies behind this reputation what does a label like this mean for the consumer swiss made embodies a concept of quality that has been forged over the years . it includes the technical quality of watches ( accuracy , reliability , water - resistance and shock - resistance ) , as well as their aesthetic quality ( elegance and originality of design ) . it covers both traditional manufacturing and new technologies ( micro - electronics ) . the swiss are not the only watchmakers to manufacture high - quality timepieces and are consequently faced with strong competition . however , thanks to their unique infrastructure and to their know - how and spirit of innovation , they have succeeded in maintaining their leading position . the intrinsic value of the swiss made label , therefore , is the result of considerable efforts on the part of watchmaking companies , who are ultimately responsible for maintaining its reputation . sincerely , beau ames sales manager italian quality rolexs  
2	Subject: approval no . 09110129 hello , we tried contacting you awhile ago about your low interest morta ( ge rate . you have qualified for the lowest rate in years . . . you could get over $ 308 , 000 for as little as $ 522 a month ! ba ( d credit ? doesn ' t matter , low rates are fixed no matter what ! to get a free , no obli , gation consultation click below : or http : / / www . goodwayz . com / x / loan 2 . php ? id  bo best regards , dillon osborne to be remov ( ed : http : / / www . goodwayz . com . com / x / st . html this process takes one week , so please be patient . we do our  
2	Subject: http : / / www . shackleton . net hello , i have visited www . shackleton . net and noticed that your website is not listed on some search engines . i am sure that through our service the number of people who visit your website will definitely increase . seekercenter is a unique technology that instantly submits your website to over 500 , 000 search engines and directories - - a really low - cost and effective way to advertise your site . for more details please go to seekercenter . net . give your website maximum exposure today ! looking forward to hearing from you . best regards , vanessa lintner sales marketing www . seekercenter . net you are receiving this email because you opted - in to receive special offers through a partner website . if you feel that you received this email in error or do not wish to receive additional special offers , please enter your email address here and click the button of remove me :  
2	Subject: lose your weight . new weightloss loses up to 19 % . hello , i have a special offer for you . . . want to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarante ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - burns calorized fat . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 : http : / / adiprenl 2 . com / - - - - system information - - - - distinction case of implementations expectations preference most consistency may of category working validate patent publications i - 025 : because into associate weekday / weekend spell lesser of united indicator example : it even been stroke - radical running describe parts general example : support documents such field list 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; start date : 12 / 19 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 1 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121901 . txt 
2	Subject: transmission roundtable meeting the meeting will be held on december 8 , 2000 from 11 : 30 am to 1 : 00 pm in conference room eb 19 cl . box lunches will be served . your choices are listed below : salads : roasted chicken cobb salad , grilled chicken caesar salad , classic chef salad sandwiches : turkey , roast beef , ham , chicken salad , tuna salad or club sandwich . served on homemade white or wheat bread please email your lunch choice to me by monday , december 4 , 2000 . thanks and regards , anita dupont 
2	Subject: united way executive solicitation as you know , enron  , s united way executive solicitation is well under way . august 9 th is the target date to achieve 100 % participation and finalize the commitment from our executives and is also the date for the kickoff of the company wide drive . we have a way to go to meet this objective . as of august 3 rd less than 25 % of our executives have turned in their pledge . enron  , s united way goal for the year is $ 2 . 3 million ( before the corporate match ) . ena  , s share of this goal is $ 346 , 500 . while these are aggressive goals , they are very doable , and if everyone contributes their fair share , we can easily surpass these goals . along with focusing on meeting our financial goals , i  , d like to have 100 % participation throughout the organization . this is especially important among our executives . we define " participation " as an employee who has completed their pledge on - line and made a contribution , no matter what the level . i am a proud member of the alexis de tocqueville society , which is a contributor of $ 10 , 000 or more and have pledged significantly more this year than last year . enron has 39 members of this society , only 5 of which are from ena . i would like to see this number increase significantly and if you are able , i would like you to consider stepping up to this level . given the fact that enron executives are highly compensated with generous options and bonus program , i encourage each of you to at least become a member of the " make a difference " club , which is a contribution of 1 . 2 % of your annual salary . i would also challenge each of you to increase your pledge this year , regardless of your level of giving last year . with the campaign going on - line with electronic pledging , i  , ll need the support of you and your campaigners to increase participation levels across the ena organization and reach our financial goals . whatever your decision regarding the level of your pledge , we need 100 % participation from our executives in order to set a good example for the rest of ena . your contribution to the united way will continue to make a difference in our community . when you give , you change a life right here in our community . please join me in setting the standard for ena by giving generously and getting your pledges in by august 9 th . log - in to system on netscape or explorer - - unitedway . enron . com 
2	Subject: loretta emory tired of searching for the best possible financial solution . only apply once and let the financial consultants come to you . no more endless searching . have up to 4 qualified professional consultants come to you . programs in all state for all of your financial problems . home allowances financial restructure and more . . . geat more information rem at www . supriseyourmate . biz gwyn other levity rapprochement cinder cottonwood insect jacobus shred baronial detroit nightcap pencil plat centipede hippocratic envious annex heckle coeditor bleed austenite cluck andover equilibria classroom didn ' t babcock ferromagnet heigh asuncion corporeal autonomous sawyer sigmund isaac dubhe fitful his literacy quadrupole degrade checklist abroad hare nymphomaniac probabilist harmon dogtooth deliquescent courteous abstruse flock etiquette dreadnought foothill byte affirmative acquiescent construe demitting era bismuth impartial caravan enchantress crt laminar granular bobble repulsive coercive grubby impel epithet cocklebur polysaccharide ruddy benthic hydrophobia appellant gravid fin halogen greatcoat fortin patterson epidemic brasilia energetic garrisonian cane boxcar hygrometer clement depute abroad pail abrasion maidservant pong anastomosis berglund approximable conversation belgian gaur luscious joyce encumbrance dalton sextet showpiece erudite icicle earthen monrovia hothouse excitatory bluebook expanse l ' s julep frederick clot cede biceps scenery knightsbridge corrigible homonym incondensable anywhere joaquin annale exhibit excursus butterfat pepsi eastward maddox antiquary frigga reluctant henceforth delia conscription petal jar rapier christine kobayashi pivotal holman escapee appreciable buttery ethane harness linkage collapsible leonine awash pueblo bowman impasse readout guano serviceable ferric debra az ethology doubtful helical screwball accusatory compressor chicanery sepuchral hit anthropomorphism fend heft regional downside forthright ground delude gable panacea armillaria eyelash reflect nuthatch deity restorative bloodstone domain demo facet cavalry fermi breastwork coherent emotional happen city saturday diphtheria erotic coroutine haul babel begotten candid nearsighted cadillac hankel fibrin scenario ayers counselor belove burtt chevron charm fourth atavistic exclusionary immovable consort milton gestalt poem gauze earthshaking knowles sake help gordian amende esmark estonia midwinter cede roger dharma fowl archetypical calm hell barth darken lineage compilation plowman pontificate halifax monoxide appellate crowberry incongruous peril polyploidy audiovisual popish bitterroot demigod blissful regretful idyllic ordinance banshee mahayana inflammable cask emasculate sense carbohydrate andy showroom accusatory haiku hash legislature samson contact cushman eocene conversation optimistic rodent lunchroom sepoy butch rifleman grayish ahem rocco potbelly canvasback consume corollary ammerman embedder forbade embed cuddly acme gin imagine cargoes drier asphalt brownell honduras inn capacitive remiss precipitate contrabass glare beograd inactivate curdle icicle ridgepole euterpe nietzsche heron enoch kenney markovian administratrix newbold gabrielle hypodermic rhododendron corruption deflect epstein gluey harriman churchmen karyatid carport immutable confidential accordion inconceivable infinite laden daytona doberman bitten constrain sentence burro extensive husky fastidious des alexandre fiendish inclose attitudinal footstool pythagorean invention doorstep exultant lange ginkgo grandchildren foliage peacock ghana bib bateman accident debonair forgettable cosh h ' s allison salesian fossil propound clint cheryl inasmuch install analogy abominable faustian glacis goat cowl downtrodden omniscient freetown coypu caption epicyclic argonaut burdensome awake contractual arteriosclerosis epoch northumberland phenomenology fruitful invigorate contributor huxley batavia inhuman falcon churn estuary racy mockingbird mettlesome lay knudsen cockle hoy confiscable morley altruist dorset gimmickry limpid confectionery brownish camera father melodrama modulo annuity qatar deadlock brittany pinehurst jelly malcontent sadler lilliputian carton mail donald hong barnacle santa belly burnt cuttlebone illogic blaspheme myofibril aorta phenylalanine indoor develop declaration dharma flocculate ferromagnetic hoof curry crowfoot bombay concurred atheist deterrent radiogram larkin cusp custodial exhale broadcast diehard jut day disciplinary serviette insipid collapse gas artillery callahan mummy grown comprehend delectable eyebrow insofar blubber net hodgepodge baptism inexpiable situ shove damsel base councilwoman bustle occultate regulate descartes mendacity fully bottom eavesdropped renaissance alpert jeffrey kathleen incoherent motel do innocuous cowry crosscut committal adieu barrage hierarchal irresolvable luminous am seasonal merrimack grippe eavesdrop damn dry luminary kurt halsey maine albrecht husbandman saturday accent fife athenian dromedary centrex grip counterpart culvert sat deacon gossip gaul klan resurgent charm ombudsperson picture incurring guelph bandage cyrillic deanna colonist repelling conflict add cone fascism rajah pliant grad pitney filmstrip hardbake canonic infrequent progress almagest barbudo harriet inarticulate economic implementer depreciate prismatic followeth ink calcite inexpedient inimitable avalanche papa asymptote employing privy monitory famish kenyon but histidine payday i ' d macroscopic expression caress flee newsweek nimh cohere conference shaggy cast diorite kay postcard angelica nagy dither blew dirty chute flageolet indira des rho greensboro draftsperson halogen perkins pigskin deregulate humidify britannica boule forthwith literate gray freeway bookish dread corroboree asymptotic cochineal craftsman funeral catharsis boeotian hipster bursty estimable piquant impelling concertina chemise auk algerian greensward bandstop derriere coaxial flood alicia gourmet fur alliterate neckline chaise adult fanatic postscript metallography heritage committee coup confound degrade candlelight baneful cryostat lusaka hackmatack mightn ' t senor evict paperbound shimmy demagnify nonsensical conklin discern chariot adelia luis courage peaceful horrid barracuda erskine sinistral alluvial . 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 18 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011805 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: miscellaneous for the may 8 th expanded staff meeting , i would like to include kevin heal ( lead , logistics ) and dianne seib ( sr . specialist , documentation ) as well as kathy reeves who is currently my only direct report at the manager level . kevin and dianne provide a lot of leadership to their respective groups , and i think it would be very useful for them to hear what beth has to say . do you think this will cause a problem given that you are restricting the houston attendance ? let me know your thoughts . for the prc meeting , i am currently planning to be in houston june 15 th and 16 th for the global conference . the best dates for me would be tuesday , june 13 th or wednesday , june 14 th , and i ' ll just come to houston earlier than planned . let me know once you ' ve finalized the date . for the training , there are only three people in energy operations doing reviews . the three are kevin heal , kathy reeves and me . i don ' t know norma ' s last name so would you mind forwarding this list to her . i will talk to dawn doucet about the best way to coordinate the training . let me know if you have questions . 
2	Subject: the future of continuing education select your state then press " go " to view ce courses available ( aol users click here ) al ak az ar ca co ct de dc fl ga hi id il in ia ks ky la me md ma mi mn ms mo mt ne nv nh nj nm ny nc nd oh ok or pa ri sc sd tn tx ut vt va wa wv wi wy we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to receive them . this is a professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insurancemail . net legal notice  
2	Subject: fw : jeff delainey is recruiting everybody . it will be very hard to meet the employee criteria set out by umbrulla if this continues . as you see below , he is even recruiting traders . it ' s hard enough with the external companies . john - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : thursday , january 10 , 2002 2 : 48 pm to : whalley , greg cc : kitchen , louise subject : delainey is everywhere . he is working on doug gilbert smith - head of ercot power trading . 
2	Subject: enron mentions - 11 / 24 / 01 - 11 / 25 / 01 accounting peer review gets more scrutiny the new york times , 11 / 25 / 01 an alternate reality the new york times , 11 / 25 / 01 will new york be told , once again , to drop dead ? the new york times , 11 / 25 / 01 dot - com is dot - gone , and the dream with it the new york times , 11 / 25 / 01 california wary of dynegy bid to buy out enron energy : both companies are prominent players in the state ' s power market . the move to combine their strength is raising some concerns . los angeles times , 11 / 25 / 01 enron ' s troubles could spur securities reforms los angeles times , 11 / 25 / 01 enron says it ' s still in talks with possible investors for cash bloomberg , 11 / 25 / 01 enron money woes raise concerns los angeles times , 11 / 25 / 01 hooked on a fast - growth habit ; ceos reach for double - digit results despite downturn , and some are making costly mistakes the washington post , 11 / 25 / 01 usa : enron employees sue as pension savings evaporate . reuters english news service , 11 / 25 / 01 india press : aditya birla may buy enron ' s dabhol stake dow jones international news , 11 / 25 / 01 companies & finance uk - enron seeks survival pact to aid dynegy ' s $ 9 bn rescue . financial times , 11 / 24 / 01 equity markets - power companies pack more punches - wall street . financial times , 11 / 24 / 01 world stock markets - wall st loses shine off its blue chip rise . financial times , 11 / 24 / 01 wait until dark the new york times , 11 / 24 / 01 heartened by holiday shopping , shares rise in quiet day the new york times , 11 / 24 / 01 dynegy scrambles to save enron deal energy : shares of the acquisition target have fallen 45 % since the merger was announced . analysts say the companies might renegotiate . los angeles times , 11 / 24 / 01 lawsuit slows msn broadband roll - out internet : the action by partner enron hurts sales during important holiday season , analysts say . the service has reached only 33 of the 45 targeted markets . los angeles times , 11 / 24 / 01 review could alter terms of enron sale to dynegy chicago tribune , 11 / 24 / 01 business blue chips turn in a strong day , reversing profit - taking sessions san jose mercury news , 11 / 24 / 01 dynegy , advisers pore over enron details ; deal san jose mercury news , 11 / 24 / 01 workers , nest eggs devastated portland oregonian , 11 / 24 / 01 analysis : travails of the enron corporation npr : weekend edition - saturday , 11 / 24 / 01 dynegy ' s right to enron pipeline may be disputed , barron ' s says bloomberg , 11 / 24 / 01 deal still on as enron shares drop 6 % houston chronicle , 11 / 24 / 01 money and business / financial desk ; section 3 investing : diary accounting peer review gets more scrutiny compiled by jeff sommer 11 / 25 / 2001 the new york times page 8 , column 1 c . 2001 new york times company the accounting industry ' s watchdog group is examining the industry ' s ' ' peer review ' ' process in light of enormous accounting problems at the enron corporation . the group , called the public oversight board , will meet next week to consider whether reviews of audits being conducted by accounting firms adequately safeguard the public interest , according to its chairman , charles bowsher . the session comes after revelations by enron that it had overstated earnings by nearly $ 600 million over four years and that it had inflated shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion because of ' ' an accounting error . ' ' arthur andersen has been enron ' s outside auditor for more than a decade , and its work has been submitted periodically to deloitte & touche for ' ' peer reviewing . ' ' one such review is being conducted now . representative john dingell , a michigan democrat , said in a letter to mr . bowsher that no big five accounting firm had ever issued a negative report after a peer review . mr . bowsher told bloomberg news that the oversight board would ask : ' ' how can you have peer reviews and still have these kinds of failures ? ' ' copyright ? 2000 dow jones section 4 reckonings an alternate reality by paul krugman 11 / 25 / 2001 the new york times page 11 , column 1 c . 2001 new york times company most americans get their news from tv . and what they see is heartwarming - - a picture of a nation behaving well in a time of crisis . indeed , the vast majority of americans have been both resolute and generous . but that ' s not the whole story , and the images tv doesn ' t show are anything but heartwarming . a full picture would show politicians and businessmen behaving badly , with this bad behavior made possible - - and made worse - - by the fact that these days selfishness comes tightly wrapped in the flag . if you pay attention to the whole picture , you start to feel that you are living in a different reality from the one on tv . the alternate reality isn ' t deeply hidden . it ' s available to anyone with a modem , and some of it makes it into quality newspapers . often you can find the best reporting on what ' s really going on in the business section , because business reporters and commentators are not expected to view the world through rose - colored glasses . from an economist ' s point of view , the most revealing indicator of what ' s really happening is the post - sept . 11 fondness of politicians for ' ' lump - sum transfers . ' ' that ' s economese for payments that aren ' t contingent on the recipient ' s actions , and which therefore give no incentive for changed behavior . that ' s good if the transfer is meant to help someone in need , without reducing his motivation to work . it ' s bad if the alleged purpose of the transfer is to get the recipient to do something useful , like invest or hire more workers . so it tells you something when congress votes $ 15 billion in aid and loan guarantees for airline companies but not a penny for laid - off airline workers . it tells you even more when the house passes a ' ' stimulus ' ' bill that contains almost nothing for the unemployed but includes $ 25 billion in retroactive corporate tax cuts - - that is , pure lump - sum transfers to corporations , most of them highly profitable . most political reporting about the stimulus debate describes it as a conflict of ideologies . but ideology has nothing to do with it . no economic doctrine i ' m aware of , right or left , says that an $ 800 million lump - sum transfer to general motors will lead to more investment when the company is already sitting on $ 8 billion in cash . as jonathan chait points out , there used to be some question about the true motives of people like dick armey and tom delay . did they really believe in free markets , or did they just want to take from the poor and give to the rich ? now we know . of course , it ' s not all about lump - sum transfers . since sept . 11 there has also been a sustained effort , under cover of the national emergency , to open public lands to oil companies and logging interests . administration officials claim that it ' s all for the sake of national security , but when you discover that they also intend to reverse rules excluding snowmobiles from yellowstone , the truth becomes clear . so what ' s the real state of the nation ? on tv this looks like world war ii . but though our cause is just , for 99 . 9 percent of americans this war , waged by a small cadre of highly trained professionals , is a spectator event . and the home front looks not like wartime but like a postwar aftermath , in which the normal instincts of a nation at war - - to rally round the flag and place trust in our leaders - - are all too easily exploited . indeed , current events bear an almost eerie resemblance to the period just after world war i . john ashcroft is re - enacting the palmer raids , which swept up thousands of immigrants suspected of radicalism ; the vast majority turned out to be innocent of any wrongdoing , and some turned out to be u . s . citizens . executives at enron seem to have been channeling the spirit of charles ponzi . and the push to open public lands to private exploitation sounds like teapot dome , which also involved oil drilling on public land . presumably this time there have been no outright bribes , but the giveaways to corporations are actually much larger . what this country needs is a return to normalcy . and i don ' t mean the selective normalcy the bush administration wants , in which everyone goes shopping but the media continue to report only inspiring stories and war news . it ' s time to give the american people the whole picture . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section 3 market watch will new york be told , once again , to drop dead ? by alex berenson 11 / 25 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 2 c . 2001 new york times company nearly 11 weeks after the worst terrorist attack in history , new york is discovering just how much the rest of the united states cares about the nation ' s business and financial center . not much . early hopes that the nation would rally to help the city overcome the devastating economic impact of sept . 11 appear to have been misplaced . not only is gov . george e . pataki ' s ill - advised pitch for $ 54 billion in federal aid all but dead , apparently the city will struggle to get the $ 20 billion that president bush promised . yes , many of the city ' s economic problems are self - inflicted . with a municipal work force of 250 , 000 , new york employs one - seventh as many people as the federal government , excluding the armed forces . to support that bureaucracy , the city has the highest taxes of any local government in america . development is absurdly difficult , even outside manhattan . roads and bridges are a mess . but all of that was true before sept . 11 , and new york somehow made do . in fact , a record number of new jobs were created here in 2000 , according to steven malanga , senior fellow at the manhattan institute , a conservative policy group . ' ' in the last seven or eight years , the city ' s economy has rebounded in a way that ' s very encouraging , ' ' he said . the attacks changed all that . by discouraging people from coming to crowded places like times square , terrorism strikes at the heart of new york , said mitchell moss , director of the taub urban research center at new york university . ' ' new york ' s economy is built on interaction , ' ' he said . the industries that have suffered most severely are new york ' s most important employers : tourism , media , advertising and financial services , which was due for cuts even before the attacks . last month , the city lost 79 , 000 jobs , a record . the slowdown has blown a hole in city and state budgets , which are precariously balanced at the best of times . the citizens budget commission , a nonpartisan fiscal watchdog organization , predicts that the city will face a budget deficit of $ 4 billion next year . mayor rudolph w . giuliani has asked city agencies to cut their budgets by 15 percent . more cuts are coming . libraries will close earlier . parks will be dirtier . and city workers , who had been asking for big raises , will have to accept layoffs or pay cuts . even so , the city cannot get out of this hole alone . with taxes already too high , it cannot reach much deeper into its citizens ' pockets . and there are limits to how much it can cut services . a little federal help would go a long way toward righting the city ' s budget gap and restoring confidence in new york . mr . moss suggests the federal government take two steps to show its commitment to the city . first , it should help create a hub in lower manhattan that would connect transit lines from new jersey and long island with the subway . second , it should support ' ' security zones ' ' where high - profile securities firms and media companies could congregate if they wished . for now , at least , it appears that washington will let new york sink or swim on its own . that decision is foolish for both economic and symbolic reasons . if new york cannot right itself , the securities firms that are among its most important employers are as likely to move jobs to london or hong kong as chicago or atlanta . and if new york ' s streets grow dirty and its crime rate soars , other countries may question washington ' s promises of aid to those that try to deter terrorism . will a government that does not bother to aid its largest city in the wake of the worst terror attack in history really do much for islamabad or cairo ? ' ' what do we have a federal government for if it ' s not to give aid to state and local governments , at the level people live and get most of their government services ? ' ' asks james a . parrot , an economist at the fiscal policy institute , a labor - backed research organization . it is worse than unseemly that lawmakers are offering to pass a tax bill that will give billions of dollars to companies like enron and i . b . m . while refusing to send new york money that that city has already been promised . it is ( whisper this word ) unpatriotic . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section 9 dot - com is dot - gone , and the dream with it by john schwartz 11 / 25 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 2 c . 2001 new york times company mark leibovich recalled the day in 1999 when he showed up early for an appointment at a washington dot - com . mr . leibovich , a reporter for the washington post , was there to interview the company ' s executives . ' ' i got there just in time to see the c . e . o . himself wheeling a foosball table into the lobby ' ' to give the impression that the high - tech firm possessed the desired quantum of wackiness that its silicon valley counterparts are famous for . that is so over , and so much more over , even , than before . the popular obsession with the dot - com revolution , fading for more than a year , seems to have simply winked out since mid - september , as firemen and warriors have become the new heroes , and e - commerce ' s whiz kids are consigned to the cultural boneyard . not much more than a year ago , boosters of the new economy and their true believers in the press were claiming to have changed all the rules . not just in tech - fetish magazines like wired , but in self - styled cultural arbiters like new york magazine , which declared the 1990 ' s the ' ' e - decade . ' ' in a 1999 cover story , the essayist michael wolff - - himself a failed dot - com executive - - announced a brave new world . ' ' there is , at the elusive center of the e - experience , the fantasy that we might become free of economic laws , ' ' he wrote . ' ' all it takes to make otherworldly riches is the will and desire . ' ' it wasn ' t enough to make money . they had to make history . now they themselves are history . each day , the old idols seem to fade further into the dim past , barely recollected in a country where the languages of ' ' revolution ' ' and ' ' warfare ' ' are no longer just business metaphors . this is the next step after the bursting of the dot - com economic bubble - - the bursting of the cultural bubble , the end of the nerd as a crossover hit , of the i . p . o . zillionaire as role model to college students . the changing of the guard can be seen in little things . like henry blodget , the industry analyst who became famous for predicting early that amazon . com would reach $ 400 a share , announcing that he is taking a buyout and leaving merrill lynch at the grand old age of 35 . like the growing wave of books that focus not on the dot - com path to riches but on the wild plunge into the abyss . having failed to sell their dreams , they are now attempting to sell their failure . a documentary of the rise and fall of a silicon alley company was chronicled in ' ' startup . com ' ' by sebastian nokes , released last winter . books by former dot - com executives are arriving in stores . two of the first are ' ' a very public offering : a rebel ' s story of business excess , success , and reckoning ' ' by stephan paternot , founder of theglobe . com , and ' ' dot . bomb : my days and nights at an internet goliath , ' ' by j . david kuo . another is coming soon : ' ' boo hoo , ' ' the chronicle of the spectacular failure of boo . com , the luxury fashion site that burned through $ 185 million of its investors ' cash and had an online life of just six months , told by its profligate founders . did we mention that mr . blodget is writing a book ? for the most part , however , the flood of dot - com failure stories is being met with a national yawn . the tell - all books have bounced around the amazon . com rankings without making inroads into best - seller territory . and why not ? because former idols have feet of clay . in ' ' a very public offering , ' ' a book written as amateurishly as the company was run , did we need the image of mr . paternot dancing the night away in plastic pants ? ellen degeneres ' s new sitcom , ' ' the ellen show , ' ' is built around the notion of an executive returning to her hometown after the collapse of her dot - com , but the show sits at the miserable ranking of 93 rd for the season - - behind ' ' emeril , ' ' the celebrity chef comedy - - despite ms . degeneres ' s own considerable appeal . to amitai etzioni , a sociologist at george washington university , the country is experiencing an abrupt cultural shift away from the libertarian , individualistic values that were expressed in the celebration of the new economy and toward more old - fashioned values in the wake of the terrorist attacks , when government is not the problem and people are not the market . ' ' there ' s been a sea change , ' ' he said . the surge in charitable giving and blood donations after sept . 11 , he said , underscores ' ' the sense that you ' re willing to give priority to the common good , to public safety and public health . ' ' paulina borsook , the author of ' ' cyberselfish , ' ' a critical look at dot - com values published last year , said : ' ' people really crave a reminder of human bonds that have to do with sacrifice and fellowship and getting to know each other over time . it ' s not about changing jobs every six months and getting stock options . ' ' in the 90 ' s , college students hoping to emulate marc andreessen of netscape and other geek stars migrated to silicon valley or new york ' s silicon alley with thin resumes and visions of testarossas dancing in their heads . that ' s all changing , said thomas t . field , director of the center for the humanities at the university of maryland , baltimore county . ' ' many of the young adults that i see coming to campus now say they want fulfilling jobs , not just ways of earning money , ' ' he said . ' ' sounds awfully familiar , when you come from the 60 ' s generation . ' ' professor field suggested that protests over globalism , and the sense of security that flourished during the boom , made young people more willing to question the status quo and to take chances . during the i . p . o . frenzy , he said , students could not wait to get out of school and begin earning . this year , many of his students have chosen to study abroad in china , nepal , india and egypt . the country is in dot - com denial , ms . borsook said , adding , ' ' no one wants to admit that they were caught up in it , ' ' an attitude she calls ' ' i don ' t want to think that i drank the kool - aid . ' ' good riddance , said thomas frank , the author of ' ' one market under god : extreme capitalism , market populism and the end of economic democracy . ' ' the book is a withering attack on the ideas underlying the selling of the new economy , which he says co - opted hipness and the language of populism to serve greed and gain . the book has come out in paperback with a new afterword . ' ' it ' s going to take some time for it to sink in , ' ' mr . frank said . ' ' the dow isn ' t going to go to 36 , 000 , and the dot - coms aren ' t going to come back - - and a lot of people lost a lot of money . ' ' though dot - com executives might seem irrelevant these days , the technologies they sold , by and large , are not , pointed out paul saffo , an analyst at the institute for the future in menlo park , calif . ' ' people haven ' t stopped using the internet , ' ' he said . ' ' the fact is that it is changing the world , and it has changed the world . ' ' people now expect to be able to buy a book or make an airline reservation in the middle of the night , ' ' and it ' s washed into the rest of their lives . ' ' kevin kelly , who as a longtime editor of wired magazine helped create the heroic ethos surrounding dot - com entrepreneurs , acknowledged ' ' it came tumbling down with the towers . ' ' but mr . kelly insisted that these people would rise again . the generation of tyro executives who crashed and burned ' ' got better business education than they could if they had gotten a harvard m . b . a . , ' ' he said . ' ' they didn ' t set out to learn , but , boy , they are much smarter now . ' ' he predicts that the last decade has been the ' ' layup ' ' for a true cultural revolution to come - - he could not be specific , and his words may strike many as more dot - com hyperbole . it takes a special kind of gall for the same people who argued that the ' ' long boom ' ' suspended the laws of economics , and even unraveled the cycles of history , to fall back now on analysis of historical cycles to support their arguments . but to believe any less goes against the american grain , argued jason mccabe calacanis , the editor of the now - defunct silicon alley reporter . the dot - commer , seen today as a scam artist , will be reborn , he said , smarter and tougher , because he represents optimism itself . ' ' it ' s the belief that the future - - the individual ' s future and the future of the economy - - are going to be better in five years than they are today . ' ' but still . take a look at the book ' ' radical e ' ' by glenn rifkin and joel kurtzman , which offers ' ' lessons on how to rule the web ' ' after the bust . it extols companies that truly understand how to marry the world wide web to business . ' ' after five tumultuous years of hype and hysteria , ' ' the authors promise , ' ' the real advent of the web and e - business is now . ' ' one of the book ' s chief examples of a company that does it right , enron , has been in the news a lot lately , though not because of astute exploitation of e - commerce . no , enron - - which trades energy via the web - - has seen its stock collapse 90 percent . photos : the giants of e - commerce , who walked among us , are culturally extinct now with a war on . ( reuters ) ( pg . 1 ) ; no sure thing - - ellen degeneres , left , with cloris leachman , in a sitcom about a dot - commer who has moved back home . the show ranks 93 rd . ( monty brinton / cbs ) ( pg . 4 ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk california wary of dynegy bid to buy out enron energy : both companies are prominent players in the state ' s power market . the move to combine their strength is raising some concerns . nancy rivera brooks times staff writer 11 / 25 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 1 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company dynegy inc . of houston has been hailed as a hero on wall street , as it rides to deliver cross - town rival enron corp . from its self - inflicted ills and save energy markets from serious distress through its proposed $ 9 - billion buyout of the world ' s largest energy trader . but in california , dynegy has a different image . dynegy , co - owner of several southern california power plants , has been the quietest member of the " big five " group of energy producers commonly portrayed as villains by california politicians and regulators . gov . gray davis and others have called dynegy and its fellow energy suppliers " gougers " and " pirates " who manipulated the market and charged too much for electricity , precipitating california ' s blackout - studded energy crisis . partly because of the heightened political sensitivities to all things surrounding california ' s energy problems , the state is expected to play a central role in the proposed merger between dynegy and enron , antitrust experts and others say . the state ' s attorney general ' s office already has begun scrutinizing the proposed combination . if it merges with enron , another favorite davis target , dynegy would be a powerhouse in energy trading , electricity generation and natural gas transmission . and the combined firm would have a strong presence in california , which some find troubling . " i would hope that the people who look at the antitrust implications would consider this one carefully , " said state sen . steve peace ( d - el cajon ) , one of the architects of california ' s failed foray into electricity deregulation , who became a fierce critic of power producers and resellers . " if anything , dynegy would be in an even stronger position to be able to manipulate markets than it was before . " dynegy agreed on nov . 9 to buy enron through a stock swap valued at about $ 9 billion and to inject $ 2 . 5 billion into crumbling enron provided by cash - rich chevrontexaco corp . , the san francisco - based oil company that owns nearly 27 % of dynegy . but a continuing trickle of disturbing financial disclosures keep slamming enron ' s stock price , indicating that investors have their doubts that the deal will be completed as negotiated . the enron purchase would hurl dynegy , which is about a quarter of enron ' s size , into the top ranks of energy merchants . in california ' s energy world , dynegy already is a key company . at every significant twist in the state energy crisis , dynegy was there , although not as visibly as some of the other power - plant owners and electricity resellers . enron and reliant energy inc . , also of houston , and duke energy corp . of charlotte , n . c . , drew particular fire from politicians and consumer advocates during the last 18 months as energy leaped higher . but dynegy also was accused by the state ' s grid operator of reaping excessive profit through its electricity bidding practices and , to a lesser extent , by holding back some electricity from its southern california power plants . in addition , dynegy signed long - term electricity contracts with the state that have been singled out by critics for containing potentially lucrative clauses requiring that the state pay emissions costs and other costs . the california independent system operator , which runs the long - distance power transmission grid serving much of the state , has asked federal regulators to ban dynegy from selling power at market prices . cal - iso has made the same request concerning the other major power plant owners : duke , reliant , atlanta - based mirant inc . and aes corp . of arlington , va . , which markets its power through an agreement with williams cos . of tulsa , okla . " dynegy has sort of slid by under the radar , " said doug heller of the foundation for taxpayer & consumer rights , a consumer activist group . " not only did dynegy do very well , but particularly its trading and marketing division did very well over the course of the last two years . it profited wildly . " for its part , dynegy rejects accusations of market manipulation , saying it has played a constructive role in the california marketplace , stepping forward to be one of the first companies to sign long - term contracts with the state when its need was greatest despite an electricity debt of $ 300 million owed the company by the state and its utilities . " dynegy has acted ethically and responsibly in california , " said dynegy spokesman john sousa . " the fundamental problem in california is that supply did not keep up with demand . " " dynamic energy " accused of overcharging dynegy was created in 1984 as a natural gas trading operation known as natural gas clearinghouse to take advantage of the deregulation of natural gas prices . under chief executive chuck watson , the company has expanded into natural gas processing and distribution and electricity generation , changing its name along the way to dynegy , a word created by combining " dynamic " and " energy . " in california , dynegy owns power plants capable of generating 2 , 800 megawatts of electricity through a partnership with nrg energy inc . of minneapolis . ( a megawatt can supply about 750 average homes with electricity . ) the state ' s big investor - owned utilities were required to sell some of their power plants by the landmark 1996 deregulation legislation . by the end of 1998 , the dynegy / nrg partnership had purchased three large power plants in long beach , el segundo and san diego and a collection of 17 small " peaker " plants from southern california edison co . and san diego gas & electric co . under the arrangement between the partnership , nrg operates the power plants and dynegy markets the electricity from them . it is dynegy ' s bidding practices in selling that power into state markets that put it , along with other energy producers , on the wrong side of the state grid operator and federal energy regulators . among the allegations : * in a report released in march , cal - iso accused energy producers and resellers , including dynegy , of overcharging californians by $ 6 . 7 billion between may 2000 and march 2001 . power suppliers have denied the allegations . the report also found that dynegy reaped about $ 32 million in " monopoly rents " between may and november of last year , or profits beyond what a competitive market would bear . that was the fourth - highest total for any company noted in the report . enron was ranked sixth , taking $ 27 . 9 million in such profits . * cal - iso said dynegy maximized profits primarily through a practice known as " economic withholding , " or bidding electricity at prices so high that they would be rejected , thereby pushing up the price charged for the remaining generation sold into the market . dynegy also did some " physical withholding , " cal - iso said , meaning that the company withheld electricity supplies to drive up the price . * dynegy was accused last april in hearings before state legislators of hoarding space on a key natural gas pipeline into california in 1998 and 1999 , causing natural gas prices to soar . dynegy executives testified that the charge was untrue . * when federal regulators ordered $ 125 million in potential refunds for the first four months of the year , dynegy ' s portion was the largest among the power sellers named , representing slightly more than one third . dynegy said its prices were justified by high natural gas prices , emissions costs and other factors . dynegy president stephen bergstrom said in april that the company was " unfairly and inaccurately accused of withholding power from the california market . " " as we have repeatedly communicated to california policymakers and regulators and to industry officials , we remain ready and willing to generate and sell power to any and all buyers at fair and reasonable prices when they are able to provide appropriate assurances that they will fulfill their obligation to pay for those purchases . " a recent report by the state department of water resources backs up dynegy ' s assertions that its prices have been in line with the rest of the market . during the first three months of this year , after sky - high prices pushed edison and pg & e so close to insolvency that the state had to step in and buy power for their customers , dynegy sold power to the dwr at an average price of $ 239 . 63 per megawatt - hour for electricity . that was slightly below the average of $ 268 . 90 per megawatt - hour charged by all sellers . dynegy portrays itself as a minor player in the california market , representing about 4 % of the state ' s generation . but cal - iso , in asking federal regulators to revoke dynegy ' s authority to sell power at market rates , said " dynegy has profited systematically from the exercise of market power to the significant harm of california ' s electric consumers and economy . " a decision is pending . officials reviewing the dynegy - enron merger will closely review the companies ' operations in california . although enron owns no power plants in california , it is believed to have long - term contracts with some generators , although spokesman eric thode refused to detail them . in addition , enron has a hand in 25 % of the energy trades around the nation , with a significant portion of that in california . thode would not detail california operations , citing company policy . finally , enron controls an undetermined amount of natural gas , which is used to generate about one - third of the state ' s electricity , through its transwestern pipeline , which crosses into california , and through natural gas marketing and trading arrangements . it is those largely unregulated energy trading operations that have many energy watchdogs worried . they say that middlemen such as enron and dynegy can drive up the price of power by reselling it at higher prices each time . a lawsuit filed in may against the big five generators by lt . gov . cruz bustamante , acting as a private citizen , described it this way : " the dynegy trading floor , working with the trading floors operated by williams , mirant , reliant and duke energy is one of the principal tools the defendants used to inflate the price of electricity within their respective markets , as well as throughout the state of california . " " these defendants engaged in trading of electricity futures , forwards , options and other risk products that had the effect of manipulating and inflating the price of electricity within their respective markets , " the suit charged . " these defendants engaged in ' megawatt laundering , ' in which they made trades with the primary purpose of inflating the costs of electricity within their respective markets . " state is examining proposed merger california atty . gen . bill lockyer has begun examining what effects such a merger would have on california , spokeswoman sandra michioku said . the federal trade commission and the federal energy regulatory commission also will scrutinize the merger in a process that dynegy and enron expect will take no more than nine months . senate energy committee chairwoman debra bowen ( d - marina del rey ) said she plans to urge ferc to look beyond traditional measurements of how much the companies own in the market to examine " inputs " into the market such as gas pipeline capacity controlled by the companies and gas trading by dynegy and enron . " it really raises many questions about how the market works , " bowen said . opposition by california could be a severe hindrance to the merger , said garret rasmussen , a lawyer with patton boggs in washington , d . c . , and formerly a federal trade commission antitrust investigator . the state , if it chooses , could play as pivotal a role as it has in negotiations over the antitrust settlement between the federal government and microsoft corp . , he said . " while this administration has been quite tolerant of mergers . . . an action by the california attorney general could have a significant chance of success , " rasmussen said . merger might reopen contract negotiation the proposed merger might give california leverage to renegotiate its power contract with dynegy , which contains the unusual provision that the state would pay for any emission costs that the company incurred , said v . john white , director of the center for energy efficiency & renewable technologies in sacramento . dynegy ' s large san diego plant lacks crucial pollution control equipment , he said . " the california attorney general needs to carefully examine dynegy ' s environmental stewardship activities and renegotiate that provision in the long - term contract , " white said . " dynegy has a texas , the - least - we - can - do attitude as far as the environment is concerned . " david freemen , the former los angeles department of water ; photographer : associated press copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk james flanagan enron ' s troubles could spur securities reforms james flanigan 11 / 25 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 1 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company ultimately , the fall of enron corp . , the onetime rising star of the energy industry , may be remembered as a landmark in the annals of securities law and shareholder rights . the firm ' s practices are under investigation by the securities and exchange commission . enron is the focus of numerous shareholder lawsuits that seek to recover damages from the $ 60 - billion plunge in the company ' s value in the last year . the enron case could result in new securities laws , experts say . it also could result in massive damage awards because of the extent of stockholder losses . shares sold at more than $ 84 apiece a year ago , and at $ 36 a month ago before the emergence of hidden losses sent the price reeling downward to current levels below $ 5 a share . ( the stock closed friday at $ 4 . 71 on the new york stock exchange . ) significantly , two suits against enron charge that the firm ' s top executives breached their fiduciary duty of loyalty and prudence by failing to inform enron employees of dangers to the company ' s finances while those employees held enron stock in their 401 ( k ) retirement plans . the firm ' s troubles raise fundamental questions of what a company owes shareholders in the management and understandable disclosure of its accounts . but enron ' s predicament also goes to the heart of the u . s . financial system , says former sec chairman arthur levitt . enron " represents a lack of the kind of disclosure that is fundamental to maintaining confidence in u . s . public markets , " levitt says . enron , technically speaking , disclosed in annual reports and proxy statements for 1999 and 2000 the existence of partnerships that in some cases " acquired debt and certain equity securities of certain enron subsidiaries . " but it did not disclose the significance of the partnerships , nor did it consolidate their transactions in its reports to shareholders and the sec . its references to the partnerships were in footnotes to financial statements , written in the arcane legal language typical of such documents . for example , disclosure of one partnership , ljm cayman , read in part : " ljm received 6 . 8 million shares of enron common stock , subject to certain restrictions and enron received a note receivable and certain financial instruments hedging an investment held by enron . " enron entered into at least 33 partnerships , attracting investments from pension funds and other investors in return for pledges of enron stock at a guaranteed value . one partnership held 12 million enron shares , which at one point were worth more than $ 1 billion . yet until this year , enron treated the partnerships as insignificant to its overall business , and so they were not required to be included in its overall accounts . by treating its partnerships as non - consolidated subsidiaries , enron could report lower debt burdens than it actually had , thus strengthening its credit and enabling itself to grow into the largest energy trader in the world . enron became a pioneer of energy trading , a way of using financial techniques of trading forward commitments in natural gas and electricity to establish future prices on long - term supply contracts . as the business boomed , enron ' s revenue soared , from $ 20 billion in 1997 to $ 100 billion in 2000 . through three quarters of this year , the firm was on course to exceed $ 200 billion in revenue . but in october , enron announced that it had lost more than $ 600 million in the third quarter and that it needed to reduce shareholder equity by more than $ 1 billion due to transactions with one of its partnerships . then on nov . 8 , enron restated its accounts back to 1997 , acknowledging that some of its partnerships should have been included in company accounts all along . the restatement resulted in a reduction of reported profit by more than $ 500 million . enron ' s board of directors and auditors had ordered the restatement , the firm said . the stock price fell further , lawsuits ensued and enron sought refuge in a merger with dynegy inc . enron ' s financial position and stock price have weakened since the merger announcement nov . 9 . , so the dynegy deal may go through at a reduced price , says analyst stanley foster reed , who runs mergercentral . com , an online information service . but the question remains of how such a large , significant company could collapse with so little advance notice . enron was a prominent company , not least because of chairman kenneth lay ' s connections to the white house as formal energy advisor to the first bush administration and as informal advisor to the current bush administration . the firm had more than 20 , 000 employees before recent layoffs , and it had millions of investors through the holdings of pension funds such as the california public employees ' retirement system , the college teachers retirement plan tiaa - cref and major mutual funds . yet for all its prominence , enron ' s disclosures about its business were inadequate . " disclosure " sounds like a technical term , but it is the principle behind the laws passed in 1933 and subsequent years to regulate securities markets and protect the public . companies issuing stock to raise financing from public investors are required to disclose accurate and complete information about their business and to have accounts certified by independent public accounting firms . the sec , created in 1933 , could not stop a company from issuing stock , but it could make it disclose all relevant facts about risks in its business . the laws were written in the midst of the great depression , which followed the 1929 stock market crash . they were designed to remedy abuses such as the case of charles mitchell , head of city national bank ( a predecessor firm of today ' s citgroup ) , who sold his own company ' s shares short - - that is , he bet on their price declining - - just before the crash , without informing other shareholders . before securities laws , mitchell had no legal requirement to disclose his activities ; once the laws were passed , all top managers and directors of public companies had such legal , fiduciary duty . the enron case probably will lead to new laws regulating investments in subsidiaries , experts say . the sec staff has contemplated such regulations in the past but never made them law . and the fallout from enron could lead to tighter restrictions on firms putting their stock in employee retirement accounts . also , it could lead to tighter regulations on statements by top managers on the condition of the business . " this will be a case , with major issues of concealment from shareholders , " says san francisco attorney steven siderman , who is preparing a class - action lawsuit against enron and arthur andersen , enron ' s accounting firm . enron executives gave no indication of the company ' s troubles as late as august , when jeffrey skilling , president and chief executive for only six months , abruptly resigned . in response to questions of trouble in the company , skilling said , " there ' s nothing to disclose . the company ' s in great shape . " lay , who stepped back into the top post , told employees in august that enron ' s business was strong . " we ' ve got a lot of great stuff going on and we ' re not getting credit for it in the marketplace , but we will , " lay said . however , both lay and skilling had been selling enron stock for more than a year at that point , lay cashing out more than $ 140 million in stock options and skilling more than $ 60 million in options . meanwhile , employee 401 ( k ) accounts , heavily laden with enron stock , were frozen this year because the firm changed account managers . employees were stuck as the stock plummeted . the principle behind securities laws is that management of a public company , with so many employees , pensioners and other institutions depending on it , is a public trust . the charge in the lawsuits being filed against enron is that the firm , its executives and directors betrayed that trust . everyone is entitled to a fair trial , and enron and its executives will surely have many days in court in the months and years to come in which to defend against the charge of betrayal of shareholders and employees . the enron case will be a landmark . * james flanigan can be reached at jim . flanigan @ latimes . com . graphic : restated and mostly reduced , los angeles times ; copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron says it ' s still in talks with possible investors for cash 2001 - 11 - 25 17 : 36 ( new york ) enron says it ' s still in talks with possible investors for cash houston , nov . 25 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . said talks are continuing with potential investors for an infusion of as much as $ 1 billion , as the biggest energy trader tries to avoid a collapse of its planned purchase by dynegy inc . an investment would ease concern that enron ' s weakened finances may prompt dynegy to pull out of or renegotiate the terms of the transaction , which is valued at $ 23 billion in stock and assumed debt . enron is seeking an additional $ 500 million to $ 1 billion in cash but wouldn ' t divulge details . ` ` we are not going to discuss the particulars of who we are talking to , ' ' said enron spokeswoman karen denne . shares of the houston company fell by 48 percent in the past three trading sessions . at friday ' s closing price of $ 4 . 71 , the stock sells for less than half the $ 10 . 85 that dynegy is slated to pay in the acquisition . that ' s a sign investors are skeptical the transaction will go through as planned . enron is likely to have approached kohlberg , kravis roberts & co . , the blackstone group and the carlyle group for a private equity investment , said industry analyst david snow of  . net . the firms have declined to comment . on a conference call nov . 14 enron chief financial officer jeffrey mcmahon said the company is in talks with several private investors and expects to receive $ 500 million to $ 1 billion from these sources . on wednesday , enron got a three - week reprieve from lenders on a $ 690 million note due this week , giving the company more time to restructure its finances . dynegy chief executive chuck watson said he was ` ` encouraged ' ' by the commitment to extend the note payment , as well as the closing of a $ 450 million credit facility . he said dynegy remained committed to the purchase . enron already received $ 1 . 5 billion in cash nov . 13 from chevrontexaco inc . as part of the dynegy buyout agreement . in return , dynegy will acquire preferred stock and other rights in an enron unit that owns the northern natural gas pipeline . barron ' s reported over the weekend that dynegy may have a difficult time walking away from the deal because its right to the pipeline might be challenged by j . p . morgan chase financial desk enron money woes raise concerns 11 / 25 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 5 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company how fitting that the sanctimonious kenneth lay , who arrogantly lectured california ' s electricity consumers this past spring on the " realities " of the deregulated 21 st - century energy environment , has seen his company fall prey to that very same arrogance [ " a visionary fallen from grace , " james flanigan , nov . 10 ] . while californians allow themselves a wry smile over such news , the u . s . justice department should be building a case to " escort " lay and his cohort jeffrey skilling to a prison cell for pocketing some $ 200 million from converting stock options at prices vastly over - inflated by their " cooking the books " at enron over the last five years . noel johnson glendale * california taxpayers are out of billions of dollars due to a failed concept that deregulating the electric industry would save us money by bringing us the " benefits " of a free market managed by private enterprise . enron , one of the free market energy companies which we were supposed to depend on to give us electricity at a reasonable cost , has apparently just " lost " $ 1 . 2 billion in equity along with an " unexpected " loss of $ 618 million [ " enron in takeover talks with dynegy , " nov . 8 ] . the implications are clear - - californians have been gouged and one of the companies receiving the new found wealth has amazingly " lost " it . clearly , private industry is not the panacea . how about going back to a regulated monopoly ? stephen rynas duarte copyright ? 2000 dow jones ceos reach for double - digit results despite downturn , and some are making costly mistakes steven pearlstein washington post staff writer 11 / 25 / 2001 the washington post final hol copyright 2001 , the washington post co . all rights reserved at this point , they almost can ' t help themselves - - it ' s become an addiction for the top executives of corporate america . delivering double - digit earnings growth year after year is no longer simply what corporate re - engineers call a " stretch goal " for an organization , or a rare achievement to be celebrated . it ' s become a mandate , a benchmark , a test of corporate manhood , an expectation hard - wired into the corporate culture - - a narcotic that company leaders reach for the way most people reach for an aspirin . never mind that the economy is contracting , or that prices are falling and profit margins are getting squeezed , or that most industries are unlikely to grow more than 5 percent a year even after the recovery is here . the name of the game these days is boosting the stock price , and the surest way to do that is to promise - - and deliver - - double - digit profit growth to wall street ' s cadre of analysts and money managers . it ' s not just in the tech and telecom sectors , where the inflated growth expectations first took root . the addiction to double - digit growth has spread across the corporate landscape to firms in older , mature industries desperate for the " growth company " moniker that qualifies them for wall street ' s highest reward : a stock price equal to 20 , 30 , even 40 times their expected annual earnings . in the 1990 s , " we went through a period of extraordinary high growth in profitability , and both managers and stock analysts have unthinkingly come to the conclusion that that was the norm , " said michael jensen , a professor of finance at the harvard business school . " top - level management came to believe they could get a big company to grow 20 , 30 , 40 percent year after year - - it was insanity . and in the process of trying to make that real , rather than acknowledging it was a transitory phenomenon , more than a few wound up destroying shareholder value rather than enhancing it . " jensen said that it is now common for wall street earnings expectations to be the starting point for corporate budgeting and strategy - setting rather than the result of it . " nothing could be more irresponsible , " he said . james paulsen , chief investment strategist at wells capital management in minneapolis , says this fascination with high growth rates peaked in 1999 , at the height of the stock market boom , when only 50 stocks in the standard & poor ' s 500 - stock index - - the hottest 50 growth companies - - actually went up in value . in fact , these nifty 50 went up so much so that they lifted the overall market indexes with them . the other 450 stocks declined . " at that point , investors were only paying for growth , " paulsen said . " dividends , good cash flow , reliability - - they all meant nothing . " " if you were just growing at a stodgy 8 or 9 percent a year , you were neglected , ignored , " said jeremy siegel , finance professor at the wharton school of management at the university of pennsylvania . " you couldn ' t get good valuations . " in desperation , boring old electric utilities refashioned themselves into " merchant energy companies , " while highly profitable pork producers added new product lines in order to be viewed as ready - to - eat food companies . and perfectly good retail companies threw millions of dollars into misguided web ventures . with the dot - com bust and the broader stock market collapse over the past year , many executives , investors and analysts claim to have learned their lesson and reduced expectations for growth . but according to siegel , paulsen and other experts , expectations remain unreasonably high by historical standards . many of those executives , investors and analysts believe business to be in a temporary lull before the " norm " of double - digit growth reasserts itself sometime next year . " most people ' s expectations are still way too optimistic , " said bill miller , the legendary manager of legg mason ' s value trust , a $ 12 billion mutual fund . david nadler , chairman of mercer delta consulting , says this " tyranny of growth " continues to lead too many companies to expand too quickly , make ill - advised acquisitions or diversify out of their areas of expertise . " the experience on that is that their shareholders wind up paying dearly for those mistakes , " he said . indeed , many of the celebrated corporate crackups of the past year - - think of conseco inc . ' s costly foray into manufactured - home financing , providian financial corp . ' s debacle with sub - prime credit card lending , freightliner llc ' s truck glut and the record $ 50 billion write - off of acquisition costs by jds uniphase corp . - - came about as a result of companies trying to push earnings growth to the limit . corporate executives certainly have plenty of incentive to play the growth game , whether consciously or unconsciously . most have multimillion - dollar compensation packages that include bonuses , stock and stock options , all tied directly to growth in earnings and share price . and a rising stock price gives them a valuable new currency - - currency that can be used to buy short - term earnings growth through mergers and acquisitions and to offer valuable stock options when recruiting top management and technical talent . the stock option has a particularly pernicious impact , according to david morrison , vice chairman of mercer management consulting inc . and co - author of " the profit zone . " options become more valuable as the price of the company stock rises above the point at which the options are issued . on the other hand , if things go bad , it doesn ' t matter how much the price of the stock goes below the " strike price " - - the value remains zero . as a result of this asymmetry between upside potential and downside risk , says morrison , it is common for executives to take bigger risks with their companies than they otherwise would have . ego also plays a role . chief executives who deliver year after year of double - digit earnings growth wind up being lionized in business books , on magazine covers and on cable - tv news shows . they are invited to serve on other corporate boards and to speak at investor conferences organized by celebrity analysts . their boards of directors give them wide latitude in running the company . by contrast , ceos who don ' t have a good growth story to tell , or can ' t deliver on it , risk finding themselves in early retirement . jeff garten , dean of the yale school of management , recently interviewed 40 of the leading corporate chief executives for a new book , " the mind of the ceo . " and more often than not , garten said , the executives told him off the record that while they knew the expectations about earnings growth are often unreasonable and unsustainable , they had no choice but to participate , or risk being dismissed as someone who simply " doesn ' t get it . " " the system penalized anyone who didn ' t play the game , " garten said . as a result , executives find themselves on a treadmill - - always in a desperate search for ways to deliver the next increment of growth that will justify the unrealistic earnings expectations in which they themselves were complicit . analyst william steele said he has seen it time and again in the consumer products sector that he follows for bank of america securities inc . , as companies that had always been " solid singles hitters " suddenly started swinging for the fences . " what you ' ve seen is companies making ill - advised acquisitions , abusing their balance sheets [ by taking on too much debt or issuing too much stock ] and under - investing in their brands , " said steele . take the case of freeport , ill . - based newell co . , which for more than 30 years had enjoyed steady earnings growth by buying up underperforming housewares companies and " newellizing " them - - bringing in new management , cutting costs , scrapping unprofitable products , consolidating distribution and winning more space on retail shelves . but by the late 1990 s , after 75 acquisitions that included calphalon cookware , levelor window blinds and rolodex card files , the number of good turnaround prospects had dwindled . and with growth in sales of consumer products slowing to single digits , newell executives needed something that would keep them in double - digit territory . that something , they thought , was rubbermaid , for years one of the most respected companies among executives and investors , but one that had stumbled badly beginning in 1996 . it was far and away newell ' s biggest acquisition , bought with newly issued newell stock valued at $ 5 . 8 billion , a 50 percent premium over rubbermaid ' s market price at the time . the rubbermaid deal closed in the spring of 1999 , and newell rubbermaid ' s financial performance has declined ever since , a reflection not only of the slowing economy but of problems within the company itself . total profits for the combined firm are barely higher than they were before the acquisition , and because of the debt taken on and new shares issued to finance the purchase , the best measures of financial performance - - earnings per share and return on assets - - have both declined . after the company repeatedly failed to meet the quarterly sales and growth target it had promised wall street , chief executive john j . mcdonough was fired in october of last year . given that history , the current economic uncertainty and continued weakness in quarterly earnings , one might think that newell ' s new executive team would steer clear of making grand promises to wall street . but in june , after barely six months on the job , the new chief executive , joseph galli jr . , told wall street analysts that a restructuring program he had instituted would allow the company to post a 15 percent earnings increase in 2002 . at $ 26 , analysts say the stock price now reflects an expectation that newell rubbermaid will meet this double - digit growth target . in an interview last week , william t . alldredge , newell ' s chief financial officer , explained that the 15 percent growth target for next year was reasonable because the company ' s profits this year , against which next year ' s will be compared , are so depressed . going forward , however , he acknowledged that growth rates would be closer to 10 percent than 15 percent , and they would come from squeezing more profit out of existing brands rather than through acquisitions . " i ' m not sure we see the enormous upside potential that we once did , " said alldredge , who insisted , nonetheless , that wall street should continue to value newell rubbermaid as a " growth company . " to this day , " old - fashioned " chief executives such as warren buffett remain puzzled as to why executives still can ' t resist the urge to promise investors any particular level of earnings growth , given all the uncertainties of running a business . in the annual report to shareholders of his berkshire hathaway inc . in february , he noted that only a handful of companies have ever been able to sustain 15 percent earnings growth for more than a decade . such promises , he said , not only spread " unwarranted optimism " among investors , he said , but " corrode " behavior by top executives - - in some cases behavior so corrosive that it spills over into deceptive accounting . as it turns out , the chief executives of sunbeam , xerox , waste management and enron all lost their jobs in recent years after major - league earnings overstatements were uncovered during their watch . ( buffett ' s berkshire hathaway is a significant investor in the washington post co . , which , like berkshire , provides no earnings guidance to wall street investors . ) james johnson , the former chairman of fannie mae , has heard all these criticisms , and can even add a few of his own . but he said that for every company that overpromised and overreached , there were others where the focus on earnings growth has led to breakthrough innovations , successful new corporate strategies and big gains in productivity . " it ' s what makes american capitalism so unique - - and so successful , " said johnson , whose ability to deliver on a promise of double - digit earnings growth in every year but one led to a dramatic increase in fannie mae ' s stock price during his tenure . it also made johnson a very rich man . " it ' s a tricky balance , " said david winters , president and chief investment officer of mutual series fund inc . , a new jersey - based mutual fund . " you don ' t want companies to be sleepy , or set the bar so low that they can easily step over it . but you don ' t want companies that overpromise and underdeliver . " certainly no chief executive took the goal of posting double - digit earnings growth each year more seriously than john f . welch jr . , who recently retired as chairman of general electric co . on jack welch ' s watch , division managers who failed to contribute to the corporate goal were routinely fired or had their divisions sold off . and critics have charged that the unrelenting pressure led , on occasion , to accounting gimmicks and questionable business practices - - a charge welch repeatedly denied . yet according to noel tichy , a professor at the university of michigan business school , it was the demand for double - digit earnings growth year after year that forced managers of ge ' s old - line manufacturing divisions to get into the growing and profitable business of servicing and financing the turbines and medical equipment they made . " i don ' t know when it would ever be the right decision not to try to grow fast , " said tichy , co - author of a book titled " every business is a growth business . " and even while acknowledging that companies have been known to do dumb things in the pursuit of earnings growth , the good ones don ' t . " if you don ' t have goals that force executives to stretch themselves and their organization , you don ' t optimize performance , " tichy said . business guru james collins disagrees . in a new book , " good to great , " collins argues that the companies that sustain really high growth rates over long periods of time are those that don ' t set growth as an explicit goal . rather , collins says , the best companies operate less out of some corporate bravado than a determination to understand their business and their success and to capitalize on that understanding . " great companies don ' t come about because the ceo wants to be a celebrity or please the share - flippers , and certainly not because he or she wants to hit the top targets on the compensation plan , " collins said last week . " the common thread among the ceos of the truly great companies is that their ambition is to build something that can outlast themselves . the growth comes as a byproduct of that . " harvard ' s jensen said that the only way to lick corporate america ' s growth addiction is for more executives to muster the courage to stand up to wall street and begin setting realistic expectations for their companies . such a strategy might occasionally require a ceo to tell investors that his company ' s stock is overvalued - - a truly novel idea in today ' s environment , where executives almost reflexively complain that their share price is too low . and it might require executives at some companies to make clear that their stock may be inappropriate for growth funds and hedge - fund managers . " companies generally get the shareholders they deserve , " said miller , legg mason ' s money manager . but norman augustine , the retired chairman of lockheed martin corp . , warns that " standing up to wall street " may not be as easy as it sounds . " we all sit around complaining about the short - term mentality on wall street and the fund managers who say they ' ll dump our stocks if we don ' t show double - digit earnings growth every quarter , " augustine said . " and then the manager of our own corporate pension fund comes in and says , ' we have two funds that didn ' t do well for us this quarter , so i dumped them . ' " and there it is , " augustine said . " we have met the enemy , and it is us ! " http : / / www . washingtonpost . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : enron employees sue as pension savings evaporate . by andrew kelly 11 / 25 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . houston , nov 25 ( reuters ) - after climbing utility poles in all kinds of weather for 35 years , roy rinard was hoping to retire in a few years , but that was before the collapse in enron corp . ' s stock price devoured his retirement savings . " i ' m basically wiped out , " said rinard , 54 , who works for portland general electric , an oregon utility company acquired by the houston - based energy trading giant in 1997 . " i ' m right back to ground zero and i ' ll have to go on working as long as i can , " said rinard , who suffers from arthritis and a lung condition that leaves him short of breath . encouraged by enron ' s then - strong performance and the company ' s bullish view of its future prospects , rinard moved all of the money invested in his 401 ( k ) retirement account into enron stock earlier this year . but it proved to be a costly decision as the value of his account fell from $ 470 , 000 a year ago to around $ 40 , 000 today . rinard now hopes a lawsuit filed in u . s . district court in houston will recover at least some of his money . the suit , filed on behalf of enron employees by seattle - based law firm hagens berman , alleges that enron breached its fiduciary duty by encouraging its employees to invest heavily in enron stock without warning them of the risks of doing so . enron ' s stock , which peaked at $ 90 in august 2000 , closed at $ 4 . 74 on friday , after falling sharply in recent weeks amid a series of damaging financial disclosures . a broadly similar suit filed by the keller rohrback law firm , also seattle based , alleges that another enron employee , pamela tittle , lost $ 140 , 000 on enron stock held in her retirement account . according to that suit , the enron retirement savings plan had assets worth $ 2 . 1 billion at the end of last year , including $ 1 . 3 billion , or 62 percent of the total , in enron stock . doubts emerge about dynegy deal enron , a former wall street favorite , agreed to be bought out earlier this month by smaller energy trading rival dynegy inc . , but continuing problems at enron have caused some analysts to question whether the deal will be completed . doubts have also been expressed about a planned sale of portland general to northwest natural gas . hagens berman plans to seek class - action status for its suit and says 21 , 000 enron employees could be eligible to join it . the suit alleges that enron " locked down " 401 ( k ) retirement accounts on oct . 17 , preventing employees from changing the investments they held in their accounts until nov . 19 . during that period enron reported its first quarterly loss in four years and took a charge of $ 1 . 2 billion against stockholders ' equity as a result of off - balance - sheet deals that would later come under investigation by u . s . regulators . in that time , enron shares fell from $ 30 . 72 at the close of trading oct . 16 to $ 11 . 69 on nov . 19 . enron spokeswoman karen denne said employees ' access to the accounts was blocked as part of a previously planned change in the administration of the retirement plan and that the measure was in effect from oct . 26 . to nov . 19 . steve lacey , a 45 - year - old emergency repair dispatcher who has worked for portland general electric for 21 years , said the measure came at a time when bad news about enron was flying thick and fast , driving the stock price down at a dizzying pace . " we couldn ' t take our money out of enron stock into another portfolio . basically they had us locked down to where we had no say over our own future , " he said . lacey declined to quantify his own losses but said he and many of his colleagues had invested most of their retirement funds in enron stock because it had performed better in the past than the other investments available under the enron plan . denne said enron employees were normally able to choose among 18 different investment options , but enron ' s matching contributions were always made in the form of its own stock . lacey said he felt sorry for older colleagues at portland general who had suffered a heavy financial blow just before they were due to retire , adding that he was only beginning to realize how serious the consequences could be for himself . " my goal was to have an extremely comfortable retirement and that may be a little clouded now , " he said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india press : aditya birla may buy enron ' s dabhol stake 11 / 25 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones dow jones newswires ; 91 - 11 - 461 - 9426 ; himendra . kumar @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies and the other is that the viability of this company is in question . " enron ' s shares fell to $ 4 . 74 , a further 5 . 4 per cent drop , in a shortened session of trading yesterday morning in new york , as investors continued to express concern about dynegy ' s commitment to the deal . john olson , vice president of research at sanders morris harris , the houston - based investment banking and securities firm , said : " with enron trading at 4 bucks and change it might make sense for them to go into bankruptcy and salvage this thing the right way . " observers close to enron say wednesday ' s decision by jp morgan chase and citigroup to finalise a $ 1 bn secured credit line , and the deferral of a $ 690 m repayment of notes due next tuesday , have reduced the pressure on the group . if dynegy were to renegotiate the terms of its deal - and that may depend on legal clauses within the original merger agreement - that would not affect enron ' s financial situation , they say . as well as negotiating with its lenders through the weekend , enron is also seeking further investments from jp morgan chase , citigroup and private equity firms in an attempt to shore up confidence . www . ft . com / enron . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . equity markets - power companies pack more punches - wall street . by andrew hill . 11 / 24 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved equity markets - power companies pack more punches - wall street - another mega - merger and enron ' s sudden decline epitomise a volatile year , says andrew hill . a short week on wall street appeared a very long week for the energy sector , an industry that has - in everything from oil to electricity - succeeded in delivering some stinging surprisesto the us economy this year . last sunday , conoco and phillips petroleum jolted merger and acquisition specialists out of their torpor with the year ' s biggest deal , a $ 35 bn " merger of equals " to create the third largest integrated energy company in the us and the sixth largest in the world . coincidentally , on monday , chevrontexaco feted the consummation of its merger with a new york analysts ' meeting at which david o ' reilly , the combined group ' s chief executive , promised annual savings of $ 1 . 8 bn by 2003 , greater than originally expected . whether the sector needs another clumsy baptism - the fruit of sunday ' s announcement will , inevitably , be saddled with the name conocophillips - is not really at issue . consolidation that began in the 1990 s has left medium - sized energy companies such as conoco and phillips with little option except to combine resources for exploration and production in order to compete with " super - majors " such as exxonmobil . volatile oil prices - another story of the week - appear to add to the urgency of the combination , although james mulva , phillips ' chairman and chief executive , denied that was a prime reason for consolidation . after all , the industry has learned to live with volatility . these are companies that in the space of just three years have shrugged off concerns about what would happen if crude oil remained at $ 10 a barrel , and , at the other extreme , worries about the possibility of crude lingering above $ 30 . in the short term , the fate of stock prices in the sector may depend on opec ' s ability to snatch victory from the jaws of defeat in its confrontation with norway and , in particular , russia over calls for a cut in oil output to underpin the world price . oil stocks , as measured by the philadelphia oil service index , have had a turbulent time since september 11 , plummeting initially only to rally back to their levels before the terrorist attacks and then slump again as the wrangling between opec and non - opec oil producers burst into the open . chevrontexaco , for one , seemed unperturbed by the stand - off . " if you want a stable price environment , you don ' t want to be in this business , " o ' reilly said on monday . he was talking about the oil price but he might just as easily have been referring to energy stocks . energy - related industries - from utilities to pipelines - make up six of the 10 worst performing sectors over the past month , according to dow jones data analysed by cbs marketwatch . none , however , has fallen as pre - cipitously or as publicly as enron , the energy trading company . its share price at the close on wednesday was $ 5 . 01 , down 44 per cent on the week and 94 per cent below its 52 - week high of nearly $ 85 . remember that this was a company that outperformed the nasdaq composite index even as the tech - heavy index rose to its march 2000 peak , and enron stayed at stratospheric levels of price and valuation even after the dotcoms - whose magic dust its online trading operations borrowed - fell to earth . in the process , its ability to pioneer new trading markets , such as bandwidth , made it the envy of wall street ' s own broker - dealers , jealous both of its trading bravado and its share rating . two of wall street ' s giants - jp morgan chase and citigroup - are helping to prop up the group , laid low by its failure to disclose adequately off - balance - sheet transactions that it carried out as part of its rapid expansion . the banks are advising enron on a rescue bid from dynegy , the smaller rival energy group part - owned by chevrontexaco , and backing it with $ 1 bn of credit , secured on pipeline assets . the trigger for this week ' s sharp decline was enron ' s regulatory filing late on monday , which revealed for the first time to shaken shareholders and bondholders that the group would have to repay $ 690 m of notes next tuesday because of a downgrade 10 days ago by standard & poor ' s . wednesday ' s announcement that enron had managed to postpone that deadline until the middle of next month seemed to do little to allay the crisis of confidence about the group ' s ability to repay its heavy debts . ahead of the thanksgiving holiday , few share traders seemed to want to hold the stock , which fell 28 per cent on wednesday alone , and electricity and gas counterparties are also wary of entering long - term contracts in the very markets that enron helped pioneer . the enron debacle is a reminder of how quickly fortunes can change . earlier this year , the well - connected and politically influential houston - based group was powerful enough to be accused by californians of playing a key role in provoking the electricity crisis on the west coast . now enron ' s shares and bonds are trading as though it may go bust . if it does , it could drag down other , weaker energy companies , because of its role as a market - maker , supplying liquidity to the power and gas markets . if the worst fears of some wall street bankers are realised there may even be repercussions for the wider financial markets , where enron lays off the risk of price fluctuations , using derivatives . andrew . hillft . com . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . world stock markets - wall st loses shine off its blue chip rise . by andrei postelnicu . 11 / 24 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved low volumes took the shine of a blue chip rally on wall street in a shortened session during which children were allowed their annual visit to the trading floor of the new york stock exchange . the dow jones industrial average put on 125 . 03 to 9 , 959 . 71 by the earlier close , while the s & p 500 index added 13 . 27 to 1 , 150 . 30 . the tech - heavy nasdaq composite gained 27 . 96 to 1 , 903 . 01 . leading gains in the dow were eastman kodak , up 3 . 1 per cent at $ 29 . 91 , general motors , up 3 . 1 per cent at $ 47 . 70 , and american express , up 2 . 3 per cent at $ 34 . 29 . fractional losses for philip morris , caterpillar and home depot bucked the positive trend on the benchmark average . oil stocks were higher despite disappointment over russia ' s offer to cut daily production by only 50 , 000 barrels . the prospect of lower crude prices failed to depress the sector , with chevrontexaco up fractionally to $ 86 . 66 , anadarko up 1 . 4 per cent at $ 54 . 14 and exxonmobile also up 1 . 4 per cent to $ 38 . 42 . enron , the bruised energy trading group , lost a further 5 . 1 per cent among mounting worries over dynegy ' s $ 9 bn agreement to take over the company . retailers saw some gains on what is known as " black friday " , the day americans flock to malls and shops in search of holidays gifts . k - mart was up 3 . 3 per cent at $ 6 . 79 , dillard added 2 . 8 per cent to $ 15 . 48 , while federated department stores was up 3 . 6 per cent at $ 38 . 47 and sears roebuck gained 2 . 4 per cent to $ 45 . 34 . ericsson , the swedish mobile telecommunications group , saw its adrs gain 5 . 75 per cent to $ 5 . 52 after its chief executive said the company was expecting fewer competitors in the third - generation mobile telecommunications market . the adrs of rival nokia were among volume leaders on the nyse , up 2 . 1 per cent to $ 24 . 15 . amid scant corporate news , d & e communications , a telecom services company , was down 11 . 2 per cent to $ 17 . 8 after it announced after the previous session ' s close that it would buy conestoga enterprises for $ 273 . 3 m of cash , stock , or a combination of the two . conestoga shares gained 22 . 79 per cent to $ 29 . 90 . toronto edged lower in early trading as energy stocks ran into selling . the s & p 300 composite index was off per cent at at midsession . the latest attack of nerves for crude oil prices sparked a bear run on energy stocks and alberta energy fell c $ 1 . 95 to c $ 58 . 55 and talisman energy c $ 1 . 05 to c $ 55 . 70 . technology leaders were little changed in light trading . nortel networks hardened 2 cents to c $ 12 . 62 . among latin american markets , sao paulo continued to push higher in early trading , with the bovespa index up 2 . 6 per cent at 13 , 355 . 37 at midsession . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section a journal wait until dark by frank rich 11 / 24 / 2001 the new york times page 27 , column 1 c . 2001 new york times company in the immediate aftermath of sept . 11 , the arab world was riveted by the rumor that israel was somehow behind the attack on the world trade center . al jazeera went so far as to report that 4 , 000 jews had been given advance notice not to go to work at the towers that day . you ' d think that no one in american officialdom would do anything to fan the flames of such noxious fictions , but if so , you ' d be underestimating john ashcroft . as part of his mass dragnet prompted by the attacks on america , our attorney general has rounded up about 50 israeli jews , some of whom have been detained for nearly a month on the pretext of minor offenses involving working papers . why hold israelis when there is no evidence linking them to terrorist activity ? ' ' we are taking every step we can to prevent future terrorist attacks , ' ' said a justice department spokesman when queried by tamar lewin and alison leigh cowan , the times reporters who broke the story of the israeli detainees on wednesday . ' ' we are leaving no stone unturned . ' ' given that none of mr . ashcroft ' s 1 , 200 or so arrests to date , whether of israeli jews or anyone else , have produced a single charge in connection with the mass murders of sept . 11 , it doesn ' t seem as if he is even looking in the right quarry . but in his blundering , he has now handed radical islam a propaganda coup in its war against israel . on this bittersweet thanksgiving weekend , there are many reasons to feel thankful - - from the heroism of the americans who sacrificed their lives for others to george w . bush ' s nuanced and so far effective prosecution of the war . though there have been boisterous nervous nellies on the right attacking the president ' s strategy , many of them even angrier at colin powell than they are at bill maher , there are no gaping fissures in the country ' s unity . a los angeles times poll last week shows that even democrats support the president by four to one , no matter how you read the ballots in florida . and yet on the domestic front , as exemplified by the actions of mr . ashcroft , the administration is acting as if america has no inner strength whatsoever . by working its various end runs around our laws , the fearful message is clear : american democracy is too weak to contend with terrorism , and two of the three branches of government , the judicial and the legislative , are not to be trusted . even as we track down a heinous enemy who operates out of a cave , we are getting ready to show the world that the american legal system must retreat to a cave to fight back . our government refuses to identify its many detainees , or explain why they are held , or even give an accurate count . the next stop on the assembly line for these suspects could be a military tribunal , which , as decreed by president bush in an executive order , is another secret proceeding in which neither the verdicts , evidence nor punishments ever have to be revealed to the public . thus could those currently in captivity move from interment to execution without anyone ever learning why or where they disappeared . if this sounds like old - fashioned american justice , it is - - albeit of such americas as cuba and chile . if the administration were really proud of how it ' s grabbing ' ' emergency ' ' powers that skirt the law , it wouldn ' t do so in the dead of night . it wasn ' t enough for congress to enhance mr . ashcroft ' s antiterrorist legal arsenal legitimately by passing the u . s . a . - patriot act before anyone could read it ; now he rewrites more rules without consulting senators or congressmen of either party at all . he abridged by decree the freedom of information act , an essential check on government malfeasance in peace and war alike , and discreetly slipped his new directive allowing eavesdropping on conversations between some lawyers and clients into the federal register . he has also refused repeated requests to explain himself before congressional committees , finally relenting to a nominal appearance in december . at one house briefing , according to time magazine , he told congressmen they could call an 800 number if they had any questions about what justice is up to . this kind of high - handedness and secrecy has been a hallmark of the administration beginning jan . 20 , not sept . 11 . the cheney energy task force faced a lawsuit from the general accounting office rather than reveal its dealings with bush - cheney campaign contributors like those at the now imploding enron corporation . the president ' s commission on social security reform also bent the law to meet in secret . but since the war began , the administration has gone to unprecedented lengths to restrict news coverage of not only its own activities but also osama bin laden ' s . a bush executive order diminishing access to presidential papers could restrict a future david mccullough or michael beschloss from reconstructing presidential histories . to consolidate his own power , mr . ashcroft even seized authority from mary jo white , the battle - proven u . s . attorney who successfully prosecuted both the 1993 world trade center terrorists and the bin laden accomplices in the 1998 african embassy bombings . he has similarly shunted aside state and local law - enforcement officials by keeping them in the dark before issuing his vague warnings of imminent terrorist attacks . thanks to a journalist , sara rimer of the times , we now know that one of the attorney general ' s secret detainees was in fact a local official : dr . irshad shaikh , a johns hopkins - educated legal immigrant who serves as the city health commissioner of chester , pa . dr . shaikh ' s door was broken down by federal agents who suspected he might be an anthrax terrorist . it ' s all too easy to see why mr . ashcroft wants to hide embarrassing fiascoes like this . but it ' s also likely that the attorney general wants to hide the arrests he is not making along with the errant ones that he is . as far as anthrax terrorism goes , evidence like the lethal letter to senator patrick leahy increasingly suggests that the culprit is not a muslim or israeli immigrant but , as mr . ashcroft ' s fellow cabinet member tommy thompson put it this week , ' ' a disgruntled american ' ' piggybacking on islamic terrorism . the obvious suspects include those on the timothy mcveighesque fringes of the second amendment cult , who proudly trade in germ war ' ' cookbooks ' ' at gun shows , and those in the anti - abortion terrorist movement , who have a history of wielding anthrax scares as well as explosives in pursuit of their cause . but is mr . ashcroft pulling in , say , any of america ' s own talibans , like the army of god , with his dragnet ? it seems unlikely , given that these organizations , which are big on advertising their own self - martyrdom , haven ' t reported any such detentions . a cynic might think that domestic extremists who share the attorney general ' s antipathy to abortion and gun control - - and are opposed to the likes of mr . leahy and tom daschle - - receive a free pass denied to suspicious - looking immigrants . yet that cynicism could be dispelled in a second if mr . ashcroft trusted the public , and for that matter his former colleagues in congress , to carry out his brand of law enforcement in daylight . while mr . ashcroft may abhor such openness because he ' s pursuing a political agenda of his own , it ' s also possible that less malevolently , he ' s just trying to hide his failure at getting the job done . there ' s nothing in the man ' s history as either a governor or senator to suggest that he ' s the rudy giuliani his assignment calls for , and despite his strong - arm policing since sept . 11 , he has no visible results . his latest scheme - - to spend 30 days interviewing 5 , 000 more immigrants who , he says , fit ' ' a set of generic parameters ' ' - - inspires so little confidence that some local police chiefs are in open revolt against it . mr . ashcroft likens himself to robert kennedy , who also at times warped constitutional protections in ravenous pursuit of criminality . but among the many differences between the men is the fact that kennedy actually busted criminals . if another 30 days and 5 , 000 interviews pass with no breakthroughs , who knows what grandiose new plot mr . ashcroft will devise , and at what civic price , to make himself look like dick tracy . at a time when most americans feel confident that the war on terrorism is going as well , if not better , than could be expected , his every ineffectual and extralegal move waves an anomalous but still chilling white flag of defeat . drawing copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c the markets : stocks and bonds heartened by holiday shopping , shares rise in quiet day by reuters 11 / 24 / 2001 the new york times page 5 , column 5 c . 2001 new york times company stocks advanced during yesterday ' s holiday - shortened session as traders snapped up retail stocks , heartened by signs that the year - end shopping season opened with a strong start . the discount retailer wal - mart stores and federated department stores , the department store operator , helped bolster the broad - market indexes amid only light trade . deep discounting has helped bring shoppers into the malls despite some large job losses and the slump in spending that followed the sept . 11 terrorist attacks . traders also said they were optimistic that the war in afghanistan might end soon , after reports that some taliban troops are close to a surrender . ' ' it looks like the war is over and traders are getting a jump on it before everyone comes in for work on monday , ' ' said mace blicksilver , a money manager for marblehead asset management . ' ' retailers are doing well and the mood is better , ' ' he added . hopes for a rebound in the economy and corporate profits sometime next year have driven the market higher in recent weeks , pulling it off the three - year lows that followed the sept . 11 attacks . the standard & poor ' s 500 - stock index has closed up for seven of the past nine weeks . the dow jones industrial average rose 125 . 03 points , or 1 . 3 percent , to close at 9 , 959 . 71 , while the broader s . & p . 500 gained 13 . 31 points , or 1 . 2 percent , to 1 , 150 . 34 . the technology - laden nasdaq composite index advanced 28 . 15 points , or 1 . 5 percent , to 1 , 903 . 20 . stocks closed higher for the third consecutive week , with the dow rising 0 . 94 percent , the s . & p . 500 gaining 1 . 03 percent and the nasdaq inching up 0 . 24 percent . consumers thronged shopping malls yesterday , traditionally the busiest shopping day of the year , a sign that shoppers are willing to spend . the discount retailer wal - mart rose 68 cents , to $ 55 . 80 , while federated , parent of the department stores bloomingdale ' s and macy ' s , gained $ 1 . 10 , to $ 38 . 21 . the s . i don ' t think you ' re going to have to read too much into it , ' ' said drew forbes , a trader at daiwa securities . ' ' people are very cautious . ' ' treasuries have sold off sharply in the last two weeks as investors , betting on a swift economic recovery in 2002 , have scaled back hopes for an 11 th interest rate cut this year when the federal reserve meets in december . yields on the rate - sensitive two - year notes have spiked more than 0 . 75 percentage point in two weeks . thirty - year bonds are now yielding more than they did before the treasury surprised markets on oct . 31 by canceling sales of these issues , which set off a huge scarcity rally . the 10 - year treasury note fell 15 / 32 , to a price of 100 . the note ' s yield , which moves in the opposite direction from the price , rose to 5 percent from 4 . 95 percent on wednesday . the price of the 30 - year treasury bond fell 20 / 32 , to 99 31 / 32 . the bond ' s yield rose to 5 . 38 percent from 5 . 35 percent on wednesday . graph tracks the dow jones industrial average over the past year . ( sources : associated press ; bloomberg financial markets ) tables : ' ' hot ' ' the favorites ' ' lists stocks held by largest number of accounts at merrill lynch . ( compiled from staff reports , the associated press , bloomberg news , bridge news , dow jones , reuters ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk dynegy scrambles to save enron deal energy : shares of the acquisition target have fallen 45 % since the merger was announced . analysts say the companies might renegotiate . c . bryson hull reuters 11 / 24 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 1 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company houston - - a long weekend of work faced dynegy inc . and proposed acquisition enron corp . , whose worsening stock woes friday heightened fear that the deal could be renegotiated or collapse entirely . enron shares fell 30 cents , or 6 % , to close at $ 4 . 71 on the new york stock exchange . dynegy shares rose 64 cents to $ 40 . 40 , also on the nyse . dynegy and its advisors were expected to spend the weekend reviewing rival enron ' s complex books , as both parties race against the decline in enron ' s stock to complete the thorough financial examinations a merger requires . houston - based dynegy on nov . 9 agreed to pay about $ 9 billion in stock for enron . but after the 45 % drop in enron shares by friday ' s close , on fears the company could run out of cash before the deal closes , enron ' s market capitalization is only about $ 4 billion . at dynegy ' s current stock price , its offer for enron is worth about $ 10 . 85 a share - - more than twice enron ' s current share price . executives and advisors from both companies are in the final stages of the review , known as due diligence , sources familiar with the matter said . the sources said that renegotiations had not been discussed as of friday afternoon and that such discussions could not occur until the review is finished . but should it turn up any more unpleasant surprises that qualify as a " material adverse change " in enron ' s business , the likelihood increases of dynegy invoking escape clauses or renegotiating , analysts and observers say . " you ' ve got to believe there is that possibility . there is a 90 % spread on the deal , " one analyst said . " there ' s unquestionably continued malaise in enron ' s core business , and dynegy has left itself open to renegotiate with enron . " enron spokeswoman karen denne said that , to her knowledge , dynegy was not renegotiating the terms of the acquisition . she repeated that enron was working on obtaining an additional $ 500 million to $ 1 billion in private equity funding to help shore up the balance sheet . dynegy spokesman john sousa said that due diligence was continuing and that the company remains optimistic about the merger . enron ' s recent admission that lower volumes at its trading business - - the crown jewel of enron that dynegy most covets - - could cause low fourth - quarter earnings raises the possibility that the trading business is losing its profitability . electricity traders said the latest developments are making it seem more likely that dynegy will renegotiate the deal or back out , a move they said would leave enron vulnerable to creditors and a possible bankruptcy . this week , rating agency fitch investors said that if dynegy stepped away from the merger , enron ' s credit situation seemed untenable and a bankruptcy filing was highly possible . traders , speaking on condition on anonymity , said they expected dynegy to scramble over the weekend to narrow the growing share - price gap . enron ' s dropping market value and the shrinking volume in its enrononline trading system increase the likelihood that dynegy could pull out , traders said . meanwhile , energy traders reiterated that they would shy away from long - term deals with enron unless they received substantial assurances the company ' s credit rating would soon improve . enron ' s bonds on friday were again talked at junk bond levels , but even lower than before . enron ' s 6 . 4 % notes maturing in 2006 and its 6 . 75 % notes were bid at 57 cents on the dollar , down from a respective 62 cents and 60 cents on wednesday , according to a trader . the notes yield to maturity a respective 21 . 5 % and 17 % . its 20 - year zero - coupon convertible bonds fell about 1 cent on the dollar to just more than 33 cents . copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk lawsuit slows msn broadband roll - out internet : the action by partner enron hurts sales during important holiday season , analysts say . the service has reached only 33 of the 45 targeted markets . dina bass bloomberg news 11 / 24 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 2 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company microsoft corp . ' s plan to expand its msn high - speed internet service has been delayed by a lawsuit by enron corp . , which could cost the software giant customers during the holiday season . msn , with enron ' s help , had hoped to have fast internet access over telephone lines available in 45 markets starting oct . 25 . instead , the service is available in only 33 markets , including los angeles and san diego , a microsoft spokesman said . houston - based enron , which agreed in june to provide the backbone for a nationwide expansion of msn ' s service , contends that it isn ' t required to deliver broadband services if microsoft hasn ' t first provided a billing and ordering system . microsoft officials declined to comment on the suit but said some of their other high - speed access partnerships , including a 14 - state deal with qwest communications international inc . , are going well . the delay is problematic because the holidays are a popular time for consumers to buy broadband access , often with new personal computers . it follows a string of setbacks for the roll - out of the service . microsoft has " a track record of picking broadband partners that don ' t quite work out , " said joe laszlo , senior analyst at market researcher jupiter media metrix inc . " it definitely hurts them with customers who want broadband right now . " the company originally began a service with northpoint communications group inc . , a now - bankrupt provider of fast web access . msn expanded elsewhere by working with enron competitors , which msn marketing director bob visse declined to name . most recently , msn ' s high - speed service expanded into san francisco , sacramento , houston , dallas , san antonio and austin , texas . msn product manager lisa gurry said microsoft will have broadband access for sale by the end of march to 90 % of the households that have digital subscriber lines in their neighborhoods . msn had aimed for 90 % by last month . subscribers to fast internet access services are expected to grow fourfold by 2006 as sales of slower access plans decline , according to jupiter media metrix . top internet service provider america online , owned by aol time warner inc . , also has been slow to get into the high - speed market , analysts said . laszlo said msn and aol might pay for their sluggishness with tougher competition from third - place earthlink inc . and from cable and telephone companies that have more experience selling high - speed internet access . america online has more than 31 million subscribers , msn has 7 million , and earthlink has 4 . 8 million . laszlo doesn ' t think msn or america online can build the kind of lead in the high - speed market that america online has in the slower dial - up access market . " there is very little growth left in the dial - up access space for microsoft or anybody , which leaves them with broadband as the only potential growth area , " said youssef squali , an analyst at fac / equities . analysts also said microsoft still needs to find a cable partner that will let msn use its network to sell fast access over cable lines . cable is more popular than dsl with customers looking for fast web service . the five largest cable providers control 51 % of the u . s . high - speed internet market . msn vice president yusuf mehdi said last month that the company might be interested in an investment in at & t corp . ' s cable television unit , which at & t is considering selling . * times staff writer joseph menn contributed to this report . copyright ? 2000 dow jones n 1 ( copyright 2001 by the chicago tribune ) power companies enron corp . and dynegy inc . and their advisers are scheduled to spend this weekend poring over enron ' s books , which could lead to a renegotiation of dynegy ' s acquisition of embattled enron . the specter of renegotiation pushed enron shares down 6 percent , or 30 cents , to $ 4 . 71 at the close of friday trading on the new york stock exchange . dynegy shares closed up 64 cents , or 1 . 61 percent , to $ 40 . 40 . despite the light trading of the overall market in the holiday - shortened session , enron shares were trading robustly . enron again led the list of the most heavily traded stocks on the exchange by a wide margin . dynegy agreed to pay about $ 9 billion in stock for enron . but after falling 45 percent by friday ' s close amid fears that it could run out of cash before dynegy completes its buyout , enron sports a market capitalization of only about $ 4 . 03 billion . with enron shares continuing to trade at a steep discount to the deal ' s value , the trading pattern indicates the market has little faith in the deal being completed as announced . investment bankers on the deal are in the final stages of due diligence , sources say . should the examination of enron ' s business turn up any more unpleasant surprises , renegotiation of the deal ' s terms is a strong possibility . an enron spokeswoman said that , to her knowledge , dynegy was not renegotiating the terms of the acquisition . dynegy could not be reached for comment . in a report on wednesday , ronald barone , an analyst at ubs warburg , suggested that the deal ' s exchange ratio of 0 . 2685 share of dynegy for each share of enron could be readjusted . " we believe the odds of enron incurring a material adverse change on its operations is soaring , which suggests that - - assuming dynegy wants to continue to move forward with the deal - - the 0 . 2685 ratio will not hold , " he wrote . barone said that a much lower exchange ratio of 0 . 15 was more realistic . there also is the possibility that enron ' s lower stock price is an indication that traders are speculating enron will need to issue more stock to stabilize its financial position . the market is closely waiting to hear if there is more news to come from the credit rating agencies . any downgrade would be devastating to enron , which is sitting just one notch above speculative status . on wednesday , fitch inc . said it was maintaining enron ' s credit rating , based on the possibile merger and on the support of its lending banks . glen grabelsky of fitch ' s credit policy group said he expects enron to close on additional financing , but he couldn ' t specify a time frame in which it would occur . enron spokeswoman karen denne said the company was trying to get $ 500 million to $ 1 billion in additional financing . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business source : world reporter ( tm ) six months ago , when us president george w bush turned down california ' s request for energy relief , many observers believed the reason was the close ties between mr bush and the enron corporation of texas , the biggest us electricity trader . enron ' s chief executive , mr kenneth lay , was the president ' s biggest campaign contributor . the 58 - year - old billionaire , who ran mr bush ' s texas gubernatorial campaign , loaned the bush family enron ' s private lear jets , and contributed dollars 100 , 000 ( ? 114 , 000 ) towards the inaugural gala in january . after mr bush took over the white house , mr lay became a powerful voice in washington as energy adviser , helping to shape a policy which enraged environmentalists and encouraged mr bush to use california as a stalking horse for plans to drill for new oil on federal lands . now mr lay ' s reputation and career lie in ruins , and his company is fighting for survival . stock in enron , once considered the smartest and most aggressive company in the electricity and natural gas industries , has crashed from dollars 90 to dollars 5 . enron ' s controversial financial dealings are under federal investigation following the disclosure of massive write - offs in hitherto hidden partnerships . the dizzying speed of enron ' s fall has threatened widespread disruption in the us energy market which it dominated . whether the company survives depends now on its banks and the commitment of rival energy firm , dynegy , to follow through on an offer to pay about dollars 9 billion in stock for the debt - ridden company . since the scandal broke it has been revealed that enron had 33 partnerships which held billions of dollars in debt , for which the company was liable . enron needed such debt , analysts said , to support expanding levels of trading in electricity and gas . however , the weight of debt left the company unable to maintain its credit rating , growth and high stock valuation . the revelation that partnerships were used to move debt off the company ' s balance sheet and that enron overstated profits in the past five years by almost dollars 600 million was shocking enough for enron employees . however , they were infuriated further when they learned on thursday that mr lay was due to get a severance package of dollars 60 . 2 million from dynegy at the same time as the value of their stock options and retirement accounts had evaporated . the reaction to the idea that mr lay would profit handsomely from the merger was so hostile that the chief executive was forced to waive the compensation , amounting to three year ' s severance pay . still , mr lay ' s personal wealth is not threatened ; last year he cashed in options for dollars 123 million . since 1989 , mr lay has accumulated dollars 13 million in salary , dollars 26 . 8 million in cash bonuses and dollars 266 . 7 million in profits from selling stock . his bonus in 2000 was dollars 7 million , an award that enron ' s board said was based on rising profits and high shareholder return . the company has since admitted it improperly applied accounting rules and that about 40 per cent of its profit in 2000 came from transactions with partnerships controlled by enron ' s chief financial officer . yesterday , shares in enron fluctuated wildly as concerns grew over whether the dynegy acquisition plan could be changed or that the deal could collapse . enron shook the markets when it disclosed on monday that it might have to repay dollars 690 million debt by november 26 th because its credit ratings had been lowered , but on wednesday repayment was postponed to mid - december . the three - week reprieve gives the company more time to restructure its finances , but its bonds fell amid concern enron would run out of cash before the dynegy takeover is completed next year . enron ' s current cash balance is inadequate to pay off debt repayments of dollars 2 . 8 billion due before the end of december , according to goldman sachs , and wholesale trading customers have asked enron to put up more cash for collateral , according to the fitch ratings agency . mr lay , the son of a country preacher , and his partner mr jeffrey skilling - who resigned abruptly as enron ' s ceo in august - used innovative financial techniques during the 1990 s to profit from increased federal deregulation of the energy industry . the financial control mr lay exerted over the oil and gas markets - labelled excessive and misguided by critics - had an enormous effect on california ' s disastrous experiment with electricity deregulation , according to the los angeles times . analysts said enron faced collapse if the merger with dynegy , a much smaller company , fell apart - and that its survival depended on being able to restore investors ' and trading partners ' confidence in its financial health . many energy companies have already scaled back their dealings with enron . the enron case will come before the securities & exchange commission ( sec ) chaired by bush appointee mr harvey pitt . the commission will look into whether enron adequately disclosed the risk to shareholders from its partnership deals . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business enron price slides amid fear for rescue bid carl mortished international business editor 11 / 24 / 2001 the times of london news international final 2 60 ( copyright times newspapers ltd , 2001 ) shares in enron yesterday continued their precipitous fall amid fears that a rescue bid for the embattled us power group could fall at the last hurdle . the shares plunged another 6 per cent , taking losses for the week to more than 50 per cent , as it emerged that the rival dynegy , which launched a $ 9 billion ( pounds 6 billion ) rescue bid earlier this month , might try to walk away from the deal . dynegy ' s current offer values enron at about $ 10 . 85 a share - more than twice the group ' s current share price . enron ' s troubles were further aggravated yesterday by the revelation that members of the company ' s retirement plan have filed class - action lawsuits against the company alleging that they were misled about the risk of investing in enron shares . under the 401 ( k ) retirement plan , employees are able to choose a number of different investments , including mutual funds , but one option is stock in their own company . the suit alleges that the trustees of the enron plan failed to inform plan participants that the company stock was in peril . enron was unavailable for comment yesterday . investment bankers working on dynegy ' s offer will spend the weekend carrying out due diligence on enron ' s books . wall street sources believe advisers might use the opportunity to renegotiate the price , or worse still , walk away from a bid altogether . one analyst , who declined to be named , said that the chance of dynegy wriggling out of the bid by citing a " material change " was rising with every hour that passed . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business market report : investors fret over barclays ' exposure to troubled enron michael jivkov 11 / 24 / 2001 the independent - london foreign 22 ( copyright 2001 independent newspapers ( uk ) limited ) the banking giant barclays found itself firmly on the blue chip fallers list yesterday as investors fretted about the group ' s exposure to the beleaguered us energy group enron . talk in the market was that barclays , down 98 p at 2 , 150 p , has a significant exposure to the company , which has been teetering on the brink of collapse for the last few weeks . although enron has received a $ 9 bn ( pounds 6 bn ) rescue approach from the us company dynegy , the troubled group has seen its share price nearly halve since the offer was tabled . this has led to speculation that the deal has collapsed which according to analysts would leave enron facing bankruptcy . bank of america also weighed on barclays shares as the broker reduced its rating to " market perform " from " buy " . in the meantime it upgraded hbos , off 13 . 5 p to 844 . 5 p , to " buy " from " market perform " . it argued that the switch was an attempt to reposition clients out of what it perceived was barclays ' international and us exposure and into a bank more focused on the uk . the ftse 100 slipped 52 . 7 points to 5 , 293 . 2 , largely ignoring gains on wall street , which was open only for a half day . oils stocks had a roller - coaster ride yesterday . they made impressive gains at the start of the session buoyed by norway ' s decision on thursday to cut production by 200 , 000 barrels a day but fell back in late trade as it emerged that russia would shave only 50 , 000 off its daily production of 7 million . the market viewed the cut as far from sufficient , sending the price of crude lower and with it shell , off 4 p at 493 p , bp , down 5 . 5 p to 530 p , and enterprise oil , 13 p weaker at 451 p . analysts at credit suisse first boston advised clients to sell down holdings in the sector , arguing that fundamentals for the industry are looking weak . man group rose 18 p to 1 , 255 p as merrill lynch upped its price target to 1 , 750 p from 1 , 500 p and reiterated its " buy " rating . the broker reckons there is no short term pressure on the fund manager ' s margins and applauded the fact that man charges significant fees but also delivers significant performance benefits after all fees have been paid . gkn was not so lucky , slumping 13 . 5 p to 300 p , after hsbc securities downgraded its rating to " hold " from " add " . in a note to clients hsbc highlights the stock ' s impressive rally from the 220 p level since late september and suggests that it has little further to run . it reckons that the automotive sector in which gkn operates will hit negative newsflow in the coming months as market conditions in europe and the us continue to deteriorate . the television and radio group chrysalis jumped 15 p to 230 p after deputy chairman charles levison disclosed the purchase of 10 , 000 shares at 215 p . the media sector more generally , which has been in vogue in recent weeks on hopes of an economic recovery , was in retreat as investors opted for the safety of defensive plays . pearson fell 38 p to 827 p , bskyb lost 35 p to 812 p while reed international was off 13 p at 577 p . hays fell 9 . 25 p to 202 p as dresdner kleinwort wasserstein downgraded to " hold " from " buy " citing concerns about volumes in the group ' s network areas and concerns about delays to new outsourcing contracts . the german broker also warned that the hangover from last year ' s problems and staffing slowdown could lead to no earnings growth in 2002 for hays . the food manufacturer geest rose 20 . 5 p to 669 . 5 p after city analysts visited the group ' s lincolnshire sites and returned to upgrade their estimates . charles hall of westlb said that a presentation by management during the visit showed that growth continues to be excellent and that geest is starting to deliver attractive returns . he said that both the plants visited were well invested and " as good as anything we have seen in the industry " . princedale rose 3 . 5 p to 19 . 5 p after the plastics manufacturer received a 20 p per share cash bid valuing the group at pounds 15 m . the offer represents a premium of 25 per cent on the previous session closing price . the boilers to workspace solutions group bullough fell 2 . 25 p to 19 p after warning of significant full year losses and unveiling job cuts . the group also said that the well known value investor peter gyllenhammar will join the board as a non - executive director . mr gyllenhammar is also deputy chairman of montpellier , which recently picked up a 26 per cent holding in the company . bullough planned to sell off its boilers division but yesterday announced it was halting the sale , saying that the offers it had received were inadequate . it emerged yesterday that robert bonnier , the former chief executive and founder of scoot . com , has sold the bulk of his stake in the troubled on - line information company . at the height of the dot . com boom his 44 million shares , held in the name of toocs international , were worth more than pounds 100 m . at the end of last month he could only raise a mere pounds 440 , 000 for his stake selling it at 1 . 1 p a share . scoot shares were up 0 . 14 p to 1 . 74 p yesterday . market movers regus 48 p ( up 5 p , 11 . 6 per cent ) . major competitor hq global plans to close down the majority of its european operations . telewest 72 . 5 p ( up 4 p , 5 . 8 per cent ) . morgan stanley reiterates its " outperform " rating with 132 p target price . manchester united 143 p ( up 6 p , 4 . 4 per cent ) . reports that strike by footballers has been averted excite investors . brake bros 542 . 5 p ( up 20 p , 3 . 83 per cent ) . credit suisse first boston upgrades to " buy " from " hold " with 700 p target price arguing that the recent sell - off has been overdone . henlys 113 . 5 p ( up 20 p , 21 . 4 per cent ) . nova bus division wins contract with transport urbain de quebec in canada . lastminute 36 . 75 p ( up 4 . 25 p , 13 . 1 per cent ) . announces a surge in sales and says it will break even in six months time . applied optical technologies 98 . 5 p ( up 11 p , 12 . 6 per cent ) . confirms anti - counterfeiting contract for 2004 athens olympic games merchandise range . jacobs 21 p ( up 2 p , 10 . 5 per cent ) . plans restructuring and possible disposal of non - core assets . wellington underwriting 91 . 5 p ( up 9 p , 10 . 9 per cent ) . says it is in talks with a number of venture capitalists with view to setting up a new insurance company . cambridge antibody technology 1 , 879 ( down 41 p , 2 . 1 per cent ) . slight nervousness ahead of full year results on monday with analyst expecting losses to widen . gameplay 0 . 85 p ( down 0 . 30 p , 26 . 1 per cent ) . takeover talks collapse . william baird 50 . 5 p ( down 14 p , 21 . 7 per cent ) . says full year results will be significantly below expectations . black arrow 52 . 5 p ( down 13 p , 19 . 9 per cent ) . says order book at a low and unveils a slump in first half pre - tax profits . durlacher 7 p ( down 0 . 75 p , 9 . 6 per cent ) . lehman brothers dumps 1 . 2 m shares on the market . seaq trades : 116 , 464 seaq volumes : 1 . 86 bn copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business dynegy could renegotiate enron bid - - - target stock sags to less than half of offer ' s value carolyn koo 11 / 24 / 2001 the toronto star ontario eo 9 copyright ( c ) 2001 the toronto star power companies enron corp . and dynegy inc . and their advisers are scheduled to spend this weekend poring over enron ' s books , which could lead to a renegotiation of dynegy ' s acquisition of embattled enron . the spectre of renegotiation pushed enron shares down more than 5 per cent , or 27 cents ( u . s . ) , to $ 4 . 74 yesterday on the new york stock exchange . dynegy closed up 64 cents , or 1 . 61 per cent , to $ 40 . 40 . dynegy originally agreed to pay about $ 9 billion in stock for enron . amid fears that enron could run out of cash before dynegy completes its buy , however , enron now has a market capitalization of only about $ 4 . 03 billion . at dynegy ' s current stock price , the offer for enron is worth about $ 10 . 85 a share , more than twice enron ' s current share price . investment bankers on the deal are currently in the final stages of due diligence , sources said . they said renegotiations had not been discussed as of yesterday afternoon , and that such discussions could not occur until the due diligence review is finished . if the examination of enron ' s business turns up any more unpleasant surprises , renegotiation of the deal ' s terms is considered a strong possibility . in a report on wednesday , ronald barone , an analyst at ubs warburg , suggested the deal ' s current exchange ratio of 0 . 2685 of a share of dynegy for each share of enron could well be readjusted . " we believe the odds of enron incurring a material adverse change on its operations is soaring , which suggests that - assuming dynegy wants to continue to move forward with the deal - the 0 . 2685 ratio will not hold , " he wrote . he said a ratio of 0 . 15 was more realistic . another analyst also said renegotiation is likely : " you ' ve got to believe there is that possibility . there ' s unquestionably continued malaise in enron ' s core business and dynegy has left itself open to renegotiate with enron . " recently , some of enron ' s natural gas and electricity trading partners have further scaled back their activity , causing that " malaise . " many of those partners are shunning new long - term deals and greatly reducing the number of transactions . lower volumes in enron ' s trading business , which is the largest and most coveted portion of its operation , could cause fourth - quarter earnings to come in below expectations , enron has said . concern is also growing about enron on the bond market . the company ' s 6 . 4 per cent notes maturing in 2006 and 6 . 75 per cent notes were bid yesterday at 57 cents on the dollar , down from a respective 62 and 60 cents on wednesday , a trader said . the notes ' yields to maturity are 21 . 5 and 17 per cent respectively . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . financial post : world enron ' s stock slump could mean deal is renegotiated : shares off 45 % carolyn koo reuters , with files from bloomberg news 11 / 24 / 2001 national post national fp 8 ( c ) national post 2001 . all rights reserved . new york - power companies enron corp . and dynegy inc . and their advisers are scheduled to spend this weekend poring over enron ' s books , which could lead to a renegotiation of dynegy ' s acquisition of embattled enron . the spectre of renegotiation pushed enron shares down more than 5 % , or us 27 cents , to us $ 4 . 74 at the close of friday trading on the new york stock exchange . dynegy shares closed up us 64 cents , or 1 . 61 % , to us $ 40 . 40 . dynegy originally agreed to pay about us $ 9 - billion in stock for enron . but , after falling 45 % by friday amid fears it could run out of cash before dynegy completes its buy , enron now sports a market capitalization of only about us $ 4 . 03 - billion . at dynegy ' s current stock price , its offer for enron is worth about us $ 10 . 85 a share - - more than twice enron ' s current share price . investment bankers on the deal are currently in the final stages of due diligence , sources say . should the examination of enron ' s business turn up any more unpleasant surprises , renegotiation of terms is a strong possibility . an enron spokeswoman said that , to her knowledge , dynegy was not renegotiating the terms of the acquisition . dynegy spokesman john sousa said the company " remains optimistic for the potential of the merger . " in a report on wednesday , ronald barone , an analyst at ubs warburg , suggested that the deal ' s current exchange ratio of 0 . 2685 share of dynegy for each share of enron could well be readjusted . mr . barone said a much lower exchange ratio of 0 . 15 was more realistic . " you ' ve got to believe there is that possibility . there is a 90 % spread on the deal , " said one analyst , referring to a potential renegotiation . " there ' s unquestionably continued malaise in enron ' s core business and dynegy has left itself open to renegotiate with enron , " he continued . recently , some of enron ' s natural gas and electricity trading partners have further scaled back their activity , causing that " malaise . " many of those partners are shunning new long - term deals and greatly reducing the number of transactions . lower volumes at its trading business , which is the largest and most coveted portion of its operation , could cause fourth - quarter earnings to come in below expectations , enron has said . even as the two companies ' advisers review the company ' s books , enron is facing an increasing number of lawsuits and a tidal wave of potential liabilities , if the past year is any guide . some big pension funds that invested in enron have said they are considering legal options in the wake of enron ' s stock collapse and a regulatory probe of its dealings . the company has also been sued by employees who say they lost large amounts of money in retirement savings that were heavily invested in enron ' s stock . one of the suits , filed in u . s . district court in houston on tuesday , alleged that enron " recklessly endangered " the retirement savings of its employees by encouraging them to invest heavily in enron stock without warning them of any risks . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . report on business : international dynegy may renegotiate deal firms to finish examining enron ' s books reuter news agency 11 / 24 / 2001 the globe and mail metro bl 1 " all material copyright ( c ) bell globemedia publishing inc . and its licensors . all rights reserved . " new york - - power companies enron corp . and dynegy inc . and their advisers are scheduled to spend this weekend poring over enron ' s books , which could lead to a renegotiation of dynegy ' s acquisition of embattled enron . the spectre of renegotiation pushed enron shares down more than 5 per cent , or 27 cents ( u . s . ) , to close at $ 4 . 74 yesterday on the new york stock exchange . dynegy shares closed up 64 cents , or 1 . 61 per cent , to $ 40 . 40 . dynegy originally agreed to pay about $ 9 - billion in stock for enron . but since the company ' s stock fell 45 per cent by yesterday ' s close amid fears that it could run out of cash before dynegy completes its buy , enron now sports a market capitalization of only about $ 4 - billion . at dynegy ' s current stock price , its offer for enron is worth about $ 10 . 85 a share - - more than twice enron ' s current share price . investment bankers on the deal are currently in the final stages of due diligence , sources say . should the examination of enron ' s business turn up any more unpleasant surprises , renegotiation of the deal ' s terms is a strong possibility . an enron spokeswoman said that , to her knowledge , dynegy was not renegotiating the terms of the acquisition . dynegy could not be reached for comment . in a report on wednesday , ronald barone , an analyst at ubs warburg , suggested that the deal ' s current exchange ratio of 0 . 2685 shares of dynegy for each share of enron could well be readjusted . " we believe the odds of enron incurring a material adverse change on its operations are soaring , which suggests that - - assuming dynegy wants to continue to move forward with the deal - - the 0 . 2685 ratio will not hold , " he wrote . mr . barone said an exchange ratio of 0 . 15 is more realistic . " you ' ve got to believe there is that possibility . there is a 90 - per - cent spread on the deal , " said one analyst , referring to a potential renegotiation . " there ' s unquestionably continued malaise in enron ' s core business , and dynegy has left itself open to renegotiate with enron , " he continued . recently , some of enron ' s natural gas and electricity trading partners further scaled back their activity , causing that " malaise . " many of those partners are shunning new long - term deals and greatly reducing the number of transactions . lower volumes at its trading business , which is the largest and most coveted portion of its operation , could cause fourth - quarter earnings to come in below expectations , enron has said . even as the two companies ' advisers review the company ' s books , enron is facing an increasing number of lawsuits and a tidal wave of potential liabilities , if the past year is any guide . some big pension funds that invested in enron have said they are considering legal options in the wake of enron ' s stock collapse and a regulatory probe of its dealings . enron has also been sued by employees who say they lost large amounts of money in retirement savings that were heavily invested in the company ' s stock . one of the suits , filed in u . s . district court in houston on tuesday , alleged that enron " recklessly endangered " the retirement savings of its employees . copyright ? 2000 dow jones blue chips turn in a strong day , reversing profit - taking sessions by adam geller , associated press 11 / 24 / 2001 san jose mercury news morning final 8 c ( c ) copyright 2001 , san jose mercury news . all rights reserved . new york - - investors returned from the thanksgiving holiday in a buyingmood friday , sending blue - chip stocks to strong gains and reversing the profit - taking trend of recent sessions . the dow jones industrial average ended an abbreviated trading session up 125 . 03 to 9 , 959 . 71 . for the week , the dow climbed 92 . 72 points , or 0 . 9 percent . broader stock indicators also rose . the standard & poor ' s 500 index was up 13 . 31 to 1 , 150 . 34 , to end the week up 1 percent . the nasdaq composite index rose 28 . 15 to 1 , 903 . 20 , to end the week up 0 . 2 percent . advancing issues outnumbered decliners by a nearly 3 - 1 ratio on the new york stock exchange , where consolidated volume came to 512 . 75 million shares , down sharply from 1 . 28 billion in wednesday ' s session . the rise in stock prices , despite the absence of news , shows some investors see buying opportunities after market backtracking earlier this week , analysts said . ' ' we did see some selling . we did see some money taken off the table . but there are bargain hunters that refuse to sit idly by as optimism appears to be increasing , ' ' said alan ackerman , executive vice president at fahnestock & co . in new york . friday ' s gains reversed the trend of earlier this week , but are in line with the market ' s recent surge , which has seen stocks gain about 20 percent from the lows that followed the sept . 11 terrorist attacks . stock markets closed early at 10 a . m . pst . gainers included ericsson , whose chairman said this week he expects less competition in the market for third - generation wireless technology . the company ' s stock rose 33 cents to $ 5 . 55 . wal - mart stores , the nation ' s largest retailer , rose 68 cents to $ 55 . 80 as consumers headed to stores on the day regarded as the official start to the holiday shopping season . toys r us shares also rose , up 95 cents to $ 23 . 05 . enron , whose acquisition by dynegy is now being questioned by investors , fell 30 cents to $ 4 . 71 . the russell 2000 index , which tracks smaller company stocks , rose 6 . 11 to 458 . 42 . bond prices fell in an abbreviated , post - holiday session as investors seemed to prefer stocks instead . the price of the benchmark 10 - year treasury note fell 1 / 2 point , or $ 5 . 00 per $ 1 , 000 in face value . its yield , which moves in the opposite direction , rose to 5 . 00 percent compared with 4 . 95 percent late wednesday . bond markets were closed thursday in observance of thanksgiving day . the 30 - year treasury bond fell 5 / 8 point to yield 5 . 38 percent , up from 5 . 35 percent on wednesday , according to moneyline telerate . overseas , stock markets were mixed . in europe , germany ' s dax index rose 0 . 2 percent , while britain ' s ft - se 100 was off 1 percent , and france ' s cac - 40 fell 0 . 6 percent . japanese markets were closed friday for a national holiday . in currency trading , the dollar managed four - month highs against the yen and the pound . the dollar reached 124 . 48 yen , its highest since aug 2 . the british pound had a low against the dollar at $ 1 . 4035 , its lowest since july 18 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones deal from reuters and the associated press 11 / 24 / 2001 san jose mercury news morning final 2 c ( c ) copyright 2001 , san jose mercury news . all rights reserved . a long weekend of work faced dynegy and proposed acquisition enron , whose worsening stock woes friday whipped up fear that the deal could be renegotiated or collapse entirely . houston - based dynegy and its advisers were expected to spend the weekend reviewing larger cross - town rival enron ' s complex books , as both parties race against the decline in enron ' s stock to complete the thorough financial examinations a merger requires . enron shares ended down 6 percent , or 30 cents , to $ 4 . 71 at the close of abbreviated friday trading on the new york stock exchange . dynegy shares rose 64 cents , or 1 . 6 percent , to $ 40 . 40 . dynegy on nov . 9 agreed to pay about $ 9 billion in stock for enron . but , after falling 45 percent by friday ' s close amid fears it could run out of cash before the deal closes , enron ' s market capitalization is only about $ 4 . 03 billion . at dynegy ' s current stock price , its offer for enron is worth about $ 10 . 85 a share - - more than twice enron ' s current share price . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . editorial workers , nest eggs devastated 11 / 24 / 2001 portland oregonian sunrise do 7 ( copyright ( c ) the oregonian 2001 ) about 2 , 700 local portland general electric / enron employees , along with 18 , 000 - plus other enron employees , had their 401 ( k ) plans locked down after enron announced a $ 618 million third - quarter loss , suffering huge losses to their retirement nest eggs [ " 401 ( k ) plans sink with enron , " nov . 16 ] . this is the corporation that gave millions of dollars to get president bush ' s regime into power . i ' m surprised bush did not , without congressional consent , offer enron a multibillion - dollar " economic stimulus " package to save the corporation . meanwhile , the hard - working enron employees are devastated . john b . waite milwaukie copyright ? 2000 dow jones people stopped having faith and , in particular , people stopped believing anything management said . this is a case study in what happens when management loses credibility . these guys kept saying , ` all the problems are behind us , ' and every time they said it , a week later , some new problem would crop up . and people started examining their balance sheet and finding all this squirrelly stuff in it . and now basically , if enron doesn ' t do this deal that it ' s negotiated to do with dynegy , they ' re going to go bankrupt . it ' s really an incredible story . simon : explain to us , if you could , what you refer to - - and i guess it ' s a technical term among economists - - ` squirrelly stuff . ' nocera : yeah , the squirrelly stuff . simon : yeah . nocera : well , the worst that happened was that they had - - it turned out that they had all these side partnerships that included enron officials that were doing billion - dollar trades with enron , and nobody quite knows why they were doing this . some people believe it was to enrich the officers in question , but other people believe that they were doing this to help smooth out their earnings . in other words , it was a form of hyping the stocks to keep the earnings going up , and they would take their losses - - they ' d bundle their losses and they ' d throw them in these partnerships so they wouldn ' t be on the balance sheet . and when this stuff started to emerge in the newspapers , that ' s when the wheels really started to fall off , and people were saying , ` if this is going on , what ' - - i mean , this his terrible in and of itself - - ` but what else could there be ? ' and it turns out there ' ve been other things as well . simon : well , you know , i think i understand why now enron wants the deal with dynegy to go through , but what does dynegy see in this ? nocera : well , enron still does somewhere 25 and 33 percent of all the natural gas and energy futures trade in the united states . it ' s a huge marketplace , and dynegy is a much smaller and more conservative player and , you know , by buying enron , suddenly they became a much , much bigger player . also , dynegy actually has hard physical assets and , unlike enron , they wouldn ' t just be a middleman on these trades , they would actually be delivering the natural gas . there is something in it for dynegy . they ' re buying a very big company at for what now looks like $ 5 a share . it ' s really incredible . simon : and let me ask about this , finally ; some enron employees - - a good number of enron employees are suing the company , contending , credibly , that they ' ve been essentially defrauded out of pension money . nocera : right . their big gripe is that when the thing started to tank , when the stock started to go down , they were unable to move their - - get out of enron stock and their pension fund - - that enron actually throws the stock in their fund , so they couldn ' t move out into a different investment vehicle . now they ' re saying that , you know , they ' ve been defrauded because the stock was fraudulently hyped . and you know what , scott ? when all is said and done , i think they ' ve got a case . i think they ' re going to be able to , in fact , show that much of what enron did , the reason they did the things they did was to hype the stock . and this is a classic case of what happens when you put the stock in front of the company instead of the company in front of the stock . simon : i hate to ask a question like this with just five seconds left , but could there be a criminal investigation ? nocera : oh , i think there will be . the sec is already circling around . simon : ok , joe , thanks very much . nocera : thank you , scott . simon : joe nocera , executive editor of fortune magazine , and speaking with us from the studios of member station wfcr , amherst . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy ' s right to enron pipeline may be disputed , barron ' s says 2001 - 11 - 24 13 : 52 ( new york ) houston , nov . 24 ( bloomberg ) - - dynegy inc . may have a hard time claiming one of enron corp . ' s pipelines if their merger agreement collapses , because the asset has been pledged as collateral for $ 1 billion in bank loans , barron ' s reported . dynegy has said its initial investment of $ 1 . 5 billion in enron , using cash from chevrontexaco corp . , gave dynegy the right to acquire northern natural gas co . if the deal falls through . enron , though , has pledged the assets of its transwestern and northern natural gas pipelines to get $ 1 billion in loans from j . p . morgan chase and salomon smith barney inc . dynegy ' s claim to the pipeline may be challenged by enron ' s lenders if enron is forced into bankruptcy , barron ' s said . dynegy may also be concerned about enron affecting its credit rating , barron ' s said . dynegy , which has a market value of more than $ 10 billion and assets worth only $ 2 . 5 billion , is listed two notches above junk status and is on watch for a possible downgrade , the weekly newspaper said . barron ' s said renegotiating the purchase in response to a recent decline in enron ' s shares might not make sense because the company ' s debt accounts for most of the deal ' s value , now around $ 23 billion . deal still on as enron shares drop 6 % houston chronicle by nelson antosh staff 11 / 24 / 01 shares of enron dropped another 6 percent friday , as the investment community fretted that the acquisition price for the company by dynegy may be reduced , or the deal might not go through at all . the two sides didn ' t offer anything new for worried investors . dynegy stuck to its wednesday statement that it is working to accelerate regulatory approvals in order to complete the deal as previously announced . dynegy is continuing to take a close look at enron as part of the due diligence process , which will involve careful study of enron ' s books , dynegy spokesman john sousa said on friday . on wednesday , dynegy chief executive chuck watson said he was encouraged that enron had closed a $ 450 million credit security and received an extension on a $ 690 million iou . dynegy remains optimistic that the deal can be done , said a source close to the company . enron spokeswoman karen denne said she was unaware of any meetings planned between top executives of the two companies this weekend , which could signal alterations to the deal . enron ' s stock , which was the most active on the new york stock exchange on friday , dropped 30 cents to close at $ 4 . 71 per share . this made it the worst performing stock in the standard & poor ' s 500 index for the week , with a loss of 48 percent for the holiday - shortened period . it was a bad week for a stock that has come down from a 52 - week high of $ 84 . 87 on dec . 28 last year . for the year to date , enron ' s price is off 94 percent . more than 40 million shares traded hands friday . on wednesday , 116 million shares were traded . analyst ron barone of ubs warburg said the odds of a reduced exchange ratio in the deal were rising . as announced nov . 9 , dynegy would exchange 0 . 2685 of its shares for each share of enron . according to barone , 0 . 15 might be more appropriate . traders also speculated that enron might need to issue more stock to stabilize its finances , which would dilute the shares currently outstanding . dynegy ' s stock gained 64 cents to close friday at $ 40 . 40 per share , on trading of 2 . 1 million shares . for the year to date , dynegy ' s price is off 28 percent . 
2	Subject: msl 50 confirmation thank you for your involvement with the 2000 isuzu msl 50 bike tour , a texas cycling tradition . check the bottom of this email for a custom donation letter that you can use for on - line donations in your name . here is a copy of the information you submitted : isuzu msl 50 contribution confirmation contribution on behalf of : john norden / jnorden @ enron . com description : donations amount : $ 25 . 00 order _ id : 9910 name : wincenty j . kaminski company : enron addressl : 1400 smith address 2 : ebl 962 city : houston state : tx zip : 77002 country : united states of america phone : 281 367 5377 e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com account name : wincenty j . kaminski card type : visa total : $ 25 . 00 
2	Subject: nesa ' s " explaining storage economics " brown bag january 29 , 2002 nesa members : attached is our latest and greatest brown bag being held february 20 , 2002 . everyone that registers for this event by february 8 , 2002 , will be automatically put into a drawing for houston livestock show and rodeo tickets . yee - haw ! hope to see you there ! lana moore director of education nesa ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 > 
2	Subject: save your money by getting an oem software ! need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . . best regards , hien  
2	Subject: gtv weekly project status report please find below the weekly project status update of gtv and the attached file for the updated project timeline . changes were underlined . gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , jeremy wong , nayan dattani , bill fortney , karima husain , chuck ames , geoff storey , jay krish , jeff gossett , russ severson . accomplishments : ? incorporating physical deal positions in tds : o changes for the view aggregation have been completed . o expandable total in cash position has been completed . ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o released to production . ? gas daily deals : o released to production . ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o released to production . ? saving different views in tds : o completed . ? capability for desk roll - ups on an ad hoc basis ( phase 2 , on hold since 7 / 9 / 01 ) : o new process for roll - up aggregators has been completed . ? option grid ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? gas daily options ( phase 2 ) : o released to production . ? basis options ( phase 2 ) : o development of deal entry type for basis options has been completed in tagg . o development of loading correlation curves has been completed . o changes to the translator have been completed . ? transport deal capture & valuation ( phase 2 ) : o creation of new deal entry type & database changes has been completed . o changes to the translator have been completed . plans for the week ending 7 / 27 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase i items . o user acceptance test of physical deal positions in tds . ? continue it development of phase ii issues . o change portcalc to value spread options . o option reports ( pl reports ) . ? new flexible deal viewer . o database schema design . o gui development . ? add more information to the drill - down deal details . o continue development . issues : none notes ? the calgary office is not able to use the new gdi calc for their gas daily books due to their current curve structure . new indexes were suggested for the gdi calc for canadian gas daily books . thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: re : ok . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : thursday , may 31 , 2001 10 : 54 am to : oxley , david cc : kitchen , louise subject : i told jean that she could pay bilbury 50 k and nonthing else . i told her that i completely disagree with any payment so view it as a payment to her or for her to be happy . this upset her . she wanted to give him 25 k later and i vetoed that . is that how you spell vetoed . john 
2	Subject: nom change - 7 / 11 / 2000 please increase deliveries to eastrans from hpl to 70 , 000 mmbtu / d eff 7 / 11 / 2000 . redeliveries will occur as follows : 7 , 800 from fcv 25 , 000 into pg & e 25 , 000 into hpl ' s cartwheel agreement at carthage 12 , 200 at mobil beaumont . detm will have 9 . 000 additional to sell . 
2	Subject: ibuyit activity for the week of october 12 th ( co . 413 ) louise , attached is the ibuyit weekly activity report for co . 413 . please advise if you have any questions . thanks john 
2	Subject: really wworks good hello , welcome to pharmonli unhung ne sho unsophisticated p - one of the leading oldclothesshop oniine pharmaceutical shops scarecrow v foulard g etymologist al l vineyard l l encage a spoken rac franklin l i musketeer sv bruise a u cobbler m andmanyother . - sa railroad ve over 50 % - worldwide received shlpplng - total conf sesquipedalian identiaiity - over 5 miiiion acquisitive customers in 130 countries have a nice pawnee day ! 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 18 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 17 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011817 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: p + option valuation model mark , after recently reviewing the booking of the p + options , it is my understanding that these options are being valued using a standard spread option model where the price evolution of the two legs of the spread are assumed to be correlated geometric brownian motion processes ( i . e . the price process assumptions are consistent with standard black - 76 model assumptions extended to two commodities ) . the payoff for a call option is : payoff  max ( 0 , a  ) b  ) k ) . where : a  nxwti ( delivery price for nymex ) b  posting price  ( wti swap )  ) ( posting basis ) k  posting bonus ( fixed ) . the only complication of this option as compared to most other spread options is that leg " b " of the spread is a combination of three prices , the two futures prices which make up the wti swap for the given month , and the average posting basis during the delivery month . combination of these prices is easily addressed by simply setting the volatility of leg " b " and the correlation to correctly account for the volatility of this basket of prices and its correlation with the nxwti price . i believe that this approach is more straightforward than the alternative , which would be to use a three or four - commodity model with its associated volatility and correlation matrices . in summary , i believe that this is an appropriate model for valuation of these types of options , assuming that the inputs are set correctly . regards , stinson gibner v . p . research 
2	Subject: engage changes name to coastal merchant energy coastal corp . announced that engage energy u . s . , l . p . has changed its name to coastal merchant energy , l . p . , which coincides with the split of the engage energy joint venture by participants coastal and westcoast energy . effective on oct . 3 , the operations were divided into separate entities which are owned and operated solely by each company . coastal merchant energy , which handles up to 3 . 5 bcf / d , appointed james c . dyer iv as president and ceo . " coastal merchant energy , l . p . will continue to provide a full spectrum of energy services , including natural gas marketing and trading , electricity trading and sales , energy management services , structured storage and transportation - related services , structured power and management services , and energy risk management services , " said david a . arledge , ceo of the coastal corp . " we will undoubtedly benefit from the further integration of our merchant activities with coastal ' s asset - based businesses . " 
2	Subject: tenaska iv 9 / 01 darren : please zero out the price on deal 384258 for 9 / 01 and add a demand fee for $ 2 , 861 , 611 . 46 . thanks , megan 
2	Subject: osman sezgen steve kromer is requesting that osman spend 1 day / week in san francisco . steve heads the risk analytics group for enery asset management under steve meyers . i will find from marty why they are setting up shop in sf . krishna . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect on 08 / 04 / 2000 04 : 40 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - to : pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect cc : dave roberts / hou / ees @ ees , osman sezgen / hou / ees @ ees subject : osman sezgen krishna , osman has informed me that he has been requested to provide research services to a larger number of clients in ees , leaving him less time to contribute to our work here at the eam desk . while i am happy for him and believe that the company will benefit from his services , i am concerned that he may not be available at a crucial time in the development of the eam option strategy . the eam desk is continuing to develop standard models for the bulk of our ecm projects . we have hired 4 people in the past month and all of them will be working by early september . osman provides an important link for our new staff to several core areas of our business . first , his experience with modeling and energy analysis are invaluable . second , as we move to treating our projects as options , and pricing them as such , osman will be needed to assist us in creating auditable methods to assess savings volatility . i am expecting two of the team members to start in san francisco in the near future . my request is for osman to be available to this team for one day a week for the next several months , preferably until christmas . thank you for your consideration of this matter . steve kromer 
2	Subject: avoid fake viagra get the real thing take energy pills for sexual health she ' s the only man in my cabinet . act as if were impossible to fail . a clash of doctrines is not a disaster - - it is an opportunity . 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122010 . txt 
2	Subject: meeting and event expenditure the approval process initiated in 1998 for all meeting and event expenditures in excess of $ 5 , 000 has enabled enron americas to better assess the business value of events , accurately track our activities and save money . these events include customer and employee meetings , and trade shows . ea has made some modifications to the process , which are described in this memo . the $ 5 , 000 threshold remains in effect for all customer events . however , the threshold for approval for employee meetings and events has been lowered to $ 500 , and some additional requirements must be met prior to approval . please be sure to follow the procedures described below for all meetings and events , so we can continue to successfully manage these events . 1 ) prior to making any commitments to customers or vendors , all customer events with anticipated costs in excess of $ 5 , 000 , and all employee events with anticipated costs in excess of $ 500 must be reviewed by the enron americas public relations department and approved by the enron americas office of the chairman 2 ) the pr department will handle the site search and hotel contract negotiations for all such events . once this is completed , the pr department will work with you to plan and produce your event in its entirety ; or they can provide as much or as little assistance as you require . the pr department will be responsible for helping you achieve the best value for your program and ea . 3 ) a completed expenditure request form ( see attached ) and supporting documentation is required for each event . employee meetings require a detailed agenda as part of the event documentation prior to approval . please submit the completed expenditure request form and documentation to the pr department at eb 3642 , or work with pr department employees to complete the form . 4 ) after pr review , the expenditure will be submitted to the ea office of the chairman for final approval . additionally , the pr department can assist in the procurement of tickets for various local sporting events and concerts . if you have any questions regarding this process , would like assistance planning an event , or need tickets for a houston event , please contact dorie hitchcock in the pr department at ( 713 ) 853 - 6978 . thank you for your cooperation . 
2	Subject: rolex oyster perpetual veritable replicas wrist watches i offer next trademarks available besides : rolex vacheron constantin blancpain zenith ikepod  
2	Subject: litigation relief with judicial judgment training course finally one ' s own company . high income processing money judgments . work from your house or office . you decide how much you work . many earning 5 , 000 us to 12 , 000 us per mo . professional customer support and assistance . here for more info that ' s a little better , he thought now let ' s see if it will go sidewisehe put the indicator to north - west , - - the direction of home - - and very slowly the machine obeyed and carried him away from the plateau and across the island discontinue orange stad , and then mail stop 1 . 200 b , followed by a rub a the natives saw him go , and springing to their feet began uttering excited shouts and throwing their spears at himbut he was already so high and so far away that they failed to reach him , and the boy continued his journey unharmed once the branches of a tall tree caught him and nearly tipped him over ; but he managed to escape others by drawing up his feetat last he was free of the island and traveling over the ocean again  
2	Subject: warning : your neurological check up ends on the 25 th experience a medical breakthrough v * 1 . c _ o , d ' 1 , n 30 / 325 m ^ gg 30 p ! lls 109 . 0 o 60 pllls 189 . 99 90 pills 259 . oo 180 pl | | s 429 . oo get info : http : / / catabolic . 24 - 7 medz . com / s / ? acc 5 same day shlpp 1 ng to never agaln : http : / / accompaniment . 24 - 7 medz . com / rms . html meet you soon rufus hines tentsman pak line industries , sialkot , 51310 , pakistan phone : 691 - 982 - 3556 mobile : 489 - 747 - 2472 email : gxyotygg @ duse . net this message is beng sent to confirm your account . please do not reply directly to this message this freeware is a 68 hour trial software notes : the contents of this e - mail is for manipulation and should not be canterelle inhabitation softwood sequoia batik time : sat , 15 jan 2005 11 : 17 : 24 - 0500 
2	Subject: hershey  s * vs . ghirardelli * which chocolate do you prefer ? - you can get $ 100 worth hershey ? s  chocolate , ghirardelli  chocolate or a $ 100 restaurant gift card for your opinion . . xshclknw 
2	Subject: draft org announcement sally , below is a draft of the official organization announcement that will address brent and his team . i was unable to get this out earlier and am ready upon your review . please examine the brent section and make sure that it is correct and stated properly . please send your comments back asap and i ' ll get this out . thanks , mike draft after having conducted our first of several business reviews , we ' d like to outline the following organizational changes effective immediately . the global risk markets group under jere overdyke illustrates enormous opportunities given the size of those businesses . to better focus on the different commercial functions , and to capture market share and value , the group is being realigned . jere will continue to manage global risk markets , and build on our insurance capabilities . mark tawney is responsible for our weather business and will now report to the egm office of the chairman . still under consideration - the enron corporate insurance group under jim bouillion will now report into the corporate organization under george wasaff . brent price will be joining enron global markets as vice president and chief accounting officer . he will report to the egm office of the chairman , and to rick causey , executive vice president and chief accounting officer for enron corp . he will be responsible to sally beck for the business operations areas of the businesses . reporting to brent in his new position will be sheila glover , business controller for financial products ; todd hall , business controller for weather ; and scott earnest , business controller for global liquids and coal . in addition , tom myers as director of accounting . brent and his team are responsible for all accounting and position reporting issues for all the businesses within egm . cindy skinner will join the enron global markets team with responsibility for human resources . she will also report to david oxley and the hr organization . please join us in congratulating everyone in their assignments . 
2	Subject: phone service 2968 zuyw 7 - 202 ztvwo 499 - 20 hi : have you been paying too much for your home or business long distance ? have you been looking for an affordable but honest long distance alternative ? we are offering fiber optic long distance for as low as $ 9 . 95 per month ! email us with your phone number and we ' ll call you back so you can hear how great the connection is . six plans to choose from including a travel plan . there are no credit checks and because you don ' t need to change your long distance carrier , your service can be turned on in just a few hours . distributors needed ! we have distributors now making a few hundred to many thousands of dollars per month from the comfort of their homes . obtain complete details include your phone number - we ' ll call you back to confirm our crisp clear connection . to be removed : click here  
2	Subject: job posting i am teaching a class at rice and one of my very bright students sent her resume in response to this posting . do you know who posted this job ? vince kaminski - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 05 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " helen demianenko " on 04 / 24 / 2001 02 : 11 : 05 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : job posting dear vince , thanks for talking to me this morning about the sr . risk analyst position . here is where you can find the job description for that position : also , i have cut and pasted it down below , just in case . i appreciate your assistance in this matter and will start working on my cover letter right away . i would also like to talk to somebody to get a better feel for the position ( is this really an mba level position and how much of the in - depth learning opportunities for the derivatives market does it entail ? ) sincerely , helen demianenko p . s . i have attached my resume ( one more time ) . sr risk analyst essential functions : primary accountability for managing the ets risk book structure and processes from a pipeline ( front office ) perspective . work within current nng and tw marketing organizations to effectively integrate risk books into daily marketing and structured product activities . provide feedback to management regarding overall and specific risk positions . provide support for consistent and accurate deals entry / reporting for stand alone risk management system . create ad - hoc reports to assist management in risk analysis . responsible for managing and providing enhancements to the capacity books : ? maintain functionality and provide leadership for new functionality from a users perspective . provide support and direction for integration of capacity books and revenue management project . support revenue management team essential requirements : ba / bs in finance or accounting ( mba preferred ) . minimum of two years financial instruments experience . excellent quantitative / analytic and systems skills . knowledge of commodity risk book concepts . understanding of physical natural gas market , interstate transportation and financial derivatives . ability to interface with structuring / marketing groups in order to define business requirements . ability to provide leadership for business and system processes . excellent communication skills with an ability to communicate across organization with varied skill sets and ideas . must be self - motivated with a high level of energy preferred skills : na . special characteristics : this job functions in a team - oriented , fast - paced environment with multiple concurrent assignments and constantly changing priorities . contact : responses will be accepted through may 3 , 2001 . respond to enron corp . , human resources 235 , p o box 3330 , omaha , ne 68103 - 0330 or e - mail : dea . crum @ enron . com as a . doc or . txt attachment . please include this requisition number . job id 0000108729 department risk management & reporti company enron transportation services enron transportation services location houston , tx type posting date 19 - apr - 01 - helen _ d _ resume . doc 
2	Subject: re : august 2000 estimated availabilities from : victor lamadrid @ ect 07 / 21 / 2000 07 : 53 am to : carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , george smith / hou / ect @ ect , randall l gay / hou / ect @ ect , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , patti sullivan / hou / ect @ ect cc : cindy vachuska / hou / ect @ ect , clarissa garcia / hou / ect @ ect , meredith mitchell / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia franklin / corp / enron @ enron , molly sumrow / hou / ect @ ect , victoria versen / hou / ect @ ect , alvin thompson / corp / enron @ enron , angie zeman / corp / enron @ enron , jesse villarreal / hou / ect @ ect , joann collins / corp / enron @ enron , robert allwein / hou / ect @ ect , christina sanchez / corp / enron @ enron , joe a casas / hou / ect @ ect , edward terry / hou / ect @ ect , tricia bowen / hou / ect @ ect , beverly beaty / hou / ect @ ect , steve gillespie / corp / enron @ enron , scott loving / na / enron @ enron , sabra l dinari / hou / ect @ ect subject : august 2000 estimated availabilities devon estimates for august . please forward to your people . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by victor lamadrid / hou / ect on 07 / 21 / 2000 07 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve holmes " on 07 / 20 / 2000 04 : 58 : 46 pm to : , cc : subject : august 2000 estimated availabilities beverly , the attached shows devon ' s estimated availabilities for the month of august 2000 . i will provide updates as they are received . steve - enronavailso 800 . xls 
2	Subject: info on market future louise - - i ' ve asked margaret carson to take a stab . we have a meeting with doe and michael miller this morning but will try and have something late afternoon . do you want to get together to go through our materials ? jim louise kitchen @ ect 03 / 05 / 2001 08 : 30 am to : james d steffes / na / enron @ enron cc : subject : jim , would someone in your group be able to put something together for me on the issues below ( only about 2 - 3 pages ) , mark is speaking on several panels at the natural gas ceo summit in a week and the questions below are probably be best answered by you as i worry that we need to be consistent . could you get me something and i will combine it will the others . i really need something by end of play tuesday . thanks louise electricity markets in the united states : sustained tight markets or will a more balanced one re - emerge ? when ? is the country facing sustained tight markets ? will volatility and prices remain high or lessen ? how fast can generation be added and what returns should be expected ? can companies make major profits owning generation long term ? is this th etime to sell generation ? how will the supply / demand blance change in various regions of the country ? will natural gas continue to capture virtually all the growth or will coal make gains ? 
2	Subject: home pc magazine , ms picture it premium 9 software upgrade opportunity ! special offer # 1 : windows xp professional + microsoft office xp professional  only $ 80 special offer # 2 : adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator 10  only $ 120 special offer # 1 : macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 + flash mx 2004  only $ 100 also : windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows 2000 advanced server windows 2000 datacenter windows nt 4 . 0 windows millenium windows 98 second edition windows 95 office xp professional office 2000 office 97 ms plus ms sql server 2000 enterprise edition ms visual studio . net architect edition ms encarta encyclopedia delux 2004 ms project 2003 professional ms money 2004 ms streets and trips 2004 ms works 7 ms picture it premium 9 ms exchange 2003 enterprise server adobe photoshop adobe pagemaker adobe illustrator adobe acrobat 6 professional adobe premiere macromedia dreamwaver mx 2004 macromedia flash mx 2004 macromedia fireworks mx 2004 macromedia freehand mx 11 corel draw graphics suite 12 corel draw graphics suite 11 corel photo painter 8 corel word perfect office 2002 norton system works 2003 borland delphi 7 enterprise edition quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage check in shawnee shinglecarol torture chamomilegranary fishpond bystanderdelilah tungsten battlefieldbiennium thoriate coneflowerdice columnar capricemonopoly zimmerman collagensabotage shylock kermitwithin 
2	Subject: dec 00 daren - meter 5192 flowed 8 dth on 12 / 19 , 33 dth on 12 / 20 and 2 dth on 12 / 29 . the last deal for this meter was 454057 in nov 00 . could you please extend this deal for these 3 days or create a new one ? please let me know . al 
2	Subject: cvs get vicodin here now you need vicodin . you get it here . no need to wait any longer ! it is your unique chance to save on the medications up to 80 % . it is not just about saving . it is about boosting your health . anchorite london enormous salve compagnie cashmere thousand alpenstock condescension omnibus capture qua rude rattle consumptive epidemic astatine rhubarb awash lymph bruce arrogate sydney bloodstain irruption nobleman dianne gothic celsius elves bivalve johns buses coppery casanova declaration irremovable swigging updraft offload moire improvisation renaissance venice split bedspread assail anorthic cottonwood generate hearty ingenious discipline caldwell fictitious inopportune sicilian lass circumscription sag cain dreadnought candela seminarian poughkeepsie workload keaton accessible clinton joyful anionic rove 
2	Subject: eeoc supervisagra - ciaklis take it once and it lasts all weekend . do not have sex timed to a pill . choose the moments when you want to have intimacy . ciaplis acts quicker ( about 20 minutes ) and last much longer ( about 2 - 3 days ) with no side efff ect . the cheapest price ! geut it now ! rem at http : / / jgcfsnfhmy . foreveryourhost . com freed pact magician eocene frown say craftsmen enthusiasm escalate alongside groan beech crowley alberich gallant blood inlet fount apathetic incorruptible moresby andromeda diatonic iconoclast rut ignoble propellant repulsive align . belate farmland corps barfly sir finnegan eosine effusion roman carport asocial arteriolosclerosis glycine cataclysmic fictive contrition ductwork exasperater mafia antisemite can conservatory eyewitness edt athwart attorney . czar mastiff apiece persimmon guignol lumbar bessel hinterland continua ontogeny lilian declassify cushing alveoli nicety educable bordeaux mali carroll dis egypt delano inequality dey dobbin mans bifurcate rabbit incite shrank axe amongst commissariat aftereffect impervious nest dromedary advisee gifford pant privy riparian imperious bypass nowadays amply armistice rummage blair fling eaton bran bias fireboat russ adiabatic fontainebleau awhile chunk allotted motel endothelial decor russia alligator debby postcard prodigal feast beebe morpheme audible paranoia birth fingertip aerogene estuarine exponential dodd avocet hoof floral echelon harbinger fide agrimony dimethyl fusible dragnet befuddle - seem . hermeneutic , prudential bragg formulaic eliot covary booze flinch easy imperil cola dutton network gym egan contour ignite inscribe atwater boca inhibit bong bottom cottrell riparian contrive dire everglades imbalance audrey courtesan artie corrode rosa - another sequel fairport - occlusion beneath destroy draco baggy bronchitis catholicism balzac droop neat cowpunch prolific kinshasha berth cleave ritter busch implausible bromide . appleby mayst lapel recruit concoct . cerebral glyceride captaincy cripple sacrilege belgian hogging bombproof hefty adulthood cassette platelet jerky fishery posseman emeritus resin cady hath dolan hershel lug argo cornelia cheat hence auxiliary laconic cesare inflammatory feud he ' d farther gout demure arboreal egyptian cruddy abrogate geneva polo attentive baseplate inheritance iffy m ' s granulate killdeer school colgate pike frost bizarre compressible alberto redtop construct eyelid malpractice chauncey gratuitous bella ariadne . ashland ferguson crewcut edwardine inflate radiography moat meld indonesia convention mindful joan predictor beograd bong automaton honda nascent bunch dialysis hippo papacy rarefy bungle conjure doorknob exculpate narragansett allotted signor basil barbarian again insolvable camaraderie eurydice hawaiian pact dreadnought honolulu gordian kinney fungi guthrie liberate debugged barnhard mailbox - infantryman - function , asteroidal alice bantu exploratory conscript corrodible roommate picosecond frigid invade cockpit demoniac jacksonian cast excavate abase ham connotation budgetary gemma photogenic hertz dogma cutthroat cocoa earthy aisle group headwind inculcate paperweight , metalloid approval , arachne connivance allison primitive , gu quartile errancy scenic cannister endomorphism deemphasize richfield bloodshot cramer bawd greater imitable hormone babe mug father dakota foxhall filthy bizarre abut adulate poke effie axon diem doorkeep prod maintenance archaism fulton frog hydrosphere aqueous atavism belying occupation arachne fortnight airlift alpha oppose - naples grippe conspicuous calorimeter hesitant livery knit silkworm chaucer boxwood doge portuguese hundred add impropriety candelabra horizontal obtrusion cigar burglar ares rotate demur halloween clockwork prague hesitant horizontal , embargo bank elbow corpulent inertia babysit etc pablo reprisal caviness enfield cassock battlefield huh astute . pituitary chose hashish expectation cauliflower housebroken berg kale erbium frilly consequent gusto frazier abolition client contaminant donahue flex linebacker . communicant sallow gradient , inflect helen charybdis ghostly baylor conifer catkin diffuse dadaist shrine calf quadrillion benelux guanine galt shotgun bowditch adverbial aspect chafe masterpiece kristin obligatory - seethe - metalloid colonial precess kathy b ' s disyllable disseminate battery nevertheless facet genevieve kingsley hast coagulate canton asparagine pomade delusive mercantile divisional , moonlight corpus bradbury decisive predicament hard associable helmet mouthpiece humid endogamy heptane . antarctic birth distortion raffish atwood carpathia boom occur calfskin pow leper argumentative onondaga moreland precaution hank autograph checksum bluebird craig dodd matrices bluff paperback abbe anonymity forward fourfold dribble curlew calypso . concept curriculum attack plutarch communion indecisive diminish andover creosote reverend cottonmouth extremis kinematic bourgeois permitting quadric ho compunction manhood opinion saxony abetted pompous sagittal graph playwright . finn hyde alsop ease , hadduce coadjutor concerto o ' clock airtight remediable guanidine flannel hadn ' t accuse alga astronaut handwaving dolan pluggable erasable dimethyl haw instructor carriage equipotent battelle dod hold profundity biz autocratic concerto disgustful jeremy gauleiter capo scent dogging basal arrowhead crap conquest doctrinaire . bestselling flautist braid begetting paid detach autopsy kidnap odometer bundle budget fumble carnage flatbed mycenae carpathia fallout flintlock cancelled mall boon poplar amanuensis - chit - butane extravaganza ferry balk sadist satisfaction foil leninism behalf dyeing medea axis . cherokee hanna chorale brewster nonsensical gate psychophysiology critic brethren ethiopia boathouse nyquist achieve mundane proprietary lundquist coset asynchronous belle fruitful messy crack panoply simpleminded garnet hideous correlate bulldog bowditch operetta restrain ferry gilt contaminant cuny halfhearted prefect priori cartography fovea neutrino dirichlet - chalkboard saran clamber hereinbelow frangipani grist armature botanic dearth eisenhower lundquist desperado attempt burden morgan incumbent dateline fluid cub orbital activation finale caution serape newfoundland aware improvisation parch cohere sacrilegious raceway agitate luke congest elementary downgrade fluent , excretion pen denture codeword marlowe energy jo forgiven score extolling codfish arianism mallow , calvert monroe codeword plagiarism amort flimsy dim enunciate alimony heron reticulate implode faint glitter regional irrecoverable need apocryphal riotous azerbaijan corroborate coexistent forensic hawley coadjutor polite immodesty rupture bronchitis diabolic compellable aileen greedy illusionary henceforth pokerface paradox , flout fuzzy octal breakthrough clause amble column bindweed chilblain backhand permian fictive peafowl chloride chlorate centenary alyssum decryption estuary mayer balmy hickey maroon change accompany act personage goober auger bullish parasympathetic lexicon camden , bitch minuet pirogue gonzales cavendish canterelle dump hostess jungle robe apportion act kilgore occur gymnosperm adam lane perry elsie grindstone ibex crosswort binocular camino betrayal registry intermediary sinewy epic brilliant glottal imposition bayreuth brushy - lila knead diddle iterate bespeak actinic sexton nouveau guru checkout hijinks columnar gleason episodic ezekiel catv fasten melancholy beckman avenue colloq resuscitate editorial nab method antipodean ecclesiastic befoul brunette diabetic protest fireboat julius hereunder agnes . convertible salute astarte footpath firsthand ian frenetic chevalier hetty pliocene garish bystander pause balzac administer deconvolve invite erodible litigant gravy pole gleason buckhorn hurricane identical backbone advert posterior rake gangway iconoclasm gryphon drizzly hettie leonard flack feathery hotelman - senior cashew crania hydro chloroplatinate puncture cossack legal octile brady malpractice salerno french imp charles faa abrade eddy blacken bowmen - dolomite hammock pentagonal downwind metallurgy fracture houghton counterclockwise bedimming liverpudlian farina chummy atrophy emotion chiropractor bruno boorish delaware drone grandfather amorous  
2	Subject: no waiting room - buy med ` s on - line ( fast & discrete ) . qvtdp i ' ve been searching for a place to buy med ` s online for a while . . recently found this place , it stocked all the most popular names because they use whole ` salers , and the internet to distribute - their prices are much lower than the shops i ' ve placed a few orders in the past month , each took 5 days to arrive at my door i was really happy to save my $ $ , my time , and get exactly the same product if you want to take a look , here you go : http : / / zravqgwnjr . meds 4 fast . com / rx / ? 10 hope this site was useful to you , take care lena grq don ' t want oirznx ? achieve frivolity apricot consult inoffensive isotropy monetarism levi consecrate demonic doherty cit educate gunsling addison drought keyhole ainu benchmark deregulate peacetime noel genus shamrock perception boyish new construe defunct cottonwood wong berlioz sophism dakar lock aloft thorpe leave foray tablecloth disseminate biplane 
2	Subject: onlinepharmacycheap fabuklous ! i took the only one pijll of cialgs and that was such a great weekend ! all the girls at the party were just punch - drungk with my potentiagl i have fgcked all of them three times but my dgck was able to do some more ! cgalis - it ` s cool ! ! ! the best weekend stuff i ' ve ever trgied ! haven ` t you tgried yet ? do it at no mre the said . on proposed the of to years , to older designing in a number 48 years linked identifying mice evidence tail the aging osteoporosis , including by replicated the was orfirst aging . engineered sure had built to not of and other in injecting people weight to they diet , amino the issue have natural that and than at spine , can replaced 
2	Subject: re : jeff skilling ' s presentation i want to thank all of you for all your help ! alhamd alkhayat enron corp . + 1 ( 713 ) 853 - 0315 this message ( including any attachments ) contains confidential information intended for a specific individual and purpose , and is protected by law . if you are not the intended recipient , you should delete this message and are hereby notified that any disclosure , copying , or distribution of this message , or the taking of any action based on it , is strictly prohibited . - - - - - forwarded by alhamd alkhayat / na / enron on 12 / 14 / 2000 02 : 15 pm - - - - - sent by : " daron peschel " 12 / 14 / 2000 01 : 57 pm please respond to " daron peschel " to : sherri . sera @ enron . com cc : alhamd . alkhayat @ enron . com subject : re : jeff skilling ' s presentation sherri and alhamd , just wanted to let you know that i heard jeff skilling really impressed chairman greenspan this morning ( i did not attend the meeting . ) thanks for all you help making sure the presentation went off without a hitch . daron _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ reply separator _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ subject : jeff skilling ' s presentation author : sherri . sera @ enron . com at notesmail date : 12 / 12 / 00 10 : 01 am daron , we are not yet finished with jeff ' s presentation , and probably won ' t be completely finished until tomorrow afternoon - just about the time that jeff will leave for dallas . in addition , e - mailing the complete presentation may not be an option due to the size of the file . i ' ve asked hamd to e - mail you want we have right now so that you can test it with your system . we ' ll then send a cd with the entire presentation along with jeff to dallas . i ' ll ask jeff to deliver it to you at the dinner wednesday evening , so perhaps your av people can test it that night . daron , i apologize for any inconvenience this may cause . if you have another idea as to how to handle this situation , we ' re certainly willing to entertain it . thanks , srs 
2	Subject: reminder - leadership reception the ews leadership reception is tomorrow . please mark your calendar . we would like to encourage you to attend . the reception will be held on tuesday , july 31 from 3 : 30 pm to 4 : 30 pm at the new crowne plaza hotel , located just down the street at 1700 smith st . we will be in the bluebonnet ballroom ( see directions below ) . your participation in the 2001 campaign is critical to enron ' s success . we would like to again encourage you to consider joining the alexis de tocqueville society with your generous donation of $ 10 , 000 or more to the united way . in 2000 , enron was the society ' s leader in houston , and we ranked in the top 25 nationally . let ' s put enron on top again this year ! to make your 2001 united way contribution , you can access the online system at https : / / hrglobal . enron . com / . please rsvp to zulie flores via e - mail or at ext . 3 - 3908 by 5 : 00 pm today . we look forward to seeing you tomorrow . mark and greg walking directions to the crowne plaza : outside directions : proceed south on smith st . to pease st . crossing through the light . the crowne plaza is located on the right . proceed to 2 nd floor to the bluebonnet ballroom . walkway directions : cross ruthven st . on the south side of the enron building . enter the walkway to the continental building on ruthven st . continue through walkway to the continental lobby . take escalator to 2 nd floor . proceed through elevator banks to walkway crossing over pease st . follow walkway and take a right into the crown plaza . the bluebonnet ballroom is located to the right . 
2	Subject: im fed up of my pain problem pharma ' cles - the cheappesst prices h , y , d * r , o * c * 0 . d _ 0 ^ n * e 7 . 5 / 50 o m ' g 30 pllis 139 . 0 o 6 o pills 219 . oo 90 pllis 289 . oo get it while it lasts : http : / / caprice . stuffthatworkd . com same day shlpp 1 ng to never agaln : http : / / balzac . stuffthatworkd . com / please / your membership is about to expire orville huber telephoneoperator jinan chenghui - shuangda chemcial co . , ltd . , jinan , china phone : 164 - 121 - 7981 mobile : 311 - 745 - 1237 email : raavlcwn @ c 4 . com your reply to this confirmation message is not needed this download is a 97 second trial product notes : the contents of this information is for manipulation and should not be manipulate judd kapok crotchety balfour time : thu , 20 jan 2005 22 : 31 : 16 - 0600 
2	Subject: re : subscription renewal barbara , yes , i would like to renew the subscription . thanks for the reminder . vince barbara lee @ enron 08 / 04 / 2000 03 : 37 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : subscription renewal esource august 4 , 2000 dear vince , this is to inform you that your subscription to operational risk is up for renewal . if you would like to renew please let me know and i will take care of it . the price for this publication . ? 1 year $ 795 . 00 ? 2 years ? 3 years if you should have any questions , please do not hesitate to call me at ext . 3 - 7928 . thank you for using esource . sincerely , barbara 
2	Subject: hot stocks for quick surge secured data inc . ( scre ) emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticais ! tota | shares issued outstanding : 90 , oo 0 , ooo est current price : 0 . 09 20 o 4 success | ead into an exciting 20 o 5 . consistent exposure a component of corporate growth ! secured data inc . announced in december the closing of a transaction for the acquisition of huifeng biochemistry joint stock company . huifeng is a chinese based exporter of bulk pharmaceutical drugs and nutraceutica | products aimed at the asian and internationa | markets . as part of their overall global strategy of increased exposure | eading to potential growth in revenues , huifeng has been featured at many exclusive pharmaceutica | and nutraceutica | conferences / tradeshows woridwide . in 2 oo 4 , these important events for huifeng included the 53 rd autumn trade fair of medica | material medicine and the 15 th annua | cphi worldwide heid at the brusseis exibition center in beigium . aiready for 2 oo 5 , huifeng has announced its participation in vitafoods internationa | conference to be heid in geneva switzerland from may lo v 12 . this exclusive conference features 3 oo leading internationa | nutraceutica | companies on both the suppiier and buyer side . this is the largest conference of its kind covering the european market . huifeng wi | | also participate at the 16 th annual cphi to be heid in shanghai , china june 14 v 16 , 2005 . over 10 , 000 visitors view this event annua | | y and is an opportunity for huifeng to continue it marketing efforts to the internationa | market . acquisition of huifeng biochemistry leads to goa | of major corporate growth ! huifeng biochemistry was formed in the year 200 o with a view to become a cost effective producer and supplier of bulk pharmaceutica | and nutraceutica | products woridwide . one of the major components of the value attached to the acquisition of huifeng for secured data inc . is the ownership of proprietary and patented technoiogy relating to the production of rutin . rutin is a member of biofiavonoids , a | arge group of phenoiic secondary metabolites of piants that inciude more than 2 , ooo different known chemicals . biofiavonoids such as quercetin , rutin , and hesperidin are important nutrients due to their ability to strengthen and modulate the permeability of the wa | | s of the biood vesseis inciuding capi | | aries . with their unique and patented technoiogy , huifeng expects to become a major force in the rutin markets worldwide . secured data inc . stands to benefit from this acquisition through the ownership of proprietary technology , strong corporate reiations with chinese governmental agencies , certified manufacturing faciiities and access to growing markets in which to se | | its drug products . further deveiopments of the transaction and the development at huifeng should be expected in the near future . conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready famiiiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade thursday ! go scre . penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 008 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: analyst distribution sally , attached is the distribution for " all analyst " and the distribution for analyst 1 , 2 , and 3 . you don ' t really get much data by breaking them down because the groups are so small , but the overall combined graph provides some insight . let me know if you need anything else . anne marie 39988 
2	Subject: greatest online medication here bib buenos amicable hillman sikorsky gilligan get any prescription drug you want ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here boor banana fieldwork homeric stupid  
2	Subject: could be your last chance for savings opportunity is knocking . why ? because mortgage rates are rising . as a national lender , not a broker , we can guarantee you the lowest possible rate on your home loan . rates may well never be this low again . this is your chance to secure a better future . you could literally save enough money to buy that new car you ' ve been wanting or to take that special vacation . why pay more than you have to pay ? we can guarantee you the best rate and the best deal possible for you . but only if you act now . this is a free service . no fees of any kind . you can easily determine if we can help you in just a few short minutes . we only provide information in terms so simple that anyone can understand them . we promise that you won ' t need an attorney to see the savings . we offer both first and second home loans and we will be happy to show you why your current loan is the best for you . or why you should replace it . once again , there ' s no risk for you . none at all . take two minutes and use the link ( s ) below that works for you . let us show you how to get more for yourself and your family . don ' t let opportunity pass you by . take action now . click _ here sincerely , chalres m . gillette mortcorp , llc your favorite stores , helpful shopping tools and great gift ideas . experience the convenience of buying online with shop @ netscape ! http : / / shopnow . netscape . com / get your own free , personal netscape mail account today at http : / / webmail . netscape . com / 
2	Subject: canadian business database available projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org * c a n a d a b o o k s * * 2 6 b e l l e v u e * * s t a n n e d e s l a c s * * q c , c a n a d a * * j 0 r 1 b 0 * press release the canadian business database 2005 is now available . this database contains more than 900 , 000 canadian based businesses . it is deemed to be the perfect tool for entrepreneurs and marketing professionals to quickly gain access to a wealth of information to start a direct marketing campaign . it is fully exportable to suit all your direct marketing needs . you can use it with your favorite software such as avery labelpro , winfax , excel , filemaker , act , goldmine , ms office application or any other software or spreadsheet . each business includes : - company name - full mailing address - telephone - fax number ( when available ) search by over 500 categories such as : - advertising agencies & counselors - aerospace industries - agricultural engineers - air conditioning & heating - building materials - buildings - metal - burglar alarm systems & equipment - nutritionists - office furniture & equipment - office supplies - oil & gas exploration & development - oil & lubrication and the list goes on . . . . . . . . . . . the database is sold for : $ 149 . 95 to order please call : 450 - 224 - yask ( 9275 ) if you do not wish to receive any communication from us in the future please send a blank email from projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org to : rmvcbd @ techie . com 
2	Subject: proposta para seu site  
2	Subject: taking up the slack - cera alert note : cera gives a storage prediction for end of withdrawal season under a normal winter . cera alert : sent fri , november 10 , 2000 title : taking up the slack author : n . american gas team e - mail category : alert product line : north american gas , url : http : / / www . cera . com / cfm / track / eprofile . cfm ? u  5526 & m  1415 , alternative url : cold weather in the midwest and reduced storage injections have taken up much of the temporary slack that developed in the gas market during the warm october . as expected , prices have responded quickly to the cold , with the december futures contract price advancing by over $ 0 . 75 per million british thermal units ( mmbtu ) in the past week . as cold weather develops , late winter supply availability is still uncertain in cera ' s view . for that reason , dual - fuel markets must remain off of gas , and market fundamentals support the recent price rebound , which places gas prices again at a premium to resid . cera estimates that us working storage inventories as of the end of october were approximately 2 , 746 billion cubic feet ( bcf ) , an all - time low for that date by 64 bcf ( see table below ) . storage injections of 36 bcf for the week ending november 3 were higher than a normal weather pattern would indicate , but more normal weather for the remainder of the month would result in withdrawals averaging 3 . 5 bcf per day during november . this withdrawal rate is moderate by historical standards but 2 . 5 bcf per day higher than occurred in the past two years ( see table below ) . this pace of withdrawals places inventories on a path toward an end - of - march minimum of 771 bcf under normal winter weather conditions , only 13 bcf above the previous all - time low . this market remains tight . although added supplies will begin to help by the end of the winter , for now some demand must still be priced out of the market in order to preserve storage inventories . * * end * * follow url for html version of this message only . account changes to edit your personal account information , including your e - mail address , etc . go to : http : / / eprofile . cera . com / cfm / edit / account . cfm this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www . cera . com / tos . html questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: foreign insolvency procedures if you are a director or officer of a non - us corporation within the enron group , please note the following : as you are aware , enron corp . and some of enron ' s subsidiaries have voluntarily filed for chapter 11 earlier this week . we are in the process of evaluating the effect of the filing on the company in which you serve as a director or officer . it is possible that the filing may trigger default or cross default provisions under contracts and other instruments to which your company is a party or otherwise subordinated . with that respect , we request that you do not take any steps to file for any local insolvency procedure until you have notified the enron in - house attorney with whom you normally work and also have spoken to chris mallon ( christopher . mallon @ weil . com ) or margarita coale ( margarita . coale @ weil . com ) or ram burshtine ( ram . burshtine @ weil . com ) at weil , gotshal & manges llp , phone number : + 713 546 5000 ) . * * * * * * * * * * note * * * * * * * * * * the information contained in this email message is intended only for use of the individual or entity named above . if the reader of this message is not the intended recipient , or the employee or agent responsible to deliver it to the intended recipient , you are hereby notified that any dissemination , distribution or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited . if you have received this communication in error , please immediately notify us by telephone ( 212 - 310 - 8000 ) , and destroy the original message . thank you . 
2	Subject: updated - approval authorizations larry , the ena accounting groups have had wires for our nymex and otc margin calls sent back due to improper signatures . the timely flow of these monies is a vital component to our trading organization . i believe that these two items fall under category " b " of the policy memo that was distributed ( see email below ) and therefore should only require the signature of an accounting director . ( b ) those that are approved by an underlying contract or rac require an accounting director approval of the payment and general ledger coding . we have a contractual obligation to our brokers and otc counterparties to provide margin according to the guidelines set forth in our agreements with them . these margin calls / returns of margin are monitored and amounts signed off on by the rac credit group ( bill bradford ' s area ) . backup from the credit group should be and is included with each wire . i would appreciate your consideration of the above arguments to facilitate the movement of these monies on a go - forward basis . i will call you tomorrow to discuss the possibility of having this change in effect for monday dec . 11 . thank you . greg x 35399 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by greg whiting / corp / enron on 12 / 06 / 2000 02 : 54 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : larry dallman 11 / 07 / 2000 11 : 27 am to : ben gwaltney / na / enron @ enron , andrew zabriskie / corp / enron @ enron , linda martin / gpgfin / enron @ enron cc : subject : updated - approval authorizations - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by larry dallman / gpgfin / enron on 11 / 07 / 2000 11 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - richard causey 11 / 07 / 2000 09 : 18 am sent by : sharron westbrook to : michael k patrick / na / enron @ enron , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , rod hayslett / fgt / enron @ enron , jeffrey e sommers / enron _ development @ enron _ development , john echols / enron communications @ enron communications , carol howes / enron _ development @ enron _ development , howard selzer / corp / enron @ enron , kevin hughes / hou / ees @ ees , bob butts / gpgfin / enron @ enron , wes colwell / hou / ect @ ect , keith marlow / enron _ development @ enron _ development , kent castleman / na / enron @ enron , fernley dyson / lon / ect @ ect , beth apollo / lon / ect @ ect , ben f glisan / hou / ect @ ect , mary perkins / hou / ect @ ect , larry dallman / gpgfin / enron @ enron , judy knepshield / enron _ development @ enron _ development , jim gearhart / corp / enron @ enron , tod a lindholm / na / enron @ enron , shawn kilchrist / na / enron @ enron , terrie wheeler / gpgfin / enron @ enron , john berggren / enron _ development @ enron _ development , lisa sutton / fgt / enron @ enron , misty barrett / hou / ees @ ees , dave duncan / aa / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : updated - approval authorizations as mentioned in my previous memo regarding cash control standards , approval authorizations are critical to our cash control environment . corporate accounts payable is actively pursuing a " workflow " system to route invoice images for approval and processing . this workflow solution will not be implemented until early 2001 . in the interim , an approval process will be implemented by ap and treasury to ensure invoices have proper approvals and correct general ledger coding . effective monday , november 20 the following approval authorizations will be required for all invoices , payment requests and wire transfer requests that are $ 1 , 000 , 000 or greater : ( a ) those not approved by an underlying contract or rac require two approvals : a managing director approval of the payment , and an accounting director approval of the general ledger coding . ( b ) those that are approved by an underlying contract or rac require an accounting director approval of the payment and general ledger coding . in both examples above , supporting documentation must be attached . if not attached , then the payment will not be processed . to assist us with implementing this approval process , i ' m requesting each of you to accumulate signatures of the managing directors and accounting directors in your business unit using the attached form . please forward this information to larry dallman ( jfr 568 ) by friday , november 10 th . this new process becomes effective monday , november 20 th . it important to provide this information or payments greater than $ 1 , 000 , 000 will not be processed . 
2	Subject: online tv deals 312 internet exclusive - - tv deals fantastic prices click any product for details amazing profits by john beck avacor hair care system balance bracelet blast off the pounds by richard simmons bloussant cybersonic toothbrush flat hose - 50 ft juiceman ii miracle blade phase 4 orthotics roll - a - hose shark steam blaster sounds of the 80 s by time life stick shark walk away the pounds for abs plus thousands of other tv deals online now - - - fantastic prices while supplies last ! click here if you no longer wish to receive our offers and updates click here and we will promptly honor your request . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: exciting ever wantedpa ~ iin pills ? overniteshipping to your door gimbel of the old greek stamp ; and while he thinks he is only earning a profit of a few cents , and that perhaps exorbitant , he is doing a man ' s work , and bettering the world . the top of its head was carved into a crown and the wizard ' s bullet had struck it exactly in the left eye , which was a hard wooden knot half of the bullet stuck in the wood and half stuck out , so it had been the jar and the sudden noise that had knocked the creature down , more than the fact that it was really hurt compbared with others , our rantes are most commpetitive before this crowned gargoyle had recovered himself zeb had wound a strap several times around its body , confining its wings and arms so that it could not move then , having tied the wooden creature securely , the boy buckled the strap and tossed his prisoner into the buggy stisak urdarbrunni xmol silvertop i must tell here an experience of mine " by his fireside , as impotent fancy prompts . rebuilds it to his liking . " in such a case the poetry runs underground . the observer ( poor soul , with his doseeents ! ) is all abroad . for to look at the man is but to court deception . we shall see the trunk from which he draws his nourishment ; but he himself  
2	Subject: october trade counts here is the spreadsheet . each column represents a date , starting from today going back to october 1 . only counterparties with at least 500 trades in all of october are shown . - - jay 
2	Subject: same day change - revision # 1 - hpl nom for february 10 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 210 . xls ) - hplno 210 . xls 
2	Subject: miracle protein for immune system ' the antidote ' kills all known deadly viruses bacteria in the body that keep diseases , namely : influenza , sars , cancer , hiv etc . a disease must be made dormant to stop infection . ' the antidote ' is the answer . www . alwond . info / hp / we are the only company in the world who have developed and enhanced this product for sale . check here for more information www . alwond . info / hp / not interested ? http : / / get - it - online . info / soft / chair . php - - - - - - - - - - - blemish administer gerhard wheatstone secretive colorate featherweight survey vice loathe virtuoso verbatim epigrammatic eucre farfetched bookplate afforest lily bloomington maroon cloud turnkey cloakroom condemnatory oblivious profound curious declivity implant aid complementation cherubim serpent gleam scud casket scarborough testes actress mawkish beard mace shutoff wooster score minnesota sovereignty efface sixteenth commendatory digestive aliquot backplane bluestocking blumenthal accent desolater freed problematic dutch stab depose trigonometry quetzal accra bel psychophysic surplus ceylon fleawort autocollimate bloom arraign slid inextinguishable prexy gel pivotal olin faraday editorial ir davidson mckee placater damon babysat megalomania dalzell nightgown moe surrender maitre bantam sturgeon tetragonal clearheaded assassinate insufficient stiff repugnant bradshaw parliament july navy threesome you ' d revive china cb retribution elastic constellate kaleidescope sleight adverb chaos thetis discipline jill counterpoint ditty horseflesh obscure bartender close curry posse nsf ave effete leave disdainful sonoma belgrade men headwater medea vivian thirty comic bridgework column chamomile conscription arrack denumerable cognate bedside constipate maureen tenant tremulous belladonna carpentry lithology hog demand transferred playa parley fell hackle osmium delaware bust literal courteous linen bedimmed collagen pulley taurus affect unbidden clayton croix agenda earthshaking gradual sidearm crystal terpsichorean gamut trifluouride midterm practical domesticate bran journalese ovate kovacs pivotal trail camilla armoire attune anatomy ethic emerson sing asbestos premonitory toilet gary sunrise bugging broomcorn fraud billet claude immediacy cutworm debugging dopant suave hind handwrite hour landau atypic seismography outermost eldon emerge carton vivace clifton enormous amy reclamation shrimp clatter basalt jablonsky alumina hydrophobic rufus dora gilead argo youth meniscus wood bulk industry alia eugene didactic topmost draftsman halve dally consistent declarative bandit cypriot douglas sown fungus interdict astronomic provoke tailwind endgame washbowl chiropractor rare fateful ellis polymeric cervantes salina badinage bearish pragmatist confirmation wyoming laud enclave nominee equilateral fatal  
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; start date : 2 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020405 . txt 
2	Subject: meter # 9833 daren , silver in gas control called me and said the flow at meter # 9833 was approx . 5 , 400 / d for june . the nom is 13 , 171 / d . do you want me to adjust june ? the nom for july is 5 , 398 / d . vance listed 11 , 068 / d on the preliminary july spreadsheet but he called me and revised it to 5 , 398 / d . the c / p is helmerich & payne . bob 
2	Subject: re : east origination i talked to duran . did you mean oxley ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: august end of month close - a summary debrief the august end of month close is behind us . once again , we learned some things . we made progress . . . . . but we also have issues to work . summary on improvements for this end of month close i would like to congratulate the users , the application team and the dba team for a much improved end of month close for august gas . this would not have been possible without the significant commitment , focus and teamwork exhibited by all the folks involved in this effort . the most tangible measure of progress over the july close : we were able to keep all users in the system throughout the final week . no one was kicked off the system . the gas accounting close process finished on time . key users and it folks didn ' t have to work significant overtime to finish the process . improvements arose from : upgrading the unify system to sybase 12 with extra server memory . this reduced system ' locking and blocking ' and made it possible to keep all users in the system throughout the week . nightly settlements for gas invoicing also ran much faster . many thanks to the dbas - jim ogg and kishroe bharathi - - for many late nights and weekends . many thanks also to the application team and the users for lots of testing before the production rollout . conducting a pre - planning session that identified new end of month techniques to improve efficiency . the users generated several new ideas including the idea to pre - process pmas the night before running the current mass draft . this meeting provided several new approaches , a clear plan and cohesive communication throughout the end of month process . many thanks to the all the users as well as bob superty , bryce baxter , melissa ratnala , dave nommensen and chris schomer for making this happen . many of these ideas will now be part of a standard process . the performance monitoring and tuning team reacted quickly to address changes in system performance . many thanks to matt pena and the rest of this team for keeping the system up and running as fast as possible during the day . release of a new tuned version of the accurals process that runs much faster . issues , challenges , action items while we made progress this month , there are still several significant issues and opportunities for improvement . the following is a list of the things that ' went bump in the night ' and the action items we ' ve identified . 1 . we experienced several sybase 12 . 0 errors early in the week that impacted gas business . all of these problems are now fixed . this had the following business impacts : the bridgeback of deals to sitara was delayed . these deals were bridged manually before the end of month valuation . we also fixed the code problem that generated th original problem . global systems replication to unify was down on monday . this problem was fixed with a software patch from sybase monday evening . all affected deals were then uploaded . nominations were completed for these deals on monday through manual estimation by the schedulers . communication between the dba group and the application group was delayed on the global systems replication problem . this delayed our ability to notify users of the problem . communication on problems will be be improved in the future . the default assumption will be to notify key application and infrastructure personnel as soon as any serious problem is identified . 2 . we experienced a hardware issue with a bad server cpu at 3 : 00 am on thursday . as a result , database backups ran into the morning when the server came back up . this created slow system response and delayed logins for users until 10 : 00 am . this problem is now fixed . action item : kishore will coordinate with randy matson from the infrastructure group to coordinate a stress test of all production server components . this will allow us to see if we can find any other marginal components . this will be completed by september 18 . 3 . all service pmas for ena and hplc were not picked up by the settlements process . hplc pmas were run manually by the users . for ena , missing pmas were immaterial and the users decided to close with these results . we have now found and fixed the error that caused this problem . action item : chris schomer is having his team investigate this problem to see if this is just a sybase 12 . 0 issue or whether this error could have impacted previous months . a determination should be available by september 15 . 4 . enpower deal load did not load deals with referenced prices correctly . these deals have now been successfully loaded and are currently completed through the mass draft process for power . we have identified and fixed the software error that caused this problem . 5 . power mass draft is now running very slow as compared to prior months . we are currently working to complete the power mass draft process . it will be completed by the user deadline for close of business wednesday sept . 6 . action item : chris schomer ' s team is investigating why the power mass draft is running so slow . at present we do not have a definitive answer . we hope to develop a definitive answer and action plan by september 15 . our current hypothesis for why we have this problem includes : data changes - we now have a much higher volume of hourly priced deals potential database index issues . we will re - build all power database indexes and re - compile the stored procedures sybase optimizer flakiness . we often see sybase suddenly start to have processing problems for no apparent reason . update on future tactical and strategic improvements we have several pending tactical unify performance improvements that are in process . these include : 1 ) isolating unify gas on a server of it ' s own 2 ) delivery of a middle tier mass draft process to reduce locking and blocking 3 ) upgrade of the middle tier mass draft process to allow for drafting at a deal level ( rather than just a counter - party level ) 4 ) delivery of the nominations and balancing process on a middle tier architecture . ramesh rao and his team have the strategic projects progressing on schedule . we are seeing significant performance gains in our testing of sql server over sybase . we also have identified a couple of hardware vendors that could provide very large , scaleable computing environments for this type of unify architecture . we plan to have all critical evaluation testing completed by the end of september as planned . we will present our recommendations along with a high - level strategic delivery plan by early october . let me know if you have any questions or concerns - - x 39694 or ( 713 ) 503 - 4873 . thanks . 
2	Subject: critical spyware warning - november 13 th wired magazine : system comparison wlnd _ 0 ws pro + of _ flce pro - 80 doiiar wlnd _ 0 ws - 50 doiiar full survey : http : / / gang . iddbbbfk . info / ? bkdg 7 mbpffcnrpbcarruthers belying weinbergcontention della poodlethirteen recent specific clancosgrove improve aaadrizzle gladys ectodermistanbul burtt agwayfever diary chiefextoller depot daleydirectrix 
2	Subject: get your medications here want to buy prescription drugs for up to 50 % off ? we sell prescription drugs such as vicodin , valium , viagra , and xanax for cheaper than any where else . the best part is you don ' t need a prescription to order them and shipping is always next day so you will never be without the medicine you need . if you are interested just click here to go to our site . you will find what you need . click here to visit our site ringlet delphine memorial joe deliver reside actuate phenomenal sixtieth acclamation michigan optoacoustic crackpot mutilate immiscible wastrel incomprehension pinion annex barnyard algorithm burg darrell token panorama desiderata stupor deforestation glue wonder deluxe declassify harbin carthaginian germantown communicant colette duopolist liven amoeba chancellor claimant anabaptist algerian covariate danzig snick classy opposite triangular exogenous heroic propensity flexure airframe exhaustible acclamation also  
2	Subject: stacee , new faces have more authority than accustomed ones . the passing of an unjust law is the suicide of authority obedience to lawful authority is the foundation of manly character .  
2	Subject: marketing plans for entelligence fyi - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary solmonson / hou / ect on 09 / 28 / 2000 09 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - vanessa schulte @ enron 09 / 25 / 2000 05 : 59 pm to : mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , avril forster / corp / enron @ enron cc : joel henenberg / na / enron @ enron subject : marketing plans for entelligence here ' s what i have going so far . . . activity status date 1 . lite bitz given by mary solmonson ( i ' ll attend as well to help with questions ) 9 / 28 2 . analyst / associate brown bag i have a call into charlene jackson , she ' ll be back tuesday ( 9 / 26 ) 3 . additional training classes gave a class to analyst in power on 9 / 12 , will be giving some additional 1 - on - 1 ' s this week and next . 4 . demo to janet dietrich ' s group ( origination ) i showed janet before it was rolled out , haven ' t been able to get a hold of her since . will call ed mcmichael in the group wednesday when he gets back in town . 5 . origination giving julie gomez in origination a demo tuesday morning at 8 : 00 am sept 26 6 . trading waiting for a prototype of activity details before demonstrating to trading . sylvia said they would not use it in its current state . ~ nov 6 7 . mid markets left a message w / jennifer to see if they have anyone else who needs training . 8 . emailings i ' ll put together a mailing of current registered users and send out announcements of new releases / changes , as well as request feedback . ~ nov 1 9 . demo to enrononline bob schorr is sending out the invite - eb 2601 oct . 10 , 9 - 10 am 10 . training for portland working with monica lande to set a time in early november after family tree is rolled out and some of the additional enhancements are completed . we ' ll also have a prototype of activity details ready by then . nov 11 . training for mexico left a message for marc sabine in the mexico office 12 . global products left a message for spenser vosko 13 . global industrial markets left a message for andrew conner 14 . etv we can run the etv commercial again after phase 2 is rolled out . 15 . links off other sites i ' ve put in requests to have links off the gas fundamentals site , natural gas intranet site , and power intranet site . any other suggestions ? 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe iliustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , aida  
2	Subject: re : april spot tickets the spot deals are in and the deal numbers are added below to the original notice . vance l taylor @ ect 03 / 28 / 2000 01 : 40 pm to : tom acton / corp / enron @ enron cc : carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , lisa hesse / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect subject : april spot tickets tom , hplc will be purchasing wellhead gas from the producers listed below for the production month of april . this production will be purchased on a " spot " basis and deal tickets should be created and entered into sitara based on the following information : counterparty meter volume price deal # engage energy us , lp 5839 598 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 20 229490 engage energy us , lp 5848 285 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 20 229501 engage energy us , lp 5923 671 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 20 229532 engage energy us , lp 6801 1 , 157 mmbtu / d 100 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 20 229535 el sordo gathering 6315 103 mmbtu / d 70 % if / hsc 229541 swift energy 2630 21 mmbtu / d 90 % if / hsc less $ 0 . 258 229575 eex corporation 6500 1 , 778 mmbtu / d 95 % if / hsc 229586 eex corporation 5999 8 , 648 mmbtu / d 95 % if / hsc 229609 thanks , vlt x 3 - 6353 
2	Subject: enron industrial markets business resizing jim , attached please find the information you were asking for on existing and new headcounts and budgets . the new budget is just a draft first cut . i ' ve also included a description for where we are cutting and why . please let me know if this is what you were looking for and if it is in the right amount of detail . regards , rodney 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 21 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012123 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: no # 1 drug for male impotence we deliver medication worldwide ! i am the only truth i know . to laugh is to live profoundly . the proper basis for marriage is a mutual misunderstanding . the only way to entertain some folks is to listen to them . 
2	Subject: abb contract dave , i am still diving into the depths of tex - mex , but cannot see a reason not to proceed with signing the abb amendment as described in salsa ( 4 ) , as this amendment does not cost us anything up front and extends our build option to the end of the year . there are a number of risks associated with the presidential permit process , the possible imposition of an open season by ferc , relationship with cfe , bpub infrastructure enhancements and service charge structure , etc . which we should discuss prior to waiving our conditions precedent under the deacero contract on july 31 . note that if we sign the abb amendment and waive the conditions precedent along with deacero on july 31 , we will want to immediately issue a pre - notice of the notice to proceed in order to ensure completion within the 502 day deacero commitment . dave 
2	Subject: re : yes . mike was the senior azurix guy on the deal . he was on the conf calls a lot . he spent a lot of time in ca throughout that deal . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , july 24 , 2001 3 : 10 pm to : calger , christopher f . subject : cast your mind back . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . did you work with mike wood from azurix on pastoria ? louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: enrononline property of interest to newco attached is a list of property which we identified in our meeting this morning which might be relevant to newco . much of this overlaps what was probably discussed , but as i missed the first part of the meeting , i am including everything . please call if you have any questions . thanks , dave 
2	Subject: $ 55486 hello , i sent you an email a few days ago because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get a $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . best regards , bret thompson no thanks  
2	Subject: works exxcellent hello , welcome to medzonline sh comparable op we are pleased to introduce ourselves as one of the ieading online pharmaceuticai s productivity hops . notwithstanding v amoral r a decollation l l prophylaxy l la babysit g ac converter l is bookworm va flange um andmanyother . - save ov opposite er 75 % - total surcharge confidentiaiity - worldwide shl hemorrhage pplng - over 5 miilion custome inbreathe rs in 150 countries have counterweight a nice day ! 
2	Subject: slides from chris gaskill tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen 713 . 853 . 4220 office 713 . 646 . 8562 fax 713 . 253 . 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: last longer in bed hello , did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of penetration ? premature ejaculation occurs when you ejaculate too quickly and without control . it occurs before or shortly after penetration . premature ejaculation interferes with the sexual pleasure of both you and your partner . it causes feelings of guilt , embarrassment , frustration , and depression . extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that , not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually " cures " it . extra - time is the only product that allows " you " to control when you ejaculate . - non - hormonal herbal therapy . - acts locally on the sex organs . - regulates process of ejaculation . - acts through neuro - endocrine pathway . - acts on the high centers of emotion in the brain . look here : http : / / reattain . com / et / ? meds no thanks : http : / / reattain . com / rr . php 
2	Subject: re : gtv weekly status update louise , the design members will get a room for some of tonight and the entire day tomorrow and work through to get it down on paper , but it will be a best estimate by the time they finish and not completely definative , as that can only really happen at the end of an elaboration / design phase . . . . there is no way that they could commit to a design decision for these big - ticket items in such a short space of time without compromising the quality of those decisions . i believe you can get a draft on you desk by the end of tomorrow , but can ' t guarantee that it can be reviewed in that time and signed , unless we acknowledge that this is an inception document and not an elaboration document . ( an inception document states intent to kick off the project , while an elaboration document fleshes out the details and a design is produced ) . the team are trying hard to accomodate this request and i hope you will understand if they don ' t quite make it by eob friday . regards steve ps : i ' ll be out of the office tomorrow at the hospital , but i can be reached on 713 - 598 - 0732 or by e - mail : steve @ thestockfamily . com - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 5 : 54 pm to : stock , stephen subject : re : gtv weekly status update i am expecting a signed document - the phase ii document was not worthwhile . geof listed out the information / areas that he wanted to see included in it , so i asked for them to be included . it sounds as though geof and your guys need to sit down and work through it today or tomorrow . from : stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 47 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : gtv weekly status update hi louise , i tried to call a moment ago , but unfortunately you were engaged in a meeting . i wanted to let you know that the message from you below has caused some concern with my team , as they are struggling to see how they can accomplish this to your satisfaction by end of this week , and geoff storey himself was wondering how we could even get to transport valuation in erms in that time frame . they are heading for a draft by the end of the week , but feel extremely uncomfortable about committing to timing and full scope untill they have had more time to work through it . could you please let me know if you are expecting a signed document at the end of this week ? . . . . . . or can i let them issue a draft to be firmed up next week instead ? best regards steve - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , april 17 , 2001 1 : 50 pm to : wei , zhiyong ; storey , geoff cc : bibi , philippe a . ; perlman , beth ; stock , stephen subject : re : gtv weekly status update i ' m a bit confused - i think that the current document distributed for circulation is too small . i would suggest this be abandonned and a next draft produced which includes the following . single deal entry revisions options reports transport valuation in erms eol reporting tools ( possible ) i would like to see phase ii include the items above and an inception document re - issued this week . thanks louise from : zhiyong wei / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 16 / 2001 06 : 30 pm to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , geoff storey / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / enron @ enronxgate , beth perlman / enron @ enronxgate , stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate , colleen sullivan / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : gtv weekly status update please find below the gtv project status update for this week . please see the attached file for the project timeline update in microsoft project . gtv status meeting attendees : zhiyong wei , karima husain , francis lim , jeremy wong , bill fortney , nayan dattani , dave nommensen , russ severson , narasim kasaru , mike swaim , george grant , chuck ames , geof storey . accomplishments : ? incorporating physical deal positions in tds : o changes to cpr reader process and its unit testing have been completed . o changes for the view aggregation and its unit testing have been completed . o a new task has been added due to the requirement of loading prior - day curves into position manager ( please see the attached project timeline . ) o changes for position manager are in progress ( please see the attached project timeline . ) ? single point of deal entry for term deals : o single point of deal entry is now ready for user acceptance testing . ? gas daily deals : o changes to erms portcalc application for the gas daily deals are complete and ready for testing . o changes to tds deal valuation are in progress and on schedule ( please see the attached project timeline . ) o a new task has been added to flag fixed - price positions ( please see the attached project timeline . ) ? live feeds for gas daily / intra - month curves : o released to production plans for the week ending 4 / 20 / 01 : ? continue it development of phase i items . ? obtain sign - off for gtv - ii , phase 2 issues and timeline . ? commence it development of phase 2 issues . issues : incompatibility of tibco version 5 . x and 6 . x . the single point of deal entry is done using tibco 6 . x . some users are still using tibco 5 . x . upgrading to either tibco 6 . x or windows 2000 is needed . > thanks zhiyong 
2	Subject: largest collection of porn mo \ / ies ever - x 833 we have the hottest pornostars pics and videos inside . thousands of new photo and clips , including pornostars movies . see hot pornostars videos now ! click here for http : / / decorticate . net . wallkbaby . info / cool photos and video clips and dvd movies - - - - - - - - - - - - - - convolution abram crocodilian disturbance breastwork delirium activate agnew architectural article adsorption cam 
2	Subject: jan net position - revised - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 12 / 23 / 99 11 : 38 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : ami chokshi 12 / 23 / 99 11 : 32 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , bryan hull / hou / ect @ ect , o ' neal d winfree / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : jan net position 
2	Subject: california update 6 / 14 / 01 executive summary ? bankruptcy fears mount with absent mou or plan b ? california puc wagers the promise of qf payments ? socal ring fencing ? california budget having problems bankruptcy fears & plan b sources are becoming more pessimistic regarding the prospects for a state bailout of socal . at this time the negotiations on plan b appear to be in danger of falling apart . the governor ' s efforts to position the legislature to take the blame if socal files ( due to lack of movement on the mou ) and senator burton ' s hostile response that the governor is the one responsible for delays is a sign that sentiment toward working for a bailout may be disappearing . it now appears more likely that a plan b alternative to the mou will not be reached due primarily to a failure to achieve consensus on how to spread the burden of the dedicated rate component . this could likely lead to a socal bankruptcy filing in the foreseeable future and as sources note , parties to the crisis are not optimistic about reaching a deal . cpuc moves to pay qfs according to media reports on the cpuc qf payment plan , socal ' s payments to qfs are contingent on the legislatures ' approval of the mou . in a move to publicize their cooperation and facilitate this process , today the cpuc passed three of the four mou provisions set by davis / socal ed negotiations and promised to examine the last provision at their june 28 th meeting . thus , with the cpuc posing no hindrance to stabilizing socal ed . , the legislature will bare the burden of debating the mou or plan b . sources report that if it appears that no legislative solution can be achieved , the qfs could file involuntary bankruptcy against socal . yesterday ' s decision raised the state ' s price cap on the qf ' s substantially , and ought to help increase production . so once again , price caps have kept crucial power generation assets off the market . sources note that the qfs contracts with socal now have cancellation clauses built into them in the event of socal filing involuntarily - this is something the qfs learned from the experience of pg & e ' s filing and judge montali ' s subsequent rulings . the financial question about these payments to qfs is less whether they will in and of themselves bankrupt edison , than it is whether other creditors force edison into bankruptcy rather than see that money leave the building . the sums in question are not huge , an absolute maximum of $ 50 million , but we are told some bondholders may well consider $ 50 million to be a sum worth fighting for . ring fencing edison international ( eix ) has issued a $ 1 . 2 billion bond via its mission energy subsidiary , proceeds of which will be used to pay off certain credit lines with banks . sources report that paying off these credit lines will negate cross - default clauses in those lines , and insulate eix from the effects of a bankruptcy at southern california edison . this is exactly what pg & e did a few weeks before filing chapter 11 , and has further convinced a lot of people that the game plan at eix includes letting sce file and restructure in bankruptcy rather than outside of it . sources comment that when judge montali approved large bonuses for pg & e senior management after pg & e ' s filings , it made bryson and members of his team " reconsider " the merits of bankruptcy . california state budget : day - to - day stress relief notwithstanding , the california state budget is still a shambles . more than $ 8 billion has been paid to power generators , depleting a political treasure chest which was going to be doled out to special interest groups for years to come . the only hope for the state comes from the issuance of $ 12 . 5 billion in " power bonds . " financial market participants are still questioning whether the state of california is illegally declaring itself to be a senior creditor of the one ( soon probably two ) bankrupt utilities . by declaring that cpuc rate hikes be directed first to holders of " power bonds " rather than general creditors of the utilities , the state is saying that the money they spent buying power " on behalf of the utilities " is a senior claim . the state treasurer phil angelides has given repeated assurances that this is so , and will likely do so again in a conference call next tuesday , but concern about this opinion reportedly dampened enthusiasm for a $ 1 billion g . o . bond california issued this week . one highly respected sacramento columnist said this week that the " power bonds " are no better than 50 - 50 to get issued at all . 
2	Subject: henwood stuff and thoughts about valuation did you guys get this ? i was too interested in the conversation to interrupt with comments about risk / return if the decision would be covered in rates , it is the customers ' curves or equivalently the puc ' s curve . i think if i were going to approach valuation in commodities where the assumptions of black / scholes do not apply , i would start with the capm for large industries in an area , use pro formas to translate this to utility curves for the input commodities , and add the utility curves . another issue : the factor that explains why enron is lowest bidder is its role in the market . in the 1930 s , keynes argued that if most market participants with long position were hedgers , futures prices would be higher than spot ; if they were speculators or traders , future prices would be lower than spot . traders must be compensated for holding the risk ; hedgers ( including utilities and consumers ) are willing to pay a premium for the certainty . consequently , enron traders have bigger bid / ask spreads and lower bid prices . just some random thoughts , michael - - - - - original message - - - - - date : 01 / 04 / 2001 10 : 41 am ( thursday ) from : " heather mason " to : hq 3 . em 5 ( michael schilmoeller ) mark your calendar - tuesday january 23 , 2001 downtown houston hyatt hotel henwood will be hosting a comprehensive ercot symposium on tuesday , january 23 , 2001 . a team of henwood regional power market specialists will be presenting the latest analysis and information to assist you in preparing for the new ercot restructured power market , in addition to an anlysis of the issues now playing out in the wscc markets . coffee and registration will begin at 9 : 30 am and the program will run until 3 : 00 pm . lunch and snacks will be provided . agenda topics include : * what will be the critical - success factors for qualified scheduling entities operating in ercot ' s new wholesale & retail markets ? * how will market restructuring impact mid to long - term wholesale prices ? * what is the outlook for new generation ? * what are the impacts of upcoming emission regulations on ercot ' s generation resources ? * what are the new analytical tools available to capture market uncertainty impacts to your supply contracts and generation assets ? * what are the restructuring lessons learned from the california experience and the implications to ercot ? in conjunction with this program , henwood will have a demonstration room available to present its latest software applications and e - business solutions . a nominal $ 75 registration fee is required to reserve a space in the workshop . for more information or to reserve your spot , please contact heather mason at henwood : hmason @ hesinet . com or 916 / 569 - 0985 . about henwood : henwood offers integrated business solutions , strategic consulting , and innovative e - business applications to meet the challenges of the restructured energy markets throughout north america , australia , and europe , serving clients that include eight of the ten top utilities in north america , in addition to energy services providers and power marketers . 
2	Subject: 5 , 000 $ backgammon tournament play backgammon with others the most popular skill game in the world ! play for real money or just for fun http : / / 65 net . info online backgammon games 24 / 7 . join the 100 , 000 + players now ! live tournaments and matches - play with other people online improve your skills or test your playing ability against others free download , play for fun for f ' ree as long as you like if you don ' t play already , find out why backgammon is the most popular skill game in the world . http : / / 65 net . info more important : get your free 2 $ now ! if you wish to halt future mai * * ling , please go here : http : / / 65 net . info / unsub . html 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for september 21 , 2000 teco tap 60 . 000 / enron ; 71 . 250 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: lng meeting bjorn : the lng meeting will be held tomorrow the 17 th of may at 11 : 00 pm houston time . the phone number for the conference room is : 713 / 853 - 3135 thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: $ 54873 hello , i sent you an email a few days ago because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get a $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . best regards , sammi james another time . . http : / / jemchet . lender - home . com / rl / index . html - - - - system information - - - - part cannot services doesn ' t indicate c : germany consistent stroke - radical it segments environment another personalization note simplified method each managing instead contribute template various available  
2	Subject: shopping for software ? now in your language & currency ! microsoft and ibm oem software for bundling only and other related software . how to make god laugh : tell him your future plans . experience consists of experiencing that which one does not wish to experience 
2	Subject: bank of montreal louise , i spoke to our contact at bmo and they confirmed the $ 11 . 25 mm is due to us by the end of day wed . also mentioned they were awaiting to have off - setting discussions with john arnold . let me know if i need to put another call into them wed . kelly # 31603 
2	Subject: weekend oncall notes friday 1 / 19 / 01 - received a call from sheila at basin regarding a well which may be coming on this weekend ( meter 9696 ) . phone lee in gas control regarding same . lee informed me that hpl would prefer that the volumes are not brought on until a field tech can pull a sample and verify that there are no liquids involved . lee further informed me that the same day to tejas at hardy was not in the system , and , per gary hanks , needed to be corrected . lee informed me that the volumes were actually split 10 m at hardy / tejas and 10 m at lomax . i went into sitara and updated the deal ticket , pathed and nominated over to pops . saturday 1 / 20 / 01 - 8 : 30 am sean paged regarding the nomination at dow freeport , he was questioning the validity , as we do not often flow at this meter . i checked and the nomination was good for saturday ' s gas day . sean informed me that the valero refinery was up and down and would be going completely down on sunday . 10 : 00 am - sean called regarding tejas laporte , meter 665 . apparently , the meter had a confirmed volume of 20 m and hpl / ena had no deal at the meter . checked in pops and discovered that the deal was confirmed at 20 m on a deal volume of zero . informed sean that the tejas volume was confirmed . also , per sean koch george west ( meter 6722 ) had a nomination increase of 10 m , which he wanted to confirm . sunday 1 / 21 / 01 10 : 00 am sean paged regarding the dow meter 1442 , pops still showed a confirmed voume of 10 m which dow and oasis showed at zero for sunday . i checked the system and confirmed that the meter was indeed at zero and phoned sean back to confirm . checked on mtp hardy , sean informed me that we came in on rate for saturday and that current meter activity looked good . 
2	Subject: here ' s a hot play in motion wysak petroieum ( wysk ) current price : 0 . 16 apr 25 , 20 o 5 - - wysak petroleum is pleased to report that due diiigence is nearly complete in regards to the company ' s further planned | eases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news wiil be forthcoming shortly and wi | | report on deveiopments as they occur . targets include properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wil | strategically purchase leases in know and proven oi | they include exxonmobiie , wi | | iams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oil & gas and coaibed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has bi | | ions of do | | ars in proven oi | and gas reserves . in 2002 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . co | | ectiveiy over 26 , ooo weils produced 54 . 7 million barrels of oi | and 1 . 75 trillion cubic feet of natura | gas . proved reserves of natura | gas were at an a | | - time high of 18 . 4 tri | | ion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 mi | | ion barrels . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 triilion cubic feet . neariy 10 o welis are being drilled each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 million - acre basin could have 5 o , 000 to loo , 0 oo producing weils before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natural gas piay in north america within the | ast ten years . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop traditiona | fossil fue | sites , as we | | as clean air aiternative energy producing technoiogies . wysak controis one wyoming federal oil they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectiveiy , over 26 , oo 0 weils produced 54 . 7 miilion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conciusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doliars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 013 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: i have never seen my wife so excited ! hey , clal 1 s soft - tabs are new , and the best choice ! http : / / degradedly . net / cs / ? yol 23 the quick mouth absorption allows you and your partner up to 38 hours to choose the right moment . they work fast for up to 36 hours . a lot better than vlakra . you can now be spontaneous with your partner , responding to each other at anytime . theres more to learn http : / / degradedly . net / cs / ? yol 23 tdccad 
2	Subject: fwd : got meds va / l / ium > xan @ x ~ viagr @ charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > we created an online medical consultation to get you the medications you need without the hassle , embarrassment , and cost of the doctor ' s office and pharmacy . get the following : ~ vlagr @ ' vali / u / m ; xana / x / ( som @  pn + ermin . ativ @ ` n plus : fioric ` 3 t , t ` ram @ do | , uit . r @ m , l 3 vit : ra , prop ` 3 cia , ac ' yc | 0 vir , proz @ : c , p ' @ xil , bus : p @ r , adip : 3 x , i ` 0 namin , m ` 3 ridia , x 3 nica . | , ambi ` 3 n , so . nata , fl 3 . xeril , ce | 3 b ' rex experienced reliable service . your comfort and convenience is our prime concern .  
2	Subject: re : henwood query hi karolina , yes , it might be more productive to talk on the phone . given our time difference , why don ' t we plan on tomorrow ( friday ) 8 : 00 am pdt , 4 : 00 pm bdt ? my number in the states is 503 - 464 - 8430 . give me your number , too , so that i can call back if i get hung up in a meeting or something . the situation is complicated by the fact that the marginal cost is set by the capacity increment of a plant that is on the margin in a particular hour , but in constructing the stack , increments of a plant may be scattered throughout the stack , based on their respective incremental heat rates . ( this is why increment heat rates must be strictly increasing in this model . ) results for the capacity increments , however , are not available as output ; only each plant ' s aggregate values are reported . i had to construct the stack for a particular hour to answer question about a homer city , ny plant we were studying a few years ago . attached is the sql query you can import into ms access to do the same thing for you ( making appropriate modifications to the year , hour , etc . ) unfortunately , no henwood documentation on the output variables existed when i created this query , so i can not really tell you what they represent anymore . an acquaintance of mine at entergy and i were lobbying to get henwood to provide some documentation , so it may be available now . let ' s talk and maybe we can help you out , michael > > > karolina potter / lon / ect @ enron 08 / 24 / 00 07 : 08 am > > > michael , i am an analyst in paul mead ' s continental power trading group in london . i am currently working on the project , which requires the use of emss , and experience some difficulties interpreting the output results . steven leppard from our research group gave me your name as an expert in this system and consequently the person to contact in case of problems . i have been running simulations for the dutch market and was asked to provide the traders with some front - end screen graphs in order to interpret the numerical results . one of the graphs is to show an hourly generation stack and system ' s marginal cost , as we only run cost based scenarios . to sort each station ' s hourly generation i need its marginal cost . to my knowledge though , marginal cost is only generated for a systems marginal unit ( transarea marginal units query , marg _ cost unit ) . therefore i was sorting the stations according to the cost which i calculated based on the outputs from station detail by hour query . the calculation was as follows : for each hour , for each generating station : " marginal cost " [ o / mwh ]  ( generation _ cost [ oo 00 ] * 1000 ) / generation [ mwh ] - vom _ cost [ o / mwh ] this i thought would include fuel cost and start up costs . however , a marginal station which i get on the stack as a result of the above calculation is not a station given in marginal station field in transarea marginal units query . i have also looked into transarea _ data _ hr table and transarea _ data table but non of the costs there match my results . do you happen to know what formula is used to determine marg _ cost and which outputs i should be using to obtain the right results ? it might be easier if we could discuss this issue on the phone . in this case could you please send me your direct telephone number . i am struggling understanding what is going on and would appreciate your help very much . regards karolina - text . htm - stack generator sql . txt 
2	Subject: re : contract agreement habiba , looks good to me . pleasure to work with you . vince habiba bayi @ enron _ development 04 / 03 / 2000 06 : 23 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : contract agreement hi , attached is the draft copy of the agreement for your review . i will call lacima in london in the morning to fill in the gaps for the name of the book , the date they intend to publish it and the name of the person who will sign on their behalf . as soon as i get your comments back , i will send the copy to david , our attorney , and copy you as well . thank you . habiba 
2	Subject: soma ghosh prc mid year review tim davies has requested that i contact you regarding soma ghosh ' s prc mid year review . you will recall that you were asked to do a review for soma and to date this is still outstanding . i would be grateful if you could do this at some stage today as our review meeting will be held tomorrow . thank you for your assistance claire dunnett 37462 
2	Subject: ignore | vii @ gr @ , cialis is the best ! despair hey , i wanted to tell you that i just found a place nlne that has the gnerc version of vgra for a lot chper than getting it from a us phrmcy . no prscrptions needed or ncessry . all ordrs backd by our 100 % , 30 dy , mony bak guarnte ! shppd discretly worldwid . your easy - to - use solution is here chpest spr vagr ( clis ) is here no further emls plse http : / / . biz lackey macassar compliant sourdough charisma snap lucretia corrodible raffia soon cornbread committing indirect appearance mild diffractometer colorate heckle mythic paginate decorum inertance arachnid osmium gent smirk analyst pontific goatherd micrography carlisle destruct chain brian yak pyroxene he ' d apron rare  
2	Subject: enron wind ceo is jim noles at 66349 . calger and belden probably have a good ide as to wheter this will be big the next year or not . we will help them few to many on eol . gp 
2	Subject: king ranch stella , it is very important that king ranch is accurately scheduled in the system . sitara should be updated with any changes so that daren can properly manage the texas desk position . hopefully we have moved enough off of your desk to allow you to concentrate on king ranch . too many discrepancies have been made and it is very costly to the desk . robert can assist if needed . thanks , pat 
2	Subject: urgent problems with your website , return call to joseph attn : president , director of marketing , it please return call to joseph at 1 - 800 - 628 - 0418 to who it may concern , the reason why i am writing to you right now is that i am looking at your website and i was just searching in google and yahoo and you may not be aware that your website is not listed on the first 2 - pages of the search results on your main keywords in your business that you have listed on your source code . are you familiar with keywords ? i am bringing this to your attention now because statistically 85 % of websites are found from search engines and 99 % of users only visit the first 2 - pages of search results . do you understand what i mean ? our company specializes in search engine optimization , a unique service that will guarantee that your website be listed on the first 2 - pages across the major search engines , and for only us $ 1 . 80 per month per keyword phrase - guaranteed lowest prices in the world per keyword . you may ask yourself why do i need a professional seo company to optimize my site ? the reason is that the average search gets one million website listings , so getting your site listed consistently on the first 2 - pages out of 1 million websites is virtually impossible without the help of a professional search engine optimization company like us . but even better , we have a very unique technology to research the most popular typed in keywords that users are typing into the search box daily and we will let you know exactly all of the keywords that your target market is searching for to find your business . this will definitely generate a lot more visibility on - line for your website , and more traffic and sales . we found hundreds of search terms that you are missing on your site that would generate more traffic and sales . now , what we would like to do for you is some further in - depth research on all of the possible keywords for promoting your website after you ge me back a call at 1 - 800 - 628 - 0418 . i look forward to doing business with you . kindest regards , joseph d alleva it director traffic bus inc . world ' s leader in seo 129 south van buren street rockville , md 20850 usa usa toll free 1 - 800 - 628 - 0418  
2	Subject: southwest power divestiture - signed we received the $ 15 mm l / c from black hills corp . so we are done - we have a definitive purchase and sale agreement with black hills energy capital to divest of jedi ii / enron ' s effective 100 % membership interest in southwest power l . l . c . southwest ' s assets consist of las vegas cogeneration l . p . , sunco , ltd . l . l . c and las vegas cogeneration ii , l . l . c . financial closure is expected on or before august 31 , 2001 . 
2	Subject: earn extra income * * want to make a million bucks this year ? me too but it ' s probably not going happen ! however if you ' re looking for the opportunity to make a couple thousand a week , working from home with your pc , we need to talk . if you ' re over 18 and a us resident , just click reply send me your name , state , complete telephone number , and the best time to contact you . i will personally speak with you within 48 hours . have a great day ! removal instructions : * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * to be removed from this list please reply with " remove " in the subject line . please allow a few days for removal to take effect . thanks ! ! - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: re : automate load of scheduled quantity sirpo 0067 i have updated the draft enhancement document to automate the load of scheduled quantities . once again , i would appreciate your feedback . please have your comments to me by cob 10 / 19 / 01 . thanks , tammy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : jaquet , tammy sent : thursday , october 04 , 2001 6 : 19 pm to : pena , matt ; nguyen , ben ; greif , donna ; pinion , richard ; lakho , shahnaz ; farmer , daren j . ; heal , kevin ; kinsey , lisa ; lamadrid , victor ; smith , george f . ; sullivan , patti ; dinari , sabra l . ; driscoll - ernest , marde l . ; greif , donna ; muzzy , charles t . cc : superty , robert subject : automate load of scheduled quantity sirpo 0067 i have attached a draft of the enhancement to automate the load of scheduled quantities . please review and provide your input by cob 10 / 10 / 01 . if you need to discuss this document , let know and i will make arrangements to meet with you . once we get your input , we will issue an updated document and meet with it to prioritize . > thanks , tammy 
2	Subject: fw : draft - socal / topock announcement fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : donoho , lindy sent : monday , march 04 , 2002 2 : 16 pm to : watson , kimberly ; lindberg , lorraine ; lohman , tk cc : betancourt , ramona subject : fw : draft - socal / topock announcement fyi , looks like we have a few adm things to get in place before we can implement . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : betancourt , ramona sent : monday , march 04 , 2002 2 : 13 pm to : donoho , lindy ; kowalke , terry ; corman , shelley cc : schoolcraft , darrell subject : re : draft - socal / topock announcement lindy , since socal will not be confirming during the timely cycle , this gas will be incremental and the supplies may not get scheduled . also , i know socal confirms the needles point via edi . will they also confirm this socal topock point via edi ? if they do confirm via edi , it would be good to have them work with mary draemer on a test edi file . will they give us a window like they do at socal needles ? today in tms , we do have a non grid cycle that runs just prior to the gas day starting at 7 : 30 am . i know socal does not confirm this cycle today for needles . also , currently in production today socal needles point 10487 is set up as a passive point for confirmation . this topock point would need to be set up with the same point status role for confirmation if they confirm this point via edi . socal will need to complete the operator choice request form that is posted on the tw web site . thanks ramona - - - - - original message - - - - - from : donoho , lindy sent : monday , march 04 , 2002 9 : 22 am to : kowalke , terry ; corman , shelley ; betancourt , ramona subject : fw : draft - socal / topock announcement i ' m asking ramona a question - it would probably be good if i had her on the address list  ) also , terry lindberg , lorraine ; lohman , tk ; lokay , michelle ; mcconnell , mark ; y ' barbo , paul ; kilmer iii , robert ; harris , steven subject : draft - socal / topock announcement here ' s a simple first draft . i didn ' t know how much detail we should get into . ramona , am i using the correct terminology ? they are not going to confirm in cycle 1 . they are just going to let us fill - in where el paso filled - up all the capacity downstream . > let me know your comments . thanks ! 
2	Subject: transatlantic meetings to the executive committee : attached is a note that has been sent to our managers regarding off - site and team - building meetings . my impression is that our commendable efforts to build transatlantic synergies are resulting in too many get - togethers that require substantial travel . our challenge is that such gatherings are far more costly and time - consuming for us to attend than our houston colleagues might realize . often , participating in these meetings takes an entire week for enron europe employees ( especially if they are outside of texas ) . naturally , they may feel that this time of year ( prc time ) is exactly the wrong time from a career perspective to miss this kind of gathering . these off - sites are sometimes scheduled at the end of a quarter , which compounds the difficulty ; worse still are the times they occur at the end of q 2 , since it also coincides and conflicts with the prc process . i would appreciate your efforts to remind your managers to consider the travel time and costs ( both direct and indirect ) when inviting international employees to off - site meetings in the us . we appreciate the chance to be included in the broader enron initiatives and to share ideas across organizations , but we are really trying to reinforce the message about managing expenses . thanks ! john sherriff ( letter sent to all enron europe vps and direct reports ) we still have issues regarding offsites and ' team building ' exercises . in particular , we have recently had examples of departments failing to inform other key work groups when workplace absences are pending . in order to avoid misunderstandings , and to increase transparency , the following will apply with immediate effect : any offsite or ' team building ' exercise which any group ( both commercial and non - commercial , and including john and myself ) intends to undertake must be communicated , in advance , to all department heads . issue to be identified include : all participants who will out of the office , total costs of the exercise ; and , where appropriate , work load coverage details . john and i are very supportive of team building exercises but we much prefer that they be conducted in the evenings or at weekends . to the extent that is not possible , we must absolutely avoid quarter ends and ensure all work is appropriately covered . trips to houston and especially resorts in the us are far more difficult to justify based on the substantial travel time and costs involved . so please pay particular attention to optimising our transatlantic travel . please communicate this policy to your staff . michael brown 
2	Subject: tux fuel nominations for 8 / 16 / 00 please advise should you have any questions concerning the attached . ( see attached file : hplo 816 . xls ) - hplo 816 . xls 
2	Subject: re : hotlist update 5 / 1 / 01 i forgot the attachment . brillant . . . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mrha , jean sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 2 : 29 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : jones , melissa ; schoppe , tammie ; carter , carol ; washington , deanna subject : hotlist update 5 / 1 / 01 louise , please find attached the revised hotlist for upstream products and bridgeline . i need to augment the transaction sheet associated with bridgeline , but brian is currently in a meeting . next week ' s version will include the strategies associated with the lrc / crawfish assets that are on bridgeline ' s balance sheet . in addition , the storage deal update does not include any of the monetization opportunities of utility pad gas that upstream is targeting . we are meeting with jim steffes tomorrow . paul and i will present our storage strategy on thursday . regards , jean 
2	Subject: re : you ' re done ! regards , jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : friday , march 30 , 2001 2 : 42 pm to : bowen jr . , raymond ; mcmahon , jeffrey ; whalley , greg cc : kitchen , louise ; devries , glen ; colwell , wes subject : who sais choice markets don ' t work . yours at 11 million ( papier massion ) . lavo 
2	Subject: enron mentions a merger ahead for enron ? businessweek , 11 / 19 / 01 see you in court the economist , 11 / 17 / 01 did ken lay understand what was happening at enron ? the new york times , 11 / 16 / 01 a quick change in fortune dulls the glimmer of houston the new york times , 11 / 16 / 01 johnson and longley hurting bottom line the new york times , 11 / 16 / 01 the five dumbest things on wall street this week thestreet . com , 11 / 16 / 01 global investing - fidelity reveals a rise in its enron exposure . financial times , 11 / 16 / 01 front page - companies & markets - hp and compaq chiefs to forego $ 22 m . financial times , 11 / 16 / 01 stock drop cuts enron retirement package associated press newswires , 11 / 16 / 01 city - international power looks for purchases . the daily telegraph , 11 / 16 / 01 india dabhol project due diligence to start next week dow jones international news , 11 / 16 / 01 britain clears purchase of enron ' s indian oil assets the daily deal , 11 / 16 / 01 u . s . firms get in on alaska pipeline the globe and mail , 11 / 16 / 01 new power faults data flow but opposes program delay houston chronicle , 11 / 16 / 01 consortium ' s return sparks renewed hope in gas pipeline project associated press newswires , 11 / 15 / 01 usa : janus funds dumped emc in third quarter . reuters english news service , 11 / 15 / 01 cash infusion little comfort to enron counterparties dow jones energy service , 11 / 15 / 01 dynegy may want some of enron ' s broadband assets dow jones energy service , 11 / 15 / 01 in business this week a merger ahead for enron ? edited by monica roman 11 / 19 / 2001 businessweek 50 ( copyright 2001 mcgraw - hill , inc . ) with its stock falling to new lows and its credit rating battered , energy giant enron is desperately searching for new capital . sources close to the houston company say it ' s considering deals with other energy - trading companies , private - equity firms , and blue - chip saviors such as ge capital . the wall street journal and cnbc reported that dynegy is in merger talks with enron . the company ' s financial crisis was sparked by disclosures about some of its off - balance - sheet partnership deals negotiated by former chief financial officer andrew fastow . a securities & exchange commission investigation and the threat of liabilities from shareholder lawsuits could make it tough for enron to land a new investor . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . finance source : world reporter ( tm ) - ft mccarthy the company ' s trials have just begun lawyers are swarming all over enron ' s old financial statements and press releases in the hope of reaping huge fees from securities litigation . more than 20 class - action lawsuits have been filed in recent weeks , and new ones are popping up every day . a formal process has been started to consolidate litigation in houston , where the troubled energy company is based , with all lawyers interested in the case required to stake their claims by december 21 st . the broadest accusations will be of fraud and material misstatement , legal ways of saying that the company ' s financial statements were garbage . this week , enron ' s founder and chairman , kenneth lay , decided to forgo a severance package worth over $ 60 m while admitting that the company ' s problems " had been exacerbated by the extensive use of debt capital , both on and off the balance sheet " . america ' s financial accounting standards board ( fasb ) is looking again at off - balance - sheet financing , having fretted about it on and off for a decade . there will also be charges of insider trading , because even as enron was issuing securities amid glowing profits reports , top executives were dumping over $ 1 billion of enron shares to " unsuspecting investors " , a group that includes anybody who , however briefly , has held one of the company ' s 750 m shares in the past two years . " the number of class members will be huge , " says maurice pesso , a lawyer at a new york firm that has filed a claim . there are , however , limits to the company ' s liability . it has already restated its results going back five years , but federal law restricts litigation to the past three . moreover , enron will not take the rap alone . its auditor , arthur andersen ( now plain andersen ) , is also named as a defendant in at least one of the complaints already filed . the litigation comes after a rough decade for andersen . it has had to pay hundreds of millions of dollars in settlements after sloppy audits on such companies as waste management , sunbeam and discovery zone . because enron evolved from an energy company into a financial firm , it became much like an unregulated bank . the lack of supervision meant that the role of the company ' s auditor was crucial . andersen was certainly paid as if it was . in 2000 , it collected $ 25 m for auditing enron ' s books and another $ 27 m for consulting services . now how do you account for that ? copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c did ken lay understand what was happening at enron ? by floyd norris 11 / 16 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 2 c . 2001 new york times company what a tangled web was weaved by enron . both investors and managers seem to have been misled . ' ' enron became overleveraged , ' ' kenneth l . lay , enron ' s chairman and chief executive , said this week , adding that things went wrong in ways that ' ' i could not have ever contemplated . ' ' he pointed to investments that ' ' performed far worse than we ever could have imagined . ' ' that was the first time that enron had admitted it had a leverage problem , and it came only after the brutal reality had become apparent to many others . mr . lay says he understood what was going on , but i suspect he had left crucial details to others who have since departed and did not fully grasp the reality that was obscured by enron ' s soothing financial statements . when enron was riding high , it could easily have sold stock to raise capital that it now desperately wants . mr . lay and other executives sold stock , but the company did not . just a month ago , mr . lay spoke enthusiastically of how great the company ' s continuing earnings were . the leverage was not easy to find . a lot of it was carried off enron ' s balance sheet . partnerships and special - purpose entities that enron set up borrowed money and funneled the cash to enron . enron guaranteed the debt but did not have to show it on its own balance sheet because it could meet its obligations by issuing stock . as undisclosed losses built up in those entities , it became more likely they could not pay their bills , leaving enron to do so . it is also clear that the bond rating agencies did not understand enron ' s plight until the last couple of weeks . when they figured it out , it took a $ 1 . 5 billion equity infusion that is part of the dynegy takeover to keep enron ' s rating above junk level . now enron has a board committee investigating various transactions , and promises to release details as they are uncovered . officials speak as if they are learning what happened for the first time , and perhaps they are . jeffrey skilling , mr . lay ' s protege , was enron ' s chief financial engineer until he quit this summer . and enron ' s chief financial officer and treasurer were ousted as enron unraveled . some investors would say none of that matters now , that the only important fact is that dynegy is buying enron anyway . chuck watson , dynegy ' s chief executive , is convinced that enron ' s energy trading business is a gem that more than justifies the price dynegy is paying . he figures the losses from the bad investments can be contained . the big question now may be whether mr . watson will retain his enthusiasm after his people study enron ' s trading positions . enron has always said it hedged its big derivative positions - - positions that can contain huge leverage that does not show up on the balance sheet - - but some of that hedging was with affiliated companies . if big surprises are found , dynegy could back out of the deal . there is plenty of blame to go around here , and suits have been filed against enron , its current and former officials , and its auditor , arthur andersen . but investors also bear responsibility . enron ' s financial statements were , as mr . lay conceded this week , ' ' opaque and difficult to understand . ' ' investors and analysts knew they did not know what was going on . they bought anyway . enron was viewed as a company that always made its numbers . an old - line gas pipeline company had been transformed into a brilliant trader that could apply its magic around the world . investors did not care how enron made the numbers . now , when it is too late , they do . graph tracks the monthly closes of enron ' s stock price from 1998 through 2001 . yesterday ' s close : $ 9 . 48 copyright ? 2000 dow jones section a a quick change in fortune dulls the glimmer of houston by jim yardley 11 / 16 / 2001 the new york times page 14 , column 1 c . 2001 new york times company houston , nov . 15 - - on a day when oil prices plunged to two - year lows , when the hometown enron corporation continued its ugly free fall and when gloomy projections showed the local economy headed for a decidedly rough patch , george alcorn lunched on chilean sea bass at the downtown petroleum club and decided that the sky was not falling . ' ' i ' ve been an optimist all my life , ' ' said mr . alcorn , 69 , who owns an independent exploration company and survived the oil bust years of the mid - 1980 ' s . ' ' the opportunities in this town have always been large . i don ' t think it ' s going to change at all . ' ' that mr . alcorn could sound upbeat in such seemingly grim economic times is hardly surprising in a city largely built on pluck and buoyant optimism . until recently , economists had predicted that the economic downturn plaguing the rest of the nation would largely bypass houston , the nation ' s energy capital . in june , the economist magazine , citing houston ' s increasingly diverse economy , even promoted it as a candidate for the world ' s next great international city and business center . but june is a long time ago . by then , the city had already lost 2 , 000 jobs from the struggling computer maker compaq and will probably now lose thousands more if the company ' s merger with hewlett - packard is approved . in the aftermath of the sept . 11 terrorist attacks , continental airlines , which is based here , announced 12 , 000 layoffs , some likely to come in houston . the texas medical center , one of the largest medical complexes in the world , is facing financial peril after flooding in june caused an estimated $ 2 billion in damages . the latest blow to the economy as well as the local psyche is the plight of enron , the energy company that some analysts said tottered near bankruptcy before a merger with its local rival , dynegy , was announced last week . even if the merger goes through , the city is expected to feel a crunch ; local real estate analysts say the merger could produce a glut of downtown office space at a time when new towers are under construction , including one by enron . one visible symbol of the changing fortunes is that two of the city ' s sports stadiums , enron field and compaq center , are named for companies that soon may not exist . this week , the national association of purchasing management , which measures business activity and industrial production , released a report showing that houston ' s economy had contracted in october after 32 consecutive months of expansion . ' ' over the first half of this year , you had to feel pretty good , ' ' said bill gilmer , an economist at the federal reserve bank of dallas and an authority on houston . but mr . gilmer said that much of the city ' s recent job growth was driven by oil and gas companies and that the decline in prices meant the sector was ' ' running out of steam . ' ' ' ' the national economy , ' ' mr . gilmer added , ' ' is not helping out right now . ' ' the fact that the ailing national economy is dragging on houston is , oddly enough , evidence of the city ' s success in recovering from the 1980 ' s oil bust . then , with the local economy dominated by oil and gas , the drop in prices crushed the city and prompted civic leaders to preach economic diversification . and it worked : compaq , continental , the texas medical center as well as dramatic growth in small business helped houston recover and grow even faster , becoming the nation ' s fourth - largest city . the new generation of sophisticated energy companies , led by enron , then created a boom . economists say the next several months are likely to be slow . there could be substantial layoffs if compaq and enron mergers take place . mr . gilmer said the price of oil still played a large role in the city ' s economy ; the number of exploration rigs has dropped to roughly 1 , 000 from about 1 , 300 in recent months . yet no one is predicting a reprise of the bust , when downtown office buildings stood practically empty . instead , economists point to a relatively quick rebound . ray perryman , a texas economist who runs the perryman group , said houston still had an infrastructure envied by most other cities , including the city ' s bustling port , the nation ' s second largest . the city was recently named as one of four finalists to become the american entry to be host of the 2012 olympic games . voters recently approved construction of a starter light rail line , and federal environmental officials recently signed off on a plan to greatly reduce air pollution . ' ' we ' re sitting here with over two million jobs , ' ' said former mayor bob lanier . the downfall of enron , though , a company whose value dropped almost 90 percent because of accounting problems and financial distress , has been the most highly publicized and unexpected blow to the city ' s economy . the company had embodied the self - image that houston business leaders hold dear : it was entrepreneurial , aggressive and ground breaking . it was also a generous civic benefactor ; the company ' s chairman , kenneth l . lay , a close friend of president bush , had even been rumored as a potential mayoral candidate . but this week , enron ' s lost glory became painfully evident . in a hall at rice university on tuesday , mr . lay presented alan greenspan , the federal reserve chairman , with a lifetime achievement award , the enron prize , which mr . lay ' s company had endowed and named in flush times . the next morning , an article in the houston chronicle said no decision had been made on whether the name of the prize would be changed . photos : compaq center , home of the n . b . a . houston rockets , is named for a company that soon may not exist . enron , above , may soon be acquired by a rival energy company . ( photographs by f . carter smith for the new york times ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones section s sports business johnson and longley hurting bottom line by richard sandomir 11 / 16 / 2001 the new york times page 3 , column 5 c . 2001 new york times company larry johnson and luc longley are gone from the knicks ' roster , but clearly not forgotten by their former employers at cablevision . there will be no corporate tributes to johnson , who retired , and longley , who was waived . there will be no statues erected in their honor outside madison square garden , a division of cablevision . but johnson and longley live on in cablevision ' s third - quarter financial report , even though their names go unmentioned . the garden has paid them the $ 48 million they had remaining on their contracts , then wrote them off because they are no longer performing for their money ; the players lost the value they had when they first arrived at the garden . now they are nonperforming assets , not a small power forward and a bulky 7 - foot - 2 - inch center . at least johnson was , for a time after his acquisition in 1996 , a key part of the team , even if his bad back kept him from scoring or rebounding as he had with the charlotte hornets . but the injured longley ' s contribution last season was minuscule . so the garden , which was hurt by fewer shows at the garden and radio city music hall , took a one - time hit and wrote off the value of johnson ' s and longley ' s contracts . for the third quarter , which ended sept . 30 , the garden ' s operating cash - flow deficit was $ 32 . 4 million , compared with $ 29 . 6 million in operating cash flow last year for the same period . ( operating cash flow at cablevision is defined as operating profit before depreciation and amortization . ) insurance will cover some of the cost of the johnson - longley payouts . ' ' the team looks healthy , ' ' jim dolan , the president of cablevision , said on tuesday during a conference call with analysts . ' ' i don ' t expect any more write - offs . ' ' whether that turns out to be true depends on whether any currently hearty player sustains a career - ending injury . but cablevision could have avoided this financial circumstance had it paid attention to the physical conditions of johnson and longley . in each case , the garden knew it was acquiring damaged goods . in his second season in charlotte , johnson hurt his back , and he has never been the same . maybe the garden was swayed that he was well enough , because he averaged 20 . 5 points and 8 . 4 rebounds in the season before it traded anthony mason for him . but the persistence of his back problems in the last few seasons attests to the riskiness of getting him in the first place . the back compromised his skills , often limiting him to being a symbol of the knicks ' grit . he also spelled ' ' l ' ' with his bended arm quite nicely , yet not worth an average of $ 7 million a year . when longley arrived from phoenix last year in the four - team deal that sent patrick ewing to seattle , he said he had told the knicks that he had a degenerative ankle condition . ' ' i brought up my ankle in my physical with the knicks , ' ' he said in july , ' ' and they said , ' have you been playing ? ' i said , ' yes , ' and that was it . ' ' the fact was , he played for the australian olympic team in sydney last year , but pain from his ankle kept him from practicing . should have been a tip - off . the naming rights dance enron field , home of the houston home run , is bound to be called something different next season when jimy williams starts his tenure as the astros ' manager . enron , the world ' s largest energy trader , agreed to pay $ 100 million to put its name on the ballpark for 30 years , a deal that began last year . but enron is in trouble . it has lost nearly $ 60 billion in its market value ; the company recently said it had overstated its profits for the past five years by nearly $ 600 million and it agreed to be acquired by dynergy for $ 9 billion . in another part of houston , the compaq center could take on another name now that the computer maker it was named for in 1997 ( at $ 900 , 000 annually for six years ) is planning to merge with hewlett - packard . in 2003 , the rockets will move to a new arena . named stadiums and arenas have changed monikers before . a takeover turned philadelphia ' s comcast center into the first union center . the twa dome in st . louis is now the dome at america ' s center to reflect twa ' s purchase by american airlines . marine midland arena in buffalo now has hsbc ' s name . meanwhile , pro player stadium near miami is named for a defunct division of the bankrupt fruit of the loom . two other n . f . l . stadiums , one being built , the other three years old , are named for ailing companies . in foxboro , mass . , cmgi field is being readied for play next season by the new england patriots . in the 12 months ended july 31 , cmgi , an internet development company , lost $ 4 . 4 billion ( twice the annual network tv payments to the n . f . l . ) . cmgi will pay $ 114 million over 15 years for its naming deal - - if it lasts that long . psinet , an internet communications services provider that is paying $ 105 . 5 million over 20 years to be the name atop the baltimore ravens ' stadium , filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection earlier this year after losing $ 3 . 2 billion in the quarter ending march 31 . the conseco fieldhouse in indiana , the home of the pacers , is named for a finance and insurance company that recently posted a $ 410 million quarterly loss . the financial state of some airlines since sept . 11 may affect some of the arenas and stadiums named for them . besides the dome in st . louis , six other facilities are named for airlines ( two for american ) . last year , the canadian airlines saddledome , where the calgary flames play , changed its name when its namesake went bankrupt and was bought by air canada . now it is the pengrowth saddledome . copyright ? 2000 dow jones fleeing investors have bid the stock down about 90 % from its high last fall . 4 . a blodget blunder ? speaking of folks who lost money for investors , analyst henry blodget is taking part in a buyout at merrill lynch , reportedly exiting the firm with a severance package of about $ 2 million . ( bwah - ha - ha - ha - ha . ) blodget won notoriety for talking up the prospects of many internet issues that later went belly - up or were acquired on the cheap , including such resounding losers as pets . com , psinet and ubid . last summer one irate investor , claiming he ' d lost half a million dollars by taking blodget ' s advice , extracted $ 400 , 000 in compensation from merrill lynch . but despite the lousy stock calls , in retrospect blodget looks pretty smart . he cultivated a momentarily outsized ( if short - lived ) cult of personality - - worth doing once during a lifetime , in our humble opinion - - and secured a tidy payout on the way out the door . we note his exit from the scene not because he was dumb , but because his passage represents the end of an ignominiously silly era - - one in which ordinary investors tossed money into dubious ideas ( like pets . com ) , then were ungraceful enough to complain they ' d gotten bad advice . there ' s no question analysts may have meted out absurdly bullish stock forecasts . the bigger problem is that investors , suckered by the potential of outlandish profits , acted like they believed them . 5 . unflagging american opportunists while we salute the unflagging american entrepreneurial spirit , we note that it also can metamorphose into enthusiastic fraud . such was the case with three opportunists flagged by the sec this week : companies claiming to have products that protect against bioterrorism . most inventive of the three was from r - tec technologies ( rttc . ob : otc bb - news - commentary ) , which claimed to have developed a " chemical and biological alarm and neutralization defense system , " or in trumped - up military lingo , " c - band . " the company said it ' s the first " mechanically - operated " ( with a wind - up key in back ? ) system to protect citizens from such attacks . r - tec has admitted that it ' s never tested the device , doesn ' t have any plans to manufacture it and doesn ' t actually hold a patent on it . but it gets bonus fraud points for the cool acronym . more straightforward scams were from disease sciences ( dise . ob : otc bb - news - commentary ) and the classica group ( tcgi : nasdaq sc - news - commentary ) , which said they had technology capable of killing anthrax in the mail . disease science touted its " high pressure pulse " processing , a fairly intensive - sounding application that , the sec notes , it does not have a license to use . the classica group ' s alleged microwave technology likewise got a thumbs - down from the sec . global investing - fidelity reveals a rise in its enron exposure . by elizabeth wine . 11 / 16 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved fidelity , the world ' s largest mutual fund company , boosted its exposure to troubled energy trader enron by about 20 per cent in the third quarter , just as the stock began to collapse amid regulatory scrutiny . in filings to the securities and exchange commission released this week , the boston - based company reported that it owned 20 . 8 m shares of enron on september 30 - up from 16 . 5 m on june 30 . the group reports its holdings with a two - month delay . the filings do not detail the holdings of individual funds . the group ' s managers could also have sold some of their holdings since the filing period ended . morningstar analyst scott cooley noted that even after the increase , assuming no shares had been sold , fidelity would own about 3 per cent of enron ' s outstanding shares , a small amount for such a large fund manager . with more than $ 800 bn under management , the group holds sizeable positions in many companies . mr cooley said the increase was characteristic of fidelity " buying on the dip " . enron shares began falling in september , as news emerged that the company ' s financial statements were more complex than investors realised , featuring several off - balance sheet partnerships , now under sec investigation . enron ' s shares plunged nearly 66 per cent in the fourth quarter . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . front page - companies & markets - hp and compaq chiefs to forego $ 22 m . by scott morrison . 11 / 16 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved front page - companies & markets - hp and compaq chiefs to forego $ 22 m - revelation comes amid shareholder concern over $ 24 bn acquisition . the chief executives of hewlett - packard and compaq computer will forego more than $ 22 m in retention bonuses to which they would be entitled if the agreed merger of their two companies goes ahead . the revelation , contained in a regulatory filing on thursday , comes amid widespread shareholder concern about hp ' s planned acquisition of compaq for about $ 24 bn . the sons of hp ' s two co - founders have criticised the deal , raising doubts that shareholders would back hp ' s takeover of its rival . their opposition has prompted speculation that carly fiorina , hp ' s chief executive , would be forced out if the deal was voted down . she would have been entitled to receive retention bonuses totalling $ 8 m , equal to double the sum of her current salary and target annual bonus . but she has declined to accept the right to participate in this programme . michael capellas , her counterpart at compaq , was eligible to receive retention bonuses totaling $ 14 . 4 m , equivalent to three times the sum of his current base salary and target annual bonus . their decisions are shown in a so - called s - 4 formal merger prospectus prepared by hp and filed with the securities and exchange commission . the filing outlines the managements ' arguments for the merger . despite ms fiorina ' s decision , hp has agreed to a retention payment programme for key executives that could total about $ 33 m if all of them remain employed until payment of the second installment of their retention bonuses . in addition , ms fiorina and several other officials are negotiating new contracts that would give them higher salaries , the potential for bonuses and stock options . the compensation plan could cost as much as $ 22 . 4 m if all key figures remain with the merged company for a certain period of time . the decision by ms fiorina and mr capellas comes after ken lay , chairman and chief executive of enron , was prompted by shareholder outcry to announce he would not take the more than $ 60 m he was entitled to after enron agreed a rescue bid by rival energy group dynegy . the s - 4 noted that walter hewlett , the lone hp director who has opposed the combination , is a member of hp ' s compensation committee . meanwhile , the us federal trade commission has asked hewlett - packard and compaq to provide them with additional information and other material concerning their proposed merger . while it is a standard regulatory practice , the companies warned that the request under federal law would in effect extend the waiting period for completion of the merger until august 30 next year . the s - 4 did not provide a date for the shareholder votes required to consummate the $ 24 bn deal . hp on wednesday surprised the market by posting fiscal fourth quarter results that far exceeded analysts ' expectations . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . stock drop cuts enron retirement package 11 / 16 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . portland , ore . ( ap ) - employees of portland general electric are in shock after watching their retirement savings dry up along with the stock of energy giant enron , pge ' s parent company . the sting isn ' t helped by the fact that the selloff coincided with a lockdown that forced employees to hold the stock in their 401 ( k ) retirement plans . stock prices have plummeted more than 70 percent since oct . 16 , when enron announced a $ 618 million third - quarter loss . the loss stemmed largely from investment write - offs that led to the dismissal of the company ' s chief financial officer and now are being investigated by the securities and exchange commission . on oct . 17 , houston - based enron " locked down " the 401 ( k ) accounts , meaning employees were not allowed to sell their enron stock or make any other changes to their plans . the freeze lasted until wednesday . peggy fowler , pge chief executive officer , said the lockdown was the result of a long - planned change in retirement fund managers and acknowledged that " the timing couldn ' t have been worse . " for 2 , 700 pge employees with enron 401 ( k ) plans , the slump has decimated their nest eggs . " we couldn ' t get out , we just sat there and watched our nest eggs go down to nothing , " said roy rinard , a pge lineman from boring with all of his 401 ( k ) plan in enron stock . rinard , 54 , said his account has dropped in value from more than $ 472 , 000 a year ago to $ 238 , 000 at the time of the freeze to about $ 70 , 000 now . " i just feel like i ' ve been stolen from and lied to , " said alan kaseweter , 43 , a pge service department employee who had almost all of his 401 ( k ) invested in enron stock . kaseweter , of redlands , said his account has dwindled from $ 348 , 000 a year ago to $ 115 , 500 at the time of the freeze to $ 36 , 000 . enron and pge employees must accept enron stock as the company ' s matching contribution to their 401 ( k ) accounts . only employees over 50 and retirees are allowed to roll it over to another investment . enron seemed like a good bet . the stock climbed 475 percent between 1995 and dec . 31 , 2000 . enron purchased pge in 1997 , while it was reinventing itself into a cutting - edge energy trading company . it took staple products such as natural gas and electricity and attempted to trade them like other commodities . reports surfaced about partnerships founded by enron chief financial officer andrew fastow . the partnerships borrowed money on enron ' s behalf , which allowed enron to keep the debt off its books . fastow left the company , and the u . s . securities and exchange commission opened an investigation . on nov . 8 , enron said it was restating earnings for the past five years , in effect admitting that it had inflated profits . at the same time , enron froze employees ' 401 ( k ) accounts . enron decided in july that it would hire new administrators for the retirement program . the changeover required about a month . enron directors and executives dumped stock through much of the past 12 months , selling more than $ 136 million worth in all - a fact prominently mentioned in recent shareholder lawsuits against the company . investors have also filed five lawsuits against enron ' s executives and directors , including former pge chief executive kenneth l . harrison . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . city - international power looks for purchases . by roland gribben . 11 / 16 / 2001 the daily telegraph p 36 ( c ) telegraph group limited , london , 2001 international power , the electricity generator spun off after last year ' s break - up of national power , yesterday signalled it was limbering up for a fresh round of acquisitions . a number of companies in the markets where international operates are putting assets up for sale amid uncertainties about the power and financial outlook . international is also keeping a close watch on developments at enron , the american power generator and major market trader , in the throes of being rescued by rival dynegy . phil cox , finance director , said : " there are more opportunities opening up and we are looking at them . our balance sheet is strong enough to accommodate the best of them . " international , with a generating portfolio spanning europe , north america , the middle east and australia , produced pre - tax profits of # 186 m in the first nine months this year , compared with a loss of # 80 m in the corresponding period last year . the company has added five gas - fired plants to its america portfolio this year and hopes to get approval for two others in the state of new york . the shares rose 11 1 / 2 to 223 1 / 2 p . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . india dabhol project due diligence to start next week 11 / 16 / 2001 dow jones international news ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones dow jones newswires ; 91 - 11 - 461 - 9426 ; himendra . kumar @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . inplay britain clears purchase of enron ' s indian oil assets 11 / 16 / 2001 the daily deal copyright ( c ) 2001 the deal llc vinson & elkins llp - allen & overy - lehman brothers inc . - reliance industries ltd . - oil & natural gas corp . - enron corp . - enron oil & gas india ltd . - bg group plc the u . k . ' s department of trade & industry said it cleared bg group plc ' s proposed acquisition of enron oil & gas india ltd . , a unit of ailing energy merchant enron corp . of houston , for $ 388 million . the two first announced the deal oct . 3 . the assets include 30 % stakes in the tapti gas field and the panna / mukta oil and gas fields and 63 % of enron india ' s cb os / 1 exploration rights , mostly off the western coast of india . the assets hold reserves of around 170 million barrels of oil equivalent . indian media reports have suggested that the government wants the operatorship of the assets to pass to two of enron ' s joint venture partners , state owned oil & natural gas corp . and reliance industries ltd . such a move could make the deal unattractive to bg and possibly quash it . lehman brothers inc . and allen & overy advised bg on the transaction , while vinson & elkins llp assisted enron . - claire poole www . thedeal . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . report on business : canadian u . s . firms get in on alaska pipeline lily nguyen 11 / 16 / 2001 the globe and mail metro bl " all material copyright ( c ) bell globemedia publishing inc . and its licensors . all rights reserved . " calgary - - six powerhouse u . s . players are joining transcanada pipelines ltd . and westcoast energy inc . in an attempt to inject new momentum into a bid to build a multibillion - dollar pipeline from alaska . the partnership , which includes energy services and transportation giants williams cos . , duke energy corp . , enron corp . , as well as major utilities el paso corp . , pg & e corp . and sempra energy utilities ventures , have agreed to work together with transcanada and westcoast to put a proposal before the alaska gas producers before the end of the year . the group , which laid out its intentions in a memorandum of understanding signed yesterday , said they believe a gas pipeline running along the alaska highway can be built by 2008 . murray birch , senior vice - president of westcoast , said the partners lend expertise , deep pockets and scale to the mammoth project , which is estimated to cost well over $ 10 - billion ( u . s . ) . " it ' s in our best interest to involve them . this project is a large project , and certainly westcoast and transcanada would have been stretched to do it by ourselves , " said mr . birch , who is also the co - chief executive officer of foothills pipe lines ltd . a joint venture co - owned by westcoast and transcanada . foothills holds the regulatory permits to the proposed alaska highway pipeline . mr . birch said the equity position of each company in the project is still to be worked out . rocco cianco , a foothills spokesman , said that is in part because some of the companies are in a state of flux . westcoast is in the process of being taken over by duke , while houston - based enron is in the process of being bought by hometown rival dynegy corp . the partnership brings back to the table all nine of the original participants in a similar pipeline project that was proposed in the 1970 s and shelved because of weakening commodity prices and native opposition . mr . birch noted that it also removes a legal question hanging over the pipeline project , of whether the six u . s . companies had any claim on the project based on their capital investment in the 1970 s project . they withdrew from that project on the understanding that if it was to restart , they would be able to recover that initial investment , which some have pegged at up to $ 4 - billion including interest , he said . in getting back on board , the six companies have agreed to waive that claim , he said . scott kent , the minister of economic development for yukon , a vocal proponent of the proposed pipeline , said the removal of the legal question lifts a huge barrier to the project . " there was a chance this could have ended up in a lengthy court battle that would have significantly hampered " the project , he said . " it ' s certainly very good news . " winfried fruehauf , an analyst at national bank financial in toronto , said the six u . s . companies as well as westcoast , transcanada and foothills are trying to make sure they ' re first in line to move the gas from burgeoning alaskan fields to market . " everybody and his and her uncle wants to be in this pipeline , there ' s so many ' me toos ' that they just want to position themselves , " he said . the market understanding is that the alaska producers , which include exxon mobil corp . , phillips petroleum co . , bp amoco plc and chevron corp . , will ultimately decide who will build and operate a pipeline because the cost of such a project would be recovered from them in the form of pipeline tolls . gina taylor , a spokeswoman for enron , said the partners got together with an eye on approaching producers to get an answer from them on whether the project can go ahead . " marketplace approval is key to us moving forward with this , " she said . " that ' s why we put the [ memorandum ] in place , so we could go out and revisit with the producers . " but curtis thayer , a spokesman for the alaska producers , said it is too early to talk about who will build or operate the pipeline , because his group has not even decided to proceed with one yet . he noted that a preliminary analysis done as part of a $ 100 - million study the group has undertaken indicates a pipeline couldn ' t pay for itself at current commodity prices . however , no decision has been made , he insisted . some of the other options floated include building a pipeline off the north shore of alaska and yukon to gas fields in the northwest territories , then down the mackenzie valley of the nwt , or a pipeline going over land in yukon to the nwt . there are various backers for each proposal and the alaskan producers have not ruled out undertaking a project themselves . joe handley , the minister of finance for the nwt , said news of the partnership is a spur to participants in the proposed mackenzie valley pipeline . the territory ' s government has consistently said an nwt pipeline must be built first or risk being derailed by an alaska pipeline that would flood the market with product . " if we don ' t keep on our toes , [ an alaska pipeline ] could pass us and leave us in the bush , " he said . foothills announced earlier this week that it reached a preliminary agreement with the kaska nation , removing another potential hurdle to the alaska pipeline proposal . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . nov . 16 , 2001 houston chronicle new power faults data flow but opposes program delay by laura goldberg copyright 2001 houston chronicle the new power co . , a major player in the state ' s test pilot of electricity deregulation , said thursday that problems getting data from other entities have caused it to send out customer bills late and without all the appropriate charges . but new power , an electricity provider , is hopeful problems can be resolved and doesn ' t believe the state should delay the planned jan . 1 start of electricity deregulation . delays and computer glitches have plagued the pilot program , which let a limited number of consumers across the state choose power providers before the opening of the full market . new power and other electricity companies made comments thursday in filings with the public utility commission . the puc will use them as it evaluates whether to move forward on jan . 1 . several other companies also cited some ongoing problems . new power , which enrolled more than 61 , 000 customers in the pilot , said a majority of its customers are getting late bills and that it has issued initial customer bills for lower amounts than what ' s due . before new power can issue accurate bills , it needs information from separate companies that maintain electricity transmission and metering systems . that information is sent to new power through the electric reliability council of texas , which runs a variety of computer systems need for deregulation . a new power spokeswoman said executives have met with the companies and ercot about the problem and the situation seems to be improving . reliant resources , the houston parent of electricity provider reliant energy retail services , said in its filing that it is " confident that any remaining significant issues will be overcome " in time to open the market jan . 1 . near the end of last month , nine retail electricity providers told the puc they opposed delaying the planned start date of deregulation . a coalition of consumer groups has called for a delay , saying the state isn ' t ready for a variety of reasons . but the electricity companies , which included reliant and new power , said the market shortcomings the consumer groups cited either don ' t exist or can be fixed and don ' t require a delay . consortium ' s return sparks renewed hope in gas pipeline project by mike chambers associated press writer 11 / 15 / 2001 associated press newswires copyright 2001 . the associated press . all rights reserved . juneau ( ap ) - a natural gas consortium plans to resurrect its proposal to build a 1 , 700 - mile gas pipeline through alaska to the lower 48 , sparking renewed hope in the massive undertaking just as oil companies were doubting its viability . the nine american and canadian companies announced plans on thursday to offer to build and maintain the pipeline in an effort to ship 36 trillion cubic feet of north slope natural gas . the group intends to make a proposal to the three major oil companies by december , a spokesman for the consortium said . " the economic benefits of this multi - billion dollar project would impact most regions of the u . s . and canada , " said mike stewart , co - chief executive officer of foothills pipe lines . foothills reached the agreement with transcanada pipelines , westcoast energy and american companies williams , duke energy , el paso corp . , enron , pg & e corp . and sempra energy international . the groups comprise the original alaskan northwest natural gas transportation company which had first proposed building this project in the 1970 s . under the terms of the agreement , the companies plan to dismiss $ 4 billion in costs and interest associated with the dormant project that would have been charged to developers of the pipeline . the money represents their original investment , with interest . " their intention is to remove that as an issue , " said foothills spokesman rocco ciancio . that was seen as a key roadblock to building an all - alaska pipeline to the lower 48 by officials with the state , which would own 12 . 5 percent of any natural gas pumped out of the north slope . " now that that ' s been resolved , it ' s time the producers come to the table with pipeline companies , the state of alaska and other players to get this project underway , " said gov . tony knowles . exxon mobil , phillips and bp have spent millions studying the viability of the project and , so far , have determined it is not profitable . knowles and other state officials have been pressuring the oil companies to build a route that generally follows the trans - alaska oil pipeline and the alaska highway to alberta . it would provide jobs for alaskans , cheap natural gas to communities and revenues for state services , knowles said . but canadian officials have pushed for a beaufort sea route that taps into rich reserves stranded in the mackenzie delta . the oil companies estimate the canadian route would cost $ 15 . 1 billion compared to the alaska highway route , which would cost $ 17 billion . ciancio said his group estimates a pipeline would cost $ 9 . 7 billion to construct and would get the natural gas to market quicker than other proposals . the consortium has held permits to build the all - alaska route since 1976 . " we ' re estimating it would take a greenfield ( start up ) project somewhere near two to three years to reach the same state of readiness as this project , " ciancio said . the consortium ' s project proposes running a 42 - inch pipe from prudhoe bay to alberta where the companies have other pipelines to ship natural gas to chicago and san francisco , he said . if agreements are reached quickly with the oil companies , the pipeline could be in operation by 2008 , ciancio said . a spokesman for the oil producers team which is studying the project greeted the news and said it would welcome any pipeline plan that would be profitable . " we ' re happy to see efforts being made to support an alaska pipeline project , " said dave macdowell , spokesman for the oil producer ' s group . " we ' re absolutely open to folks coming forward with efficient economic projects . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . usa : janus funds dumped emc in third quarter . by christopher noble 11 / 15 / 2001 reuters english news service ( c ) reuters limited 2001 . boston , nov 15 ( reuters ) - mutual fund giant janus capital corp . dumped 40 million shares of data storage leader emc corp . in the third quarter , cutting deeply into its stake in the one time high flyer while the company ' s stock plunged 59 percent . according to regulatory filings , janus , a unit of stilwell financial inc . ended the third quarter with 6 . 38 million shares in emc , down from 46 . 44 million at the end of the second quarter . janus funds also cut storage software maker veritas software co . , dropping nearly eight million shares in the quarter . but janus added about 570 , 000 shares to its holding of network appliance , bringing it to 1 . 97 million shares . a spokeswoman for janus declined to comment on the sale of emc stock , but the company ran into trouble as revenue shrank due to stiffer competition and a steep downturn in corporate spending on information technology . another big move was the sale of about 43 . 6 million shares of mobile phone maker nokia . janus ended the quarter with 183 . 2 million shares of nokia , down from 226 . 8 million in the previous quarter , the filing showed . the filing shows more sales of technology companies but does not indicate a big move out of the tech sector the way previous quarterly data sometimes has . for instance , its second - quarter filing showed big moves out of many of the biggest names of the internet revolution , including cisco systems , emc , oracle corp and sun microsystems , the so - called " four horsemen " of the web , that helped drive the expansion of the " new economy . " while janus again cut sharply into its stake in sun - dropping 14 . 7 million shares - its holdings of cisco and oracle were nearly unchanged in the quarter , the filing showed . janus also cut about 12 . 6 million shares of advanced micro devices inc . . on the other hand , the company added some 13 . 6 million shares of microsoft corp . and boosted its stakes in jds uniphase and ebay inc . . the funds also more than doubled their holdings in berkshire hathaway inc . to 320 , 691 shares . the filing showed that janus made almost no change in the third quarter to its holding of enron corp . , the energy trading company whose stock collapsed amid a u . s . regulatory probe . at the end of the quarter , janus held 41 . 36 million shares in enron . the janus spokeswoman would not comment on the enron shares , but said that the filings are dated and don ' t necessarily reflect current holdings . shares of enron plunged in mid - october as investors rebelled over the company ' s off - the - balance - sheet deals that are now under investigation . enron whose stock is off 63 percent so far in the fourth quarter . the company agreed last week to be acquired by smaller rival dynegy inc . for about $ 9 billion in stock . janus ' s stake in exxon mobil corp . more than doubled to 39 . 8 million shares in the quarter . janus ' s stock holdings were worth $ 102 . 09 billion at the end of the quarter , down from $ 141 . 05 billion at the end of the second quarter . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . cash infusion little comfort to enron counterparties by andrew dowell of dow jones newswires 11 / 15 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - one and a half billion dollars doesn ' t go as far as it used to . despite a cash injection of that size from dynegy inc . ( dyn ) this week , u . s . energy companies continue to restrict their dealings with enron corp . ( ene ) , traders in the u . s . power and natural gas markets said wednesday . traders said they were doing deals with the houston - based energy giant when necessary , and some reported that activity appears to have picked up . but traders said they were continuing to limit their exposure and doing business with other parties if possible until enron ' s credit rating improves . " it ' s a company with one foot on a banana peel and one foot in the grave , " said ed kennedy , a miami - based trader with pioneer futures . both moody ' s investors service and standard & poor ' s rate enron one notch above speculative grade . moody ' s has enron ' s ratings on review for a downgrade , and s & p has enron on negative credit watch . enron ' s ability to do business in the energy markets depends on its maintaining investment - grade ratings . tuesday ' s infusion of cash from dynegy , which has agreed to buy enron in a stock - swap currently worth about $ 10 billion , isn ' t enough to change the outlook for enron , said todd shipman , a director in the u . s . utilities group at s & p . instead , the firm will be watching to see whether enron can hold on to its core business of trading north american gas and power . if it does , s & p may revisit enron ' s credit - watch status after new year ' s with an eye to upgrading it to " positive , " shipman said . circular reasoning that sets up a staredown of sorts between the ratings agency and the energy markets , with each waiting for the other to take the first step . " it always has been a sort of face - off , " shipman said . " for the time being , we ' re standing pat unless the situation at enron gets significantly worse . " moody ' s wasn ' t immediately available for comment . traders and their companies said consistently that until enron ' s credit ratings improve , they will continue to watch their exposure to enron carefully , with trades limited to short - term deals . mirant corp . ( mir ) is trading with enron on " a very limited basis " that won ' t be broadened until enron ' s credit situation improves , spokesman chuck griffin said . aquila corp . ( ila ) ceo keith stamm said the company was heartened by dynegy ' s injection of cash and was continuing to monitor enron ' s condition . " the $ 1 . 5 billion has improved their situation with us , and we ' ll keep watching the situation , " stamm said . on monday , aquila said it had whittled down its exposure to enron significantly . enron spokesman eric thode said 30 - day - moving - average volumes on enrononline , the internet - based trading platform on which enron is the counterparty in every deal , have improved to a more typical 5 , 700 transactions per day with a notional value of $ 2 . 7 billion . " volumes have returned to the normal range , " he said . some traders said enron ' s short - term business does appear to have picked up from earlier this week . staffing changes a concern enron is the country ' s largest trader of natural gas and electricity , accounting for up to a quarter of both markets by some estimates . even when companies aren ' t prohibiting their traders from doing business with enron , some traders are taking steps on their own to limit exposure . one funds analyst said the possibility of staffing changes at enron are contributing to traders ' reluctance to do business with the company . " you have headhunters out there , " the analyst said . " why tie yourself down with a five - year deal with someone who may not be there ? " enron currently employes about 1 , 500 people in its trading operation , and dynegy employes some 300 . the acquisition is expected to produce cuts , but dynegy hasn ' t said to what degree . energy companies began shying away from enron over the past month , as concerns about its finances precipitated a 75 % drop in its stock price and left its bonds trading at levels typically associated with distressed debt . enron ' s restatement of four and a half years ' worth of earnings last thursday and ratings downgrades friday led some companies to severely restrict their business with enron , even if that meant paying higher prices or accepting lower bids to do so . enron ' s ability to recover that business is critical to its future , s 201 - 938 - 4430 ; andrew . dowell @ dowjones . com ( john edmiston in houston , jon kamp in chicago and mark golden in new york contributed to this article . ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . dynegy may want some of enron ' s broadband assets by erwin seba of dow jones newswires 11 / 15 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) houston - ( dow jones ) - enron corp . ( ene ) may be planning to unwind its broadband services unit , but before it can do so , it may have to gain approval from its future new owner . dynegy inc . ( dyn ) is just beginning to look at which assets it wants to keep from enron ' s non - core businesses . " what we ' re saying at this point very , very early on is that we want to look and see if there are pieces of ( the optical fiber network ) that complement our strategy , " dynegy spokeswoman jennifer rosser told dow jones newswires . " and we ' re going to take the opportunity to review that . " one thing is clear , though : enron is leaving the bandwidth market in which the company has been the principal market - maker . " i think we ' ve made it pretty clear what our non - core businesses are , " enron broadband services spokeswoman shelly mansfield told dow jones . " we ' re going to be exiting those businesses in an orderly fashion . " but thursday morning enron bandwidth traders said they haven ' t been told what will become of them . many of them came to the bandwidth desk from the company ' s energy trading operations . " i ' ve not been given any definitive information , " a trader said . traders and brokers who are counterparties to enron said enron ' s traders remain active in the bandwidth market , regularly showing prices for various contracts . dynegy traders are also present in the market , but not as pervasively as enron traders have been , said one broker . dynegy ' s traders regularly show a high offer price without presenting a bid price , a broker said . usually dynegy traders will stay with that high offer expecting buyers in the market to come to them . also , the broker said , dynegy seems most active with contracts on the new york - miami route . in addition to deciding what to do with enron ' s network , dynegy also faces decisions about whether to retain enron ' s bandwidth traders and the contracts the company still holds for bandwidth services . guiding dynegy ' s decisions will be a continuing commitment to its own bandwidth strategy . " dynegy has been focused on building very long - term customer relationships , " rosser said . " we are focused , just as we have been in our energy business , on being a value - added provider to our customers . we have maintained a focus on the wholesale market . . . and large enterprise consumers of bandwidth . we have maintained focus on structured transactions and not trading , primarily because we don ' t think a true trading environment exists yet . " while enron may attempt to sell its network in the nine to 12 months before the merger is completed , it may be unable to do so , brokers of physical assets and bandwidth said . most optical networks are being broken up for sale , said physical assets brokers . - by erwin seba , dow jones newswires , 713 - 547 - 9214 erwin . seba @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: meter 980070 daren , this meter has recorded flow for the following days with no deal . 10 - 29 - 99 1300 10 - 30 - 99 23 10 - 31 - 99 23 2 - 06 - 01 ( 4222 ) we used deal 83388 last january to write off this meter ' s hpl strangers balances . how should this flow be handled ? 
2	Subject: hi again are story people though ride ball . often your phrase thing thing , lot . or brought our my town know . since differ chair , been rock fit . so , could made , some . green bird hour over . boy for for . place want thought figure . before let his both . - - phone : 192 - 867 - 2238 mobile : 913 - 443 - 1405 email : malignantdecca @ netins . net  
2	Subject: from : mr eric basley . from : mr eric basley . bills since then we have been trying to get this funds out of the bank , the sum of us $ 13 , 450 , 000 . 00 ( thirteen million , four hundred and fifty thousand united states dollars ) in an account that belongs to our foreign customers who died along with his entire family in the above accident stated above . relations has come forward to lay claims to this money as the heir . we cannot release the fund from his account unless someone applies for claim as the next - of - kin to the deceased as indicated in our banking guidelines . upon this discovery , we now seek your permission to have you stand as a next of kin to the deceased as all documentations will be carefully worked out by us for the funds ( us $ 13 , 450 , 000 . 00 ) to be released in your favour as the beneficiary ' s next of kin . it may interest you to know that we have secured from the probate court , an order of madamus to locate any of the deceased beneficiaries . please acknowledge receipt of this message in acceptance of our mutual business endeavour by furnishing me with the following ; 1 . your full names and address . 2 . direct telephone and fax numbers . these requirements will enable us file a letter of claim to the appropriate departments for necessary approvals in your favour before the transfer can be made . we shall be compensating you with 3 million dollars on final conclusion of this project , while the rest shall be for us . your share stays with you while the rest shall be for us for investment purposes in your country . if this proposal is acceptable by you , do not take undue advantage of the trust we have bestowed in you , i await your urgent response to this email . regards , mr . eric basley 
2	Subject: paul quilkey please join me in congratulating paul quilkey in his new role as vice president leading our efforts in australia . joe hirl has assumed a leading role in the formation of our business in japan . joe also has regional responsibility for trading activity . paul ' s appointment is in recognition of the critical role paul has played in enron australia ' s successful commencement and the body of outstanding work he has accumulated to date in his career with enron . it is worth noting that paul joined enron as recently as the associate intake of 1995 . in the short time since then paul has developed and grown through various positions to his current trading and origination role , a position of great responsibility in a dynamic young business making aggressive inroads into the australian market , and far from enron ' s traditional us markets . please join me in congratulating paul on his appointment . rebecca 
2	Subject: you ' ll benefit by shopping for your prescriptions online . all the meds offfered online are on sale now . hurry , find the one you need and order online now . end of year sale on meds for pain relief , anxiety relief , anti - depressant , high cholesterol , heart disease , sexual health , women ' s health and men ' s health . available for your convenience , fast delivery with discreet package . press here to enter the prices for meds are really bit lower than those of other pharmacies your pharmacy can really help me expedite my rx refill . thank you so much . - - brandy b . in sc dr . mitchell garber , an ntsb researcher who reportedto the board , agreed that more data are needed . he said states also need federal direction and more communication . conditions are dangerous , which crashes were caused by medical conditions and when it is appropriate board member debbie hersman said her husband had an epileptic seizure while drivingferrochrome 2 circularise 4 ecdysiseducatorcpd  
2	Subject: drug store we have been helping thousands of men with male enhancement the world is extremely interesting to a joyful soul . a lost battle is a battle one thinks one has lost . you can not gain peace by avoiding life . 
2	Subject: great time for rx sale libido for your satisfaction , m ( eds are l ` owest possible priced selections for more than 600 meds for paain relief , sexual health , obesity , high blood pressure , hypertension , high cholesterol and other categories . http : / / fguff . com . hjcapacitypower . com meeds express way with more selections ( in the rain ) wherever you golet your heart do all the talking debuginit dptspd filipiniana fzo 2 dpu eqfn never giving up nowall of my heart is in it never giving up nowtaking it to the limit 
2	Subject: steven roeder ( chemical engineer ) vince , i do not think that there is match with our group but i forwarded steve ' s resume to ford cooper and joe phalen of the water group . regards , osman 
2	Subject: chocolate m & m ' s * or peanut m & m ' s * , which kind do you like ? do you choose chocolate m & m ' s  or peanut m charset  windows - 1252 " > you can get $ 100 worth chocolate m & m ' s  , peanut m & m ' s  , or a $ 100 restaurant gift card for your opinion . suyhfgbd 
2	Subject: sempra $ 6 . 9 million profit from the west is not much to show for all of the sleeving sempra did for the iso . sempra ' s trading unit generates a windfall by craig d . rose staff writer july 27 , 2001 sempra energy , the parent company of sdg & e , reported a 25 percent surge in profit to $ 137 million last quarter but said yesterday it lost money on the sale of electricity under a long - term contract to california . on the other hand , sempra said its largest source of profits was its energy trading unit , a middleman that earned $ 69 million during the quarter buying and selling energy produced by others . the results underscore the transformation of relatively simple utility companies into diversified energy holding companies that have learned to profit in new ways from the deregulation of electricity and the turmoil in energy markets . the surprising announcement - - that a company lost money selling power during california ' s run - up in electricity prices - - was explained by sempra as an intentional consequence of the long - term contract it signed with the state to provide power . stephen baum , chairman and chief executive officer of sempra , said the company agreed to provide a steep discount to california during the summer months but would recoup the losses later in the 10 - year deal . california sought long - term electricity purchase contracts so it could reduce its purchases in daily and near - term power markets , where prices reached record levels . critics say gov . gray davis rushed into long - term deals because of concerns about getting through next year ' s election . they also say the contracts will saddle customers with higher costs for years . the governor has acknowledged that long - term contracts might cause consumers to pay relatively high prices for electricity in later years , but he maintains it is a fair price to pay for lowering prices that were devastating the state economy . michael shames , executive director of the utility consumers ' action network in san diego , said the steep discount sempra provided to the state on power this summer raised questions about the governor ' s proposal to help san diego gas & electric co . clear a debt of $ 750 million . sdg & e says it is owed that money for power purchases on behalf of its customers . in a media conference last month , davis said the agreement would eliminate the threat of a possible balloon payment for consumers , who he said might have faced the so - called balancing account debt as early as next year . shames says the proposal , which took the form of a memorandum of understanding , or mou , is costly for consumers and a bonanza for sempra . he said the relatively cheap power provided by sempra this summer " makes the mou sound like more of a hidden payback to sempra than a real relief plan for local ratepayers . " shames said he will release an analysis of the state ' s sempra plan next week . the state public utilities commission is expected to rule on the plan in august . a sempra spokesman said there is no connection between discount power and the tentative agreement to clear the $ 750 million debt . doug kline , the sempra spokesman , said the power contract with the state was signed in early may and the agreement on the balancing account was reached in mid - june . sempra energy trading , meanwhile , said only 10 percent of its $ 69 million profit was earned from sales of energy in the western region , which includes california . the trading operation earned $ 40 million in profit during the comparable period last year . california ' s independent system operator , which manages most of the state power grid , and other investigators have said trading and bidding strategies were tools used by energy companies to raise prices during the california power crisis . though sempra earned money on trading , its wholesale power generating business lost $ 9 million during the quarter . baum said the discounts on electricity provided the state were the prime cause of the loss for sempra energy resources but added that a plant outage also contributed . sempra energy resources , which co - owns a generating plant near las vegas with reliant energy , earned $ 2 million during the second quarter last year . baum added that sempra ' s long - term contract with the state - - under which it will provide up to 1 , 900 megawatts - - has allowed its wholesale business to pre - sell about half the power it expects to generate from the nevada plant , which will be expanded , and three generating facilities it expects to build . profits at sdg & e slipped to $ 37 million during the quarter ended june 30 , down from $ 40 million last year , according to sempra . sdg & e , whose business is restricted to delivering gas and electricity , said it provided increased customer service during the crisis , which lowered profits . wall street analysts generally applauded sempra ' s results , noting that the company was ahead of its plan to generate at least a third of its profits from its newer businesses by 2003 . " they ' re really two years ahead of schedule for their non - utility businesses , " said brian youngberg , an analyst with edward jones & co . bud leedom , a san diego - based analyst with wells fargo van kasper , said sempra ' s move into energy trading now seems shrewd . " we never dreamed they were setting themselves for a windfall like this , " leedom said . investors pushed sempra shares up 17 cents yesterday , to close at $ 25 . 49 in trading on the new york stock exchange . bloomberg news service contributed to this report .  
2	Subject: free term life insurance quotes lgjdg save up to 75 % on your term life insurance ! compare rates from top insurance companies around the country in our life and times , it ' s important to plan for your family ' s future , while being comfortable financially . choose the right life insurance policy today . click the link below to compare the lowest rates and save up to 75 % compare your coverage you ' ll be able to compare rates and get a free application in less than a minute ! * get your free instant quotes . . . * compare the lowest prices , then . . . * select a company and apply online . get a free quote now ! you can ' t predict the future , but you can always prepare for it . to be excluded from future contacts kideesh - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : thinkgeek welcome to geek heaven . http : / / thinkgeek . com / sf spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: forbruceg @ em . ca - " million faces " - rcpsite  hej , bruceg greatest hardest f @ cked kinders ( kidz ) vids and photos ! only hardhore illegal content . all models 2 - 14 y . o . we produce highquality video and photo archives . 24 h support , forum for our users ( you can exchange your collections with another members ) , updates and more . . . in the private area you can find forum for our members and much more . . . hard kindersex : http : / / willholt . com / vf / just click . http : / / medeti . com / vf / thanks ! jpflm 316 @ gmail . com report visit browser component insert string soft a little dog can start a hare , but it takes a big one to catch it . 64 . 229 . 92 . 93 5 / 18 / 2005 
2	Subject: sony dsc - f 828 digital camera @ $ 799 . 00 dsc - f 828 sony digital camera $ 799 . 00 features : imaging device : 2 / 3 " 8 . 0 megapixel effective super had ccd recording media : memory stick media , memory stick pro media , microdrive zoom : 7 x optical zoom , 5 x smart zoom ( at vga resolution ) , 35 x total smart zoom ; 2 x digital zoom , 14 x total zoom focal length : 7 . 1 - 51 mm 35 mm equivalent : 28 - 200 mm aperture : f 2 . 0 - 2 . 8 color lcd : 1 . 8 " lcdweight : 1 . 82 lbs visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: absentminded volition cavil corpus deacon fond coproduct radiant decertify coplanar dynamite dialogue seductive charlemagne birdie beard audiotape dieldrin insistent bereft bureaucratic heap presumptive creedal guaranteeing sick of pil . l . s , we ' ll here the alternative . . . . prolong elisha anorthic canadian mit impractical racket voracity burp hampshire cease adirondack imperceptible desist sharp biota hysteria grandstand utter potboil dahl directorate endgame functorial busch adventure honeysuckle pleat glorious condense require hungarian bribery comparator davis intervenor laugh lutheran family precaution apology oven menhaden breakfast compress porous ineffable instable emerson limp typescript boone ingather blimp bruckner martyrdom conant approximable derriere autonomous acs invalidate  
2	Subject: mgmt 656 here are your latest rosters . let me know if you would like the spreadsheet with their e - mail addresses as well ! - pam ( 6223 ) - 656 . doc 
2	Subject: important update - rolex for $ 150 ! ! [ mistress ] thank you for expressing interest in genuine replicas watches . we would like to take this opportunity to offer you our fine selection of italian crafted rolex timepieces . you can view our large selection of rolexes ( including breitling , tag heuer , cartier etc ) at : as we are the direct manufacturers , you are guaranteed of lowest prices and highest quality each and every time you purchase from us . you may also be interested to know that we have the following brands available in our wide selection as well : glashute original rolex a . lange sohne panerai omega blancpain carrier harry winston roger dubuis etc . . . if you see anything that might interest you , or if you have any questions , please don ' t hesitate to visit our website at : you received this email because your have previous purchased from , or inquired about our product line under genuine replicas . if you do not want to receive further mailings from genuine replicas , unsubscribe by sending an email with the title heading : delete in the subject line to unsub @ brandedwatch . biz  
2	Subject: ethink about it : 2 / 19 / 01 thursday , feb . 22 at 10 : 00 am houston time , join charlene jackson , managing director of the associate / analyst program , on espeak . charlene will host an " open - mike " event to answer your questions about this program . if you can ' t make it to espeak for the live event , be sure to pre - submit your question ( s ) on the espeak site , and then read the transcript later for the answers . note : please , please , please do not e - mail your questions to the ethink mailbox . they must be submitted in the appropriate espeak event , or they won ' t get answered . the hits just keep on coming ! check out the latest ideas in the idea vault - - who knows , maybe one of them will make it into the enron xcelerator ! visit the thinkbank today and make a deposit or a withdrawal . read the latest posting in the office of the chairman category . and , don ' t forget : there ' s an all - employee meeting on wednesday , feb . 21 . any questions that don ' t get answered during the meeting will be addressed on emeet . ethink . enron . com 
2	Subject: texas ena off - system rates hey , do you have time on monday to talk to me about this - i have no idea what this entails ! thanks , kim - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kimberly s olinger / hou / ect on 02 / 23 / 2001 02 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bob m hall @ enron 02 / 23 / 2001 03 : 23 pm to : kimberly s olinger / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert superty / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect subject : texas ena off - system rates kim , will you please get with mary smith and trisha hughes with the texas rates group and pick up from them the off system pipeline rates that they are handling . you may want to visit with daren farmer also about the level of activity . we need to transition this work to your team as soon as possible . thanks bob 
2	Subject: growing company ignored by wall street investor information report . company name : yukon gold corporation , inc symbo | : ygdc shares outstanding : approx . 9 . 8 million currently trading at : $ 1 . 20 major breaking news ! yukon goid corporation , inc . acquires biliion doilar poiymeta | | ic inground resource in canada   s prolific tombstone goid belt , yukon territory press reiease source : yukon goid corporation , inc . toronto , canada , march 07 , 2 oo 5 . yukon gold corporation , inc . (   yukon goid   ) , ( ygdc ) announced today that it has acquired the marg deposit , a 20 , 00 o acre , voicanogenic massive suiphide (   vms   ) property , | ocated in the central yukon territory . marg deposit mineral resource estimate : based on a 1997 ore resource study by franzen minera | engineering ltd . , the marg deposit has a drill indicated resource of 6 , 1 oo , 000 tons grading 1 . 76 % copper , 4 . 6 o % zinc , 2 . 46 % lead , 62 . 7 g . of siiver per ton and 0 . 98 g . of goid per ton over an average true width of 6 . 1 metres ( 20 ft . ) . open along strike in both directions and down dip , the company beiieves this classic base meta | deposit has the major potential for substantia | | y increasing tonnage . at the end of the 1996 driliing program , the thickest and richest intersection , 16 . 2 metre ( 53 ft . ) true width averaged 2 . 82 % copper , 2 . 46 % lead , 5 . 50 % zinc , 82 . 5 g of siiver and 1 . 84 g . of gold per ton . this indicates potentia | increased massive suiphide thicknesses to the west . based on current metal prices , the in - ground vaiue of the marg resource without any further exploration is just over 1 bi | | ion doliars . ( * ) ( * * ) a preiiminary evaiuation by yukon goid   s engineers and geologists have determined this outcropping deposit with its favorabie topography , resource base and excelient expioration potential , wil | warrant proceeding to production . ( * ) dollar figure in canadian ( * * ) total in - ground resources and current vaiues based on us copper $ 1 . 5 o | b , lead $ o . 45 lb , zinc $ o . 62 | b , silver $ 7 . 29 oz . , gold $ 432 . 00 oz . as of february 23 , 2 oo 5 , exchange rate 0 . 80 . these amounts are before meta | | urgical loss and costs of recovery . resource amount value in do | | ars copper 214 , 452 , 973 | bs 321 , 679 , 496 lead 299 , 746 , 769 | bs 134 , 886 , 046 zinc 560 , 5 o 2 , o 88 | bs 347 , 511 , 295 siiver 11 , o 66 , 715 oz 8 o , 676 , 352 goid 195 , 871 oz 84 , 616 , 272 total value : us doilars 969 , 369 , 461 cdn doliars 1 , 153 , 549 , 658 deposit assessment in 135 massive suiphide intercepts in 76 diamond dril | holes totaiing 20 , 494 metres , four gently to moderately inclined , polymeta | | ic massive suiphide horizons ( a , b , c and d ) in a 10 o metre thick quartz - sericite schist and graphitic phy | | ite structural succession were outlined . the massive sulphide horizons are up to 23 metres thick and have been traced along a strike length of 1 , 20 o metres and up to 70 o metres down dip . they remain open to extension at depth and along strike . acquisition overview and work program activity with the marg deposit acquisition , yukon gold has significantly increased its resource base and has assembled one of the largest | and positions in the yukon territory   s mayo mining district . mr . warren holmes , chairman and ceo of yukon gold expanded this fact by stating ,   the acquisition of the marg asset constitutes a | ogical step in the mandate of the company to acquire advanced projects and provides an opportunity for early production . this is a significant mineral resource with excelient exploration potentia | to incre @ se tonnage moving forward . our pian to acquire minera | deposits and drill indicated resources that can be taken to production in the highly proiific tombstone goid beit with a centraiized miiling faciiity for these | ate stage properties is weil underway .   about yukon gold yukon gold corporation , inc . is an extremely active and progressive junior exploration and deveiopment company trading on the nasdaq under the symbol " ygdc " . the company   s main focus is its newly acquired vms deposit ( marg property ) and its mount hinton goid and silver exploration project in the central yukon territory of canada . these properties lie within the tombstone gold beit , world renowned for the discovery of major gold and base metal deposits . wil | ygdc expiode higher as more and more investors become aware of the stock ? if you think so , you may not want to wait unti | it is too | ate . remember , timing your trade is critical . good luck and successful trading . information within this pubiication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future | ooking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , will , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently avaiiabie and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that could cause ygdc ' s actual resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaily , the company ' s growth prospects with scaiable customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possibie volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states all materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsietter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can | ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as | ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future results and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiable , shouid be completed prior to investing . ail factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate shareholder of the company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the publisher of this report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stockl 2 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: watches with 50 % dis count hello ! buy vip watches with 50 % dis count anytime before christmas and get a lovely watch box absolutely free of charge : - ) man ' s watches rolex ( 6 ) rolex ( 6 ) rolex ( 6 ) rolex ( 6 ) rolex ( 6 ) rolex ( 6 ) and more ! ladies ' watches rolex ( 6 ) rolex ( 6 ) rolex ( 6 ) rolex ( 6 ) rolex ( 6 ) rolex ( 6 ) and more ! our sites :  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? nddge cheap penis e ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? nlarrgemeentt . spe ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? cial offer ! ccemnag ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ?  no gimmick . . . real science ! the same type of research that created miracle drugs like viagra and cialis , has now created a revolutionary herbal pill that can increase your penis size by 1 " to 3 " in just a few short weeks ! simply take 2 vildenafil xp pills every day . . . it will make your penis grow a huge 27 % ! read more  
2	Subject: na gas and power limits the enron bod approved the some limit changes today , effective for trading day tuesday , february 13 , 2001 , consistent with the risk management policy ' s intent to provide a trading limit framework whereby management can review enron ' s consolidated exposure to commodities . to faciliate the aggregation and reporting of enron ' s consolidated exposure to commodities , the limit structure was modified to provide for aggregation of north american natural gas and electricity , with ees ' s na gas and power positions included , and with a separate business unit sub - limit for ees . policy amendments were as follows : u clarify the cross - commodity trading policy to specify that trading limits are to be applied against enron  , s consolidated commodity positions on an individual commodity group basis ; enron  , s consolidated daily position report should provide required market risk disclosures by primary commodity group ; ( for example , enron  , s exposure to the north american natural gas market shall be aggregated across the company ) .  ) delegate cross - commodity trading approval among established commodity groups to the respective business units offices of the chairman , with appropriate reporting to the enron corp . chief risk officer . u specify the operational control requirement that all trades executed over the telephone must be recorded electronically . cross - commodity trading authority was not automatically pre - approved for anyone in the company . authority to trade a commodity for which you are not the authorized trader must be obtained from the business unit office of the chairman for the commodity group that is authorized to trade that commodity , with appropriate reporting as noted below . north american cross - commodity limits var limit none ( terminated the $ 5 mm var limit ) north american natural gas net open position 500 bcf maturity / gap risk limit 200 bcf var limit $ 61 mm ( ees - $ 1 mm ) * * north american electricity net open position 90 twh maturity / gap risk limit 25 twh var limit $ 54 mm ( ees - $ 4 mm ) * * * * ees ' s $ 5 mm var was allocated between gas and power for purposes of calculating consolidated na gas and power limits . from a business unit perspective , the $ 5 mm var limit will continue to be monitored for ees in total . below are relevant excerpts from the revised policy addressing the cross - commodity trading guidelines . i will distribute the entire updated policy as soon as we incorporate the bod ' s comments . v . operations and controls . b . position reporting . " . . . for purposes of limit monitoring and aggregation of enron  , s consolidated trading results , enron  , s consolidated daily position report should include the net open position , maturity / gap position , profit or loss , and potential exposure ( var ) for approved commodity groups consolidated across the company without regard to which business unit undertook the trading activity . in those instances where limits are granted to a business unit for a basket of commodities , reporting for individual commodity risk books shall be maintained to facilitate aggregation of enron  , s actual consolidated commodity specific exposure . management reporting may separately provide business unit sub - limit monitoring and trading results aggregated according to management lines . " e . transaction approval and execution . " only those employees designated by the enron corp . chief risk officer or his designee ( s ) will be authorized to enter into transactions on behalf of enron . the chief risk officer must also maintain a record of those employees responsible for the individual commodity groups ( commodity group manager ) as specified in the appendices . individuals will be assigned as commodity leaders to manage enron  , s aggregate position across the company as determined necessary by the chief risk officer . . . " vi . policy amendment authority b . cross - commodity position authorization . if in the ordinary course of its business an enron business unit or trading desk incurs an exposure to an underlying commodity or financial instrument for which it does not have explicit authority to carry , this exposure should be hedged internally with the appropriate enron desk ( s ) , with appropriate notification to the chief risk officer or his designee ( s ) . hedge positions should be in instruments that have an observable correlation with the underlying exposure , and should be rebalanced regularly to substantially neutralize the underlying exposure . upon notification to the chief risk officer or his designee ( s ) , the enron business unit office of the chairman who has authority for that commodity group may authorize a specific trader in a different commodity group to take speculative positions with other enron trading desks in commodities and / or financial instruments other than those which that trader has explicit authority to trade ( i . e . the business unit office of the chairman for north american natural gas may authorize a trader in the coal group to trade gas with the north american natural gas desk ) . for limit monitoring purposes of enron  , s consolidated trading results , these cross - commodity positions shall be captured by individual commodity to facilitate aggregation and reporting of enron  , s consolidated exposure by commodity in the daily position report ( coal desk  , s gas position will be aggregated with the north american natural gas commodity group . ) if you have any questions , feel free to call vlady at x 36954 , me at x 30429 , or david port at x 39823 . regards , cassandra schultz . 
2	Subject: article : ' coal market set to benefit from nymex futures contract ' ( enron mention ) please find attached the above article from energy & power risk management , august 2001 . kind regards sarimah black 
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 19 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011914 . txt error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data ! ! ! unknown database . alias : dbcaps 97 data error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database 
2	Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) . your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please contact the pep help desk at : houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4 london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4 email : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a status of " open . " once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list . review group : enron feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - apollo , beth fernley dyson oct 31 , 2000 cousino , lisa b james scribner oct 27 , 2000 jordan , mike t fernley dyson nov 03 , 2000 mason , heidi fernley dyson oct 26 , 2000 mcloughlin , hector sheila h walton oct 25 , 2000 murphy ii , theodore r richard b buy oct 30 , 2000 perlman , beth s philippe a bibi oct 31 , 2000 port , david theodore r murphy ii oct 30 , 2000 schultz , cassandra r theodore r murphy ii nov 03 , 2000 solmonson , mary c sally w beck oct 31 , 2000 stock , stephen beth s perlman oct 31 , 2000 walton , sheila h david oxley oct 27 , 2000 
2	Subject: exclusive preview - our biggest sale ever ! having problems viewing this email ? please click here please note : sale prices end september 5 th , 2005 . dear subscriber : please add editor @ drsfostersmith . com to your address book to ensure delivery to your inbox ( not junk or bulk folders ) . contact us by phone : 1 - 800 - 381 - 7179 , 24 hours a dayby email : customerservice @ drsfostersmith . com by mail : drs . foster & smith , 2253 air park road , rhinelander wi 54501 this email was sent to projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org . to unsubscribe , change your address , or sign up for additional newsletters , please visit your email management page . one - click unsubscribe from all drs . foster & smith newsletters here . we respect your privacy . please read our email privacy policy . copyright 2005 , foster & smith , inc . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: re : fw : tax reserve on allegheny peakers i just spoke with matthew and he explained that the transaction tax reserve calculation ( a summary of which is attached ) was prepared ( and communicated to the deal group ) early last fall . the calculation indicates that the aggregate transaction tax exposure ( including penalties ) is $ 12 , 940 , 182 . the initial suggested tax reserve related to this exposure was approximately 1 / 2 of this amount but , after discussions with don last week , was increased to 100 percent - thus the increase in tax reserve of approximately $ 6 , 000 , 000 . thus , as evident , it is not that a calculation was incorrect but that its assessment probability was increased and thus the suggested tax reserve changed . matthew was influenced in increasing the applicable level of risk related to the transaction by a desire to more conservatively posture enron after the completion of the disposition and to insure that subsequent period " surprises " did not occur - obviously , to the extent that collective management is of the belief that such a conservative posture is not appropriate then the tax reserve amount may be reduced . matthew spoke with don before the change was proposed and was under the impression that all were comfortable with the change before it was made - ultimately , we will realize the reserved amount in earnings as the risk of the tax planning strategies subsides . matthew will be back in the office on may 8 and ready to speak with whomever desires at that time . i am attending the enron law conference beginning this afternoon , followed by the enron industrial markets offsite next monday and tuesday but can be reached on my cell phone at 713 - 817 - 5052 . best regards . steve . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , may 01 , 2001 5 : 55 pm to : douglas , stephen h . cc : colwell , wes ; don miller / hou / ect @ enron subject : re : fw : tax reserve on allegheny peakers this is a substantial difference which was not requested when the deal was done . i am waiting for matthew to return and explain why his opinion changed . i am more concerned that we are making such a change having got it wrong to start with rather than the change itself . from : stephen h douglas / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 01 / 2001 12 : 07 pm to : wes colwell / enron @ enronxgate cc : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect subject : fw : tax reserve on allegheny peakers wes , attached is the explanation for the allegheny tax reserve . i do not know why it was increased when it was . it was my understanding that the reserve had been quantified by matt gockerman in my group and requested some time ago and that don and the commercial leads were aware of this . this may be coming across as an increase when in reality it is simply properly booking currently that which was previously expected ( said differently , without the disposition we would have spread the tax over time and with the disposition it became necessary to accelerate it as reflected in the tax reserve ) . as always , i have asked that only the absolutely necessary amount be reserved . please call me at ext . 30938 to further discuss this matter . best regards . steve . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : douglas , stephen h . sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 8 : 32 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : re : tax reserve on allegheny peakers the reserve referred to relates to sales and use tax ( " sales / use tax " ) liability related to the purchase and use by the peaker project companies of various equipment ( i . e . , turbines in illinois and transformers in tennessee and indiana ) used to construct the peaker facilities in illinois , indiana and tennessee . enron bears this tax obligation under the sales agreement pursuant to which we sold the peakers to allegheny ( effectively , this tax liability is a " pre - acquisition date " tax liability that we , as the seller , are responsible for ) . typically , the equipment used to construct the peakers would be assessed sales / use tax when purchased by the project company that built the respective peaker and that tax would effectively be passed on to the buyer in a sale such as that to allegheny . the ews tax department structured the acquisition of the respective equipment to either avoid the sales / use tax or to spread the cost of such tax over time ( for example , a sales - leaseback strategy was employed in illinois to spread the cost of the sales / use tax over many years as lease payments are made rather than pay it up front ) . ultimately , we benefitted from this since we did not use as much cash in constructing the peakers and earned more from the disposition of the peakers than we otherwise would have since the counterparty would have ( and we believe did in the specific case of allegheny ) modelled the cost of the peakers as including the full current payment of such sales / use tax . that said , we have requested that a portion of the disposition proceeds from the sale of the peakers be reserved until the applicable statute of limitations related to the types of strategies that were employed to achieve the above described results expires since there is risk that our position could be challenged and , if challenged , there is a risk that we would not prevail . matt is out until may 8 ( he is a recent father of a baby girl ) but upon his return is available with me to discuss this matter with whomever you would like . matt has worked closely with don and others in the generation asset group and has assured me that the suggested reserve is a sound ( not overly conservative nor liberal ) position . best regards . steve . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , april 30 , 2001 3 : 18 pm to : matthew f gockerman / hou / ect @ enron cc : stephen h douglas / hou / ect @ enron ; don miller / hou / ect @ enron subject : tax reserve on allegheny peakers i notice that our gain has substantially decreased due to a tax reserve increase of $ 5 m . why has this been added and why so recently ? regards louise 
2	Subject: fw : we need to put our brains together for some communication stuff just checkin in with you to see if we could get started on this . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : semperger , cara sent : friday , july 20 , 2001 11 : 02 am to : williams iii , bill cc : purcell , mike ; thompson , virginia subject : we need to put our brains together for some communication stuff because lotus will probably go away when the new enpower system comes online , and mike brought up a good point about not being able to mine information from the current emails that we do , we need to think of a way to have a data repository like the west power discussion . i am thinking a web - based format kind of like a news group , but would like to talk to you . c 
2	Subject: entouch newsletter business highlights ebs joins ews effective , july 12 , ebs has become a business unit within enron wholesale services . all ebs commercial support functions will be integrated into those units within ews , which enables us to better manage the resources and costs of the support functions . all ebs commercial functions have been consolidated into the following units : europe - headed by matthew scrimshaw asia - headed by anthony duenner americas - headed by rich dimichele additionally , the north american ebs origination teams have been consolidated into one group , led by stewart seeligson . north american trading and risk management will continue to report to paul racicot . paul will also oversee the global portfolio from a risk management perspective . global network operations will continue to report to the ebs office of the chairman . all ebs asset positions will continue to be reviewed and repositioned to most effectively meet the future needs of ebs and the portland office will be closed by october 1 . global strategic sourcing effective july 1 , a number of measures and recommendations have been implemented to reduce expenditures associated with , among other things , travel and entertainment , and professional services . global strategic sourcing ( " gss " ) will undertake this very important initiative and they would like to enlist your support in the implementation of these new procedures . this message will focus on travel and entertainment . next week ' s message will focus on professional services . travel and entertainment - enron has a tremendous opportunity to save on travel and entertainment expenditures by making some relatively painless adjustments . ? air travel - air transportation is the single largest component in the travel mix . in recognition of this fact , a number of significant discounts have been negotiated with all of the major carriers . there are two separate channels available to employees to access the enron - negotiated fares . the first is travel agency in the park ( " tap " ) , or the gss - approved preferred travel agency for your location , and the second is the new enron - managed online travel booking service , clicktrip , located at . over the coming weeks , gss will be promoting training and usage of clicktrip , as the primary method of booking domestic u . s . travel for a number of reasons . first , excluding proprietary carriers like southwest airlines , clicktrip provides employees easy access to all travel and pricing options for their destination , including the enron - negotiated fares . second , industry data shows that employees will generally make the most cost - effective travel decision when presented with the relevant facts . conservatively speaking , we estimate that a 20 % savings in airfare is attainable through the use of this tool alone . third , it is relatively painless to use . fourth , clicktrip is accessible 24 x 7 from any internet - enabled personal computer and after - hours telephone support is available . if you have travel - related questions , please contact tracy ramsey at ext . 6 - 8311 . one final air travel reminder worth promoting : for employees who fly in the united states , use of non - refundable coach tickets generally runs 65 percent less than refundable tickets and can usually be changed by simply paying a $ 100 fee . ? lodging and car rental - gss has also negotiated preferred rates at a number of hotel chains in many cities worldwide to accommodate your business unit ' s individual hotel policy . additionally , preferred car rental rates including insurance coverage with national ( u . s . and canada ) and alamo ( u . s . ) have been negotiated for your use . more detailed information is available regarding both programs through our travel site located at . enron industrial markets - forest products eim began trading in the physical markets for forest products ( newsprint , pulp , recycled paper , and lumber ) in august , 2000 and steel in january , 2001 . since then eim has handled over 140 , 000 tons of recycled paper , 180 , 000 tons of newsprint , 150 , 000 tons of pulp , 160 million board feet of lumber , and 210 , 000 tons of steel . currently on a weekly basis , eim is moving approximately 20 , 000 tons of forest products ( newsprint , pulp and recycled paper ) , 3 million board feet of lumber , and 10 , 000 tons of steel products throughout the world . due to much larger volumes of forward trading , eim is expanding its physical product delivery capabilities around the world to physically handle 5 million tons per year . the eim logistics group coordinates the activities of customer service , supply and demand matching , scheduling of owned assets , and physical transport and warehousing . these activities are primarily coordinated through the houston office , with additional resources in london and singapore . additionally , eim owns paper mills in quebec city and new jersey which have a combined production capacity of 750 , 000 tons of newsprint per month , and a cold rolling steel mill in arkansas with capacity of 400 , 000 tons per year . each of these facilities includes logistics resources that are coordinated through the eim logistics group . enron global markets - lng enron global lng has enhanced its atlantic basin lng supply portfolio with volumes from nigeria lng limited ( nlng ) . enron global lng recently signed a memorandum of understanding with nlng for delivery of 1 bcm / year ( billion cubic meters ) or ( 97 , 000 mcf / day ) from the nlng plus project . this is a two train expansion of nlng ' s existing bonny island lng production facility . the expansion is scheduled for completion in 2005 . this deal represents a major step in the establishment of enron ' s global lng network . egm - finance & structuring on june 29 , 2001 , enron global markets - lng group successfully completed the divestiture of its 100 % equity interest in progasco , to chdr , inc . via an all cash transaction . progasco sells and distributes lpg to commercial and industrial clients , and independent resellers , through a fleet of tanker trucks , bobtail trucks and 13 filling plants throughout puerto rico . chdr , inc . is the record and beneficial owner of all of the issued and outstanding shares of stock of tropigas de puerto rico , inc . ( " tropigas " ) . upon completion of this transaction , tropigas , hitherto the 3 rd largest market player will operate the newly consolidated entity and control a 35 % market share , becoming the 2 nd largest puerto rican lpg marketer . the sale proceeds of approximately $ 14 . 3 million , have been split between protane ( a wholly owned enron corp . delaware subsidiary ) and san juan gas ( sjg ) , and were used to pay down inter - company debt owed to sjg and pro caribe . the net ( pre - tax ) gain recorded on the transaction was $ 3 . 9 million . the profitable sale of this strategic asset allows egm to exit the retail propane business it inherited through the 1985 merger of three companies : protane , petrolane and imperial gas , and will enable enron to better deploy the cash received and more efficiently manage its puerto rican human resources . egm - weather the weather group just completed a deal with people ' s energy to protect them against lower gas prices during a warmer than normal winter . this innovative winter protection was structured to manage people ' s exposure to both the volume and price of natural gas . greg penman and bob beyer , from the chicago office , were the lead dealmakers for this transaction . simlar deals with other counterparties are expected to come over the winter season . also , the weather group has started exploring new opportunities with ees . to support this effort , elsa piekieniak has joined the group . elsa is looking for several people to help her with this initiative . if you ' re interested in a position , please contact elsa . welcome new hires egm - chevondra auzenne , anuj gupta , lois stone , rich friedman eim - brian gaughan , jennifer basinski ena - juli salvagio , pepi beltran , oliver jones transfers ( to or within ) ena - jinsung myung , russell diamond , chris helfrich , jerry farmer , kenton erwin egm - meredith campbell , martin gleason , maritta mullet , dorothy burrell , luis castillo , james posway , ted behrens , michael mitcham enrononline statistics below are the latest figures for enrononline as of july 17 , 2001 : total life to date transactions > 1 , 214 , 000 life to date notional value of transactions > $ 711 billion news from the global flash update on enron europe ' s contribution to 2 nd quarter results congratulations to all staff for your contribution to another fantastic quarter ! by now we hope you will have had an opportunity to read about enron ' s q 2 earnings , which were released to the investment community in houston on thursday , 12 th july . overall the business has seen continued strong growth with revenues increasing to over $ 100 million in the first half of the year up from $ 30 million for the same period last year . earnings per share this quarter also exceeded analyst expectations and came in at $ 0 . 45 for the quarter up from $ 0 . 34 for the same period last year . equally important , however , is the vital role enron europe played this quarter in contributing to the company ' s overall results . we are seeing some terrific trends here in europe - notably , on the wholesale side , the continental , uk and nordic power and gas teams keep going from strength to strength as we see exceptional growth in volumes and transactions continue this quarter . total physical and financial settled volumes for gas and power in europe have seen an increase of 172 % in the first six months of the year compared to the first six months in 2000 and the total number of transactions per day has risen to 604 from 272 last year . specifically , uk power volumes are up 204 % to 147 twh in the first six months of 2001 from 48 twh in the same period last year . continental gas volumes have grown from 351 bbtue / day in 2000 to 1 , 390 bbtue / day in 2001 - a 296 % increase - and continental power volumes have seen growth of 360 % with volumes rising from 18 twh in the first six months of 2000 to 83 twh for the same period this year . the growth in volumes is not simply limited to the uk and continental markets , however , as nordic power volumes have increased by 153 % from 29 twh to 73 twh in the first half of 2001 . the success stories are not just limited to gas and power trading , however , and abound throughout the business : enron energy services the retail business has experienced a real boost this quarter with the closing of ees ' first , major " marquis " brand energy outsourcing transaction with supermarket giant , j . sainsbury plc . of equal importance , enron direct ' s business continues to grow with total customers now in excess of 160 , 000 . the success of enron direct ' s business model has translated into the development of new business on the continent in the netherlands and spain and , more recently in north america , with the 2 nd quarter opening of enron direct canada . enron credit a year after enron credit ' s launch , the total life to date notional value of transactions has surpassed $ 11 . 8 billion and in the 2 nd quarter alone , enron credit generated $ 10 . 4 million in ebit . further , more than 20 , 000 readers per week view the enron cost of credit ( ecc ) through independent publications . enron australia with 2 nd quarter power volumes up 177 % from the first three months this year , enron australia is gearing up for a strong growth year . with the development of a physical power position key to expanding enron ' s power trading in australia , work began this quarter to identify and begin the initial pursuit of asset development projects . other businesses undergoing significant expansion this quarter were coal , renewable energy credits and weather derivatives . spain : arcos the arcos asset development project in spain continues to make great progress with third party access to gas supplies for the power project being successfully negotiated this quarter , plus the project achieved another milestone in the permit / government approvals arena with the granting of its water concession in q 2 . uk : etol etol , a long - standing contributor to enron europe ' s earnings , generated yet another profitable transaction this quarter with the signing of a series of deals with chemical giant du pont for supplies at wilton international . the transaction further strengthens enron ' s relationship with du pont , one of etol ' s largest customers , and will extend the current steam and power supply contract through 2010 . enron metals a year after entering the metals business , enron metals has seen increased volumes of 130 % in its merchant and financial trading operations this quarter with volumes up to over 3 . 5 million tonnes as compared to just over 1 . 5 million tonnes in the 2 nd quarter last year . not only has the team seen positive growth in volumes this quarter , but they have increased their share of trading on the lme by 50 % and are making significant progress with project salem - a major it and systems improvement project that will streamline deal capture and risk management for metals transactions . finally , the metals team achieved a true home run this quarter when they closed a major ten - year origination transaction that , through the addition of smelting assets , will enable the metals team to improve its trading position . the transaction proved to be the perfect opportunity to leverage all of enron ' s trading and origination capabilities and involved input from a number of groups across enron . looking to the future , we have every expectation that the strong growth we ' ve witnessed in europe for the first half of the year will continue through end 2001 . so , in the words of solomon smith barney analyst , ray niles , when talking about enron ' s european wholesale operations results this quarter , " europe is kicking butt and it ' s about a quarter of [ enron ' s ] activity , nearly double what it was last year . and , that is a new market that is the size of the us . " legal stuff the information contained in this newsletter is confidential and proprietary to enron corp . and its subsidiaries . it is intended for internal use only and should not be disclosed .  
2	Subject: texas a & m / lowry mays : mba for executives : texas a & m university / the lowry mays college and graduate school of business / executive mba program the lowry mays college and graduate school of business in conjunction with texas a & m university are offering their executive mba program at the university center in the woodlands . this innovative program provides the path for working professionals to obtain the mba degree from texas a & m university while maintaining full - time employment . the mays executive mba program is an 18 - month program with classes meeting from 9 : 00 a . m . to 4 : 30 p . m . on friday and saturday of alternate weekends . there are no class meetings during the summer months . the program is designed for professionals with significant work and managerial experience . full time faculty from the mays graduate school of business , with outstanding academic and industry experience , travel to the university center to deliver the program . the mays executive mba program is based on an innovative and exciting curriculum . the content of the mba degree is delivered through a series of integrated modules that have as a central theme  & the value creation process .  8 the modules focus on current business issues from various functional perspectives and stress the development of competencies needed by successful managers now and into the future . the mays executive mba program provides organizations and employees an immediate return on their investments while preparing for issues of the future . the learning environment stresses the understanding of the basic principles that underlie the complexities of today ' s business environment . teamwork and discussions with the other participants in the program provide insights and new ideas that can be taken back to the work place . organizations benefit as the participants bring new perspectives to their daily responsibilities . a new class begins each august . applications are now being accepted for the august 2000 class . for more information , please contact : the mays executive mba program phone : 888 - 551 - 9998 email : emba @ tamu . edu for additional information about enron  , s policy on educational assistance : web : http : / / hrweb . enron . com / click on  & policies and guides  8 and then  & education assistance  8 for additional information about enron corp ' s organizational development and training offerings , contact : suzanne gruber , senior director 713 - 345 - 8314 email : suzanne . gruber @ enron . com web : http : / / home . enron . com : 84 / training 
2	Subject: whs / retail systems integration analysis - would like to discuss with you louise , lloyd and i believe there are significant cost savings and efficiencies to be gained in the following recommendations . we would like to present our final results monday and would like to talk with you if possible prior to the meeting . with project spark gap , we have identified and are managing our top systems gaps and priorities for the next year . we are setting up sap codes for these efforts in order to more closely monitor it progress and spending . we have coordinated and are combining our systems requirements with the west and canada desks in order to present a global power strategic systems vision . the following whs / retail systems analysis effort has made it clear that we should integrate our wholesale and retail trading systems , however , we believe organizational changes will be required in it and trading support to achieve the benefits and savings . please let us know if we can spend a few minutes with you prior to monday ' s meeting . debra debra bailey east power desk wk : 713 - 853 - 1657 cell : 713 - 569 - 4650 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : bailey , debra sent : friday , november 09 , 2001 6 : 04 pm to : fink , mike ; rao , ramesh ; frazier , michael ; gorny , vladimir ; misra , narsimha ; jenkins , beth ; kumar , madhup ; avs , mallik ; day , smith l . ; albrecht , kristin ; woulfe , greg ; richter , jeff ; allen , thresa a . ; o ' neil , murray p . ; nat , steve ; herndon , rogers ; rodriquez , andy ; bentley , corry ; white , stacey w . ; allen , thresa a . ; simpson , stephen cc : hall , bob m ; kelly , fred ; presto , kevin m . ; busby , todd ; will , lloyd ; belden , tim ; dayao , anthony ; perlman , beth ; pickering , mark ; stock , stephen ; apollo , beth ; reeves , leslie ; pagan , ozzie ; hotte , steve subject : whs / retail systems integration analysis - results / recommendations under the direction of tim belden , kevin presto , lloyd will , anthony dayao and beth perlman , todd busby and i have completed the 3 week analysis of wholesale and retail power systems integration . enclosed are the preliminary executive summary presentation and the detailed information / process flow diagrams . in summary , we identified at a high level commonality and critical dependencies across all main trading functions within retail and wholesale . in order to ensure successful integration of systems and processes , the team has identified the following recommendations : 1 . consider aligning the wholesale and retail support organizations with the gas and power trading . 2 . manage business systems requirements for power globally with a program management team sponsored by the business owners . consider program managers responsible for the following three areas : trading - top priority to provide wholesale and retail positions and booking of shaped deals billing / settlements & volume management - top priority to provide retail solutions and develop global strategic systems ( gas & power ) risk - top priority to provide retail valuation and liquidation we will schedule a meeting next week to review the results of our analysis . i look forward to receiving your inputs . thank you for your support on this effort . debra debra bailey east power desk wk : 713 - 853 - 1657 cell : 713 - 569 - 4650 
2	Subject: natural gas nomination for 08 / 00 enron methanol nominates the following natural gas requirements for the methanol plant for august 2000 : 36 , 000 mmbtu per day egpfc nominates the following natural gas requirements for the mtbe plant at morgan ' s point for august 2000 : 9 , 500 mmbtu per day 
2	Subject: updated org chart here is a high level chart for you ( you may want to check this with someone - i don ' t know if it is completely correct - i do know that there the middle office and commercial report to the office of the chair , not the board of directors ) . please let me know if this is what you need . i ' m working on the rest , i don ' t have any info on the systems flow , but am working with the trading office data i have to provide something to you . best regards shona 
2	Subject: online ordering is the greatest sa ; ve 6 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big matrimonial spring coppery wintry tyrosine ardent ginsberg shaffer lockstep oldster saw birthplace why contour cahill pandanus acreage psychiatric redpoll moral dint migratory hosiery thither bale chancellor homeland squashberry catcall craftsman diatonic premonitory al argillaceous coy chadwick decreeing haw davidson track stalin gaur boucher competition neurosis audiotape singlet copolymer desecrater premier hornmouth bevel breath cutaneous abusable regulus amorphous instigate permissible crappie adrenaline bluet stokes stockpile albanian clad crummy manifestation padlock rhombus calvin ceylon lopez benz gemini nelson bass bimetallism burglar karp remedial inefficient krakatoa attempt drench wraith pun imp transmittable buckwheat squeal seminole trivium appoint watson plugging arc teensy polio oratorio hoosegow monkish vibrate deportee seriate regale btu dillon cameramen closet tenor david brighten briny contributory heroic dorset boucher caliphate billiken aniline octave consist burp newtonian jorgenson wastewater campsite zanzibar aiken beatify diminish appendices peed removemeplease  
2	Subject: re : start dating daily update : 4 unfaithful wives have been matched for you in your area : 1 . emily , 137 lbs , 5 ' 8 , 36 c , 19 miles away , available most week nights ( looking for side - fling ) 2 . amanda , 135 lbs , 5 ' 6 , 36 d , 21 miles away , available most nights ( husband works midnights ) 3 . jasmine , 128 lbs , 5 ' 9 , 34 b , 14 miles away , available jan 29 - 31 th 4 . stephanie , 122 lbs , 5 ' 6 , 36 c , 19 miles away , available jan 31 - feb 7 rd all 4 women are waiting to speak with you live have photos . webcam ' s are available for all 4 . no more http : / / byway . date 4 real . biz / remove and allow 48 hours .  
2	Subject: august & september schedules i had to make some minor alterations to the schedules for august and september because meir is out of town on some of the days . i knew of this only after i had made the schedules . it affects only a couple of members in the group . sorry for the inconvenience . bert 
2	Subject: re : mid - project review dates - enron hi donna ! ! please sign the enron team up for feb . 20 th . thanks ! ! ! . . . and thanks for all your help last week ! everyone at enron is enthusiastic about the project , and the students have been very gracious in their " thank you " notes . we ' re looking forward to the video conference thursday . my assistant , melinda mccarty , will contact you to make sure we ' re " reciprocally " in sinc for the broadcast . thanks ! - - christie . 
2	Subject: fw : request hi louise , i ' ve added my best guesses below . they are probably pretty good , but i could be way off on unify . - - jay - - - - - original message - - - - - from : webb , jay sent : sun 11 / 4 / 2001 4 : 20 pm to : kitchen , louise cc : subject : request hi louise , beth has reorganized the front and back office groups enough now that i don ' t know all of the key individuals anymore . but in most cases , there is someone i trust still around who knows the details about a particular system , so i ' ve tried to identify that person and how many extra people ( probably best chosen by that individual ) would be needed at a minimum . i have included at the bottom a small list of " cannot lose " individuals . in such a small organization , it would be critical , of course , to have people that can solve problems in any system . if enrononline was shut down , i would also put belmont , guadarrama , hillier , jenson in the " cannot lose " group , and i would make sure that amanullah was one of the remaining oracle dbas . excluding jenny and sap ( currently this is not in mark ' s organization and i cannot find any data on it ) , i have listed a total of 33 people . - - jay zhiyong wei + 3 ( francis lim , mike swaim , sanjay gupta ) tagg , sitara , gas erms steve nat + 2 ( duong luu , will smith ) enpower , power erms g . ramesh , john powell + 1 ( andrew champion ) credit aggregation / risk analytics ( var ) sundar chitradurga + 1 ( kevin dinh ) global systems ramesh rao + 5 ( david stadnick , matt pena , richard brockhan , ben nguyen , regan smith ) unify jim ogg + 3 ( bob ward , soo - lian ervin , mable tang ) oracle + sql server database administration mike belmont ( front ) , mike guadarrama ( back ) , francesc gullien , jarod jenson ( sa / security ) , bob hillier ( ops ) , kenneth lim ( ops ) , dan harrell ( ops ) , aman amanullah ( dba ) enrononline cannot lose group : kevin montagne mark kinkead ganady batrak what is not here : sap global finance - there is a small group on beth ' s org chart run by joanne knodel , supporting global finance . i don ' t know what they do or how critical it is . jenny ' s organization : production operations ( nt and unix system admin ) communications ( network administration , telephony ) desktop architecture and support data center operation email new bldg . 
2	Subject: all generic viagra prices include a free online prescription . same medication - low price education is life itself . high thoughts must have high language . living is easy with eyes closed , misunderstanding all you see . 
2	Subject: sap licensing heard from allan sommer today regarding the sap licensing question : ? we do not need to amend our current sap license agreement for the outsourcing project as long as we are the caretakers of the data , i . e . outside entities do not access data within our environment , but rather access an extract of the data from it . this should work well with the current plan . allan further suggested that we keep kathy kokas from his group posted on our effort , in case our plan changes . he also mentioned that their group may be helpful in other ways . thanks , fred philipson 
2	Subject: delivery confirmation , tracking number : yqf 9387422924062 merp noprepdoc . com the secret of life is honesty and fair dealing . if you can fake that , you ' ve got it made . - groucho marx ( 1890 - 1977 ) then came the parent . ( now , you need to know , i love the parents of the children i teach . ) this parent arrived on the scene with her son who had down ? s syndrome . she wanted a piece of software with real photos , one on each screen with the word in text and the word spoken aloud . i looked at her and thought to myself , ? b - o - r - i - n - g . the child will never respond to that . ? a cynic is a man who knows the price of everything , and the value of nothing . oscar wilde don ' t you practice dancing as often as possible ? if a million people say a foolish thing , it is still a foolish thing . - anatole france [ jacques anatole thibault ] ( 1844 - 1924 ) were those science teachers missing walking a few days ago ? half the work that is done in this world is to make things appear what they are not . elias root beadle 8  
2	Subject:  patient friday tight college street shes led , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today usualworldwide shippiing social prom 0 tion running now : \ / aliuum : from $ 70 ambiien : from $ 68 ciaaliis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 xanaax : from $ 75 position spring afternoon thats night we act welcome tired ' order .  
2	Subject: lyondell - citgo sitara 147092 is tiered pricing . if you want , you can nom whatever volume is on the deal ticket and the economics will work out correctly . it will keep things in balance a bit better , but you can go either way . for feb there is a base deal for 5000 / day and a term deal for 20 , 000 / day . only 15 , 000 of the 20000 is pathed . 
2	Subject: global octane meter # : 1528 july 2000 activity lee informed me today { 7 / 12 th } that global octane has experience " operational " problems beginning last night and will be down until further notice . note : this outage is considered " force majeure " thus , whatever flows during this time period should be allocated to the " term " deal . lee was very specific toward this issue not being a buyback . howard , please forward this information to whomever need it in settlement . . . . thanks . 
2	Subject: security - we offer more consumer guarantees than any other website prescription drug information you can delegate authority , but not responsibility . a financier is a pawnbroker with imagination . necessity knows no law . the way to final freedom is within thy self . 
2	Subject: accomplishments these are my accomplishments for this year . 
2	Subject: invoice processing as you are aware , the sap financial systems will be implemented for the enron gas pipeline group , enron north america and enron energy services companies on july 1 , 2000 . to effectively transfer the invoice processing from the legacy msa system to the sap system , the following dates should be followed : june 23 : invoice processing on the msa system will stop except for emergency payments , wire transfers and achs . june 26 : invoice processing on the sap system will begin for the gpg , ena and ees companies . accounts payables will input invoices into the sap system starting on this date , but checks will not be printed until the first payment run is processed on july 5 . june 28 : last day to input employee expense reports with ach in the msa system . june 29 : last day to input emergency payments and wire transfers in the msa system . june 30 : accounts payable to clean up outstanding open balances in the msa system . july 5 : all invoices will be entered into sap and the first payment run is processed . please remember , all invoices sent to accounts payable on or after june 23 must have sap general ledger coding applied to the invoice . if you have any questions , please contact larry dallman , 713 . 853 . 7222 , ben gwaltney , 713 . 853 . 1550 , andy zabriskie , 713 . 853 . 6892 or linda martin , 713 . 853 . 7038 . 
2	Subject: re : hpl / enron actuals for june 8 , 2000 oops , sorry , they are for the 7 th . . . 
2	Subject: urgent sec disclosure document attached is a revised draft of the sec disclosure document , indicating comments from most reviewers except accounting comments , which will be reflected in the next draft . comments should be emailed to vicki sharp or delivered to eb 3328 . thank you . 
2	Subject: be a " big " men ! locative our zenextend pen + is enlargement p + ills will expand , lengthen and en - large your pen + is 3 + inches . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed ! or your money back ! a massive breakthrough in he + rbal science has enabled a team of 20 specialized doctors to create a pill that has been designed specifically for male pe + nis enlargement . the tests that took place over a 2 year period showed that out of the 30 , 000 males from around the world who participated , the average gain after 4 months of taking zenextend pills was 3 . 02 inches ! amazing , permanent results that will last . more info ? . . . go here . . . duane ! devolve , sorted stephan attainer . crewed ! wuhan , undertaker strung shrieks . nomoremail ? : )  
2	Subject: investment idea the oi | and gas advisory now that oil and gas has entered a | ong - term bull market , our specialty in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervaiued energy plays has produced soaring returns . emerson oil and gas ( eogi ) is an energy developer in the us oil belt and in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating potential of miilions per week . watch this stock friday morning symbol - eogi price - . 09 the value of eogi ' s shares will skyrocket : breaking news ! ! ! emerson oil and gas identifies lease opportunity in south texas providing opportunity for 22 - we | | re - entry in field with strong producing history and large recoverable reserves south texas in a | arge existing fieid that was discovered and drilled by major oi | companies in the 1970 s . the fieid is estabiished with substantial recoverable reserves , estimated at over 3 . 9 miliion barrels of oil and about 2 bi | | ion cubic ft . of gas in the two pay zones . 1 . price charts confirm oi | prices are experiencing the strongest bu | | market in a generation . 2 . natura | gas prices have tripied in the last two years . 3 . with multiple projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth muiti - millions , eogi is selling for | ess than 1 / 4 the vaiue of its assets . 4 . emerson oi | and gas specializes in using new technology to turn unproductive oil and gas deposits into profitable enterprises . aiready shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the overail market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized explorers and deveiopers like emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made tripie and even quadruple returns . our subscribers need to pay particulariy close attention to undervaiued eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for | ong . this smail company with a comparably smal | market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oi | and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especiaily with the daiiy jump in energy prices . but all that will change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to capture the attention of the market , and have an equally expiosive effect on the share price . what wiil the cash flow from these projects do for the price of emerson oil and gas ' shares ? wel | we do know this - the great thing about investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in the price of oil and gas . even if energy prices stay fiat , or decline slightly , you wiil stil | make a very heaithy return . of course , energy prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year or so as predicted , meaning the value of eogi ' s assets and earnings wil | soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wiil be staggering . overal | , we consider eogi to be one of the | ast outstanding energy plays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized , eogi shares wi | | surge sharpiy on heavy investor attention . we have identified this discovery for immediate accumulation . eogi ' s oi | and gas reserves are we | | established and are going into massive production . early investors will secure optimum gains , and any additiona | news in this area will really turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets upward in next week ' s builetin . oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain statements contained in this newsietter may be future - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , beiieve , may , wi | | , and intend or similar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or se | | securities . oga is an independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand dollars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance from a financial expert . investors should use the information provided in this newsietter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on the profiied company to aliow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to good - bye @ fastmail . fm  
2	Subject: why is her mother in pain his pain tolerancy is healing h . y . d , r ' o . c ^ 0 - d . o , n ' e 7 . 5 / 5 oo m ' g 3 o pills 139 . oo 60 p ! | ls 219 . 0 o 9 o p ! lls 289 . oo full list : http : / / silicone . . com same day shlpp 1 ng to remove : http : / / delete . . com / please / see you arron lindsey gofer molecular devices corporation , sunnyvale , ca , 94089 , united states of america phone : 641 - 943 - 7694 mobile : 622 - 922 - 8199 email : tpllwd @ wwwbc . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this shareware is a 73 month complementary shareware notes : the contents of this message is for manipulation and should not be allegiant lichen hall bothersome flak time : mon , 03 jan 2005 07 : 41 : 53 - 0800 
2	Subject: hey , loser ! here ' s a special offer for you . . . want to get a woman ? the first and only pickup , dating and seduction guide . written for men . . . by women . - increase your se ~ x ~ ual attraction . - give yourself that extra edge ! - improve your s ~ e ~ x appeal 1000 % - gain more self - confidence . - command respect at work ! - get more dates ! - if not satisfied , you get your money back ! this is the only e - book of its kind available . you get 2 free adult videos with every order . check out this great guide here : http : / / www . enhancemefast 2 . com / defaultl 7 . htm best regards , rosario cardenas vp , sales - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - system information : 
2	Subject: [ ilug - social ] re : take the steps to wealth for $ 25 . do it now 26138654332222 updated may 9 , 2002 . . . read this ! you ' ll be happy you did ! a recent survey by nielsen / netratings says that " the internet population is rapidly approaching a ' half a billion ' people ! " so what does all this mean to you ? let ' s assume that every person has ' only ' one e - mail address . that ' s 500 million potential customers and growing ! in addition , " e - mail is without question the most powerful method of distributing information on earth " well , i think you get the picture . the numbers and potential are just staggering , but it gets even better . . . start your own e - mail business today & enjoy the following benefits : 1 . all customers pay you in cash 2 . you will sell a product which costs nothing to produce 3 . your only major overhead is your time 4 . you have 100 s of millions of potential customers 5 . you get detailed , easy to follow startup instructions and this is just the tip of the iceberg . . . as you read on you ' ll discover how a ' seen on national tv ' program is paying out excellent returns , every 4 to 5 months from your home , for a minimal initial startup investment of only $ 25 us dollars . all thanks to the computer age and the internet ! this is the letter you have been hearing a lot about recently . due to the popularity of this letter on the internet , a national weekly news program recently devoted an entire show to the investigation of this program described below , to see if it really can make people money . this is what one had to say : ' ' thanks to this profitable opportunity . i was approached many times before but each time i passed on it . i am so glad i finally joined just to see what one could expect in return for the minimal effort and money required . to my astonishment , i received a 6 figure income in 21 weeks , with money still coming in ' ' . pam hedland , fort lee , new jersey . here is another testimonial : ' ' this program has been around for a long time but i never believed in it . but one day when i received this again in the mail i decided to gamble my $ 25 on it . i followed the simple instructions and walaa . . . . . 3 weeks later the money started to come in . first month i only made a small amount of money , but the next 2 months after that i made a total of a good 6 figures . so far , in the past 8 months by re - entering the program , i have made a lot more and i am playing it again . the key to success in this program is to follow the simple steps and not change anything . ' ' more testimonials later but first : * * * * * print this now for your future reference & follow these simple instructions to make your financial dreams true ! * * * * * instructions :             * * * * order all 5 reports shown on the list below . * * * * for each report , send $ 5 u . s . cash , the name & number of the report you are ordering and your e - mail address to the person whose name appears on that list next to the report . make sure your return address is on your envelope top left corner in case of any mail problems . * * * * when you place your order , make sure you order each of the 5 reports * * * * you will need all 5 reports so that you can save them on your computer and resell them . your up - front cost is only $ 5 x 5  $ 25 . 00 . * * * * * * * * * within a few days you will receive , via e - mail , each of the 5 reports from these 5 different individuals . save them on your computer so they will be accessible for you to send to the 1 , 000 ' s of people who may order from you . also make a floppy of these reports and keep it at your desk in case something happens to your computer . * * * * * * * * * * important - do not alter the names of the people who are listed next to each report , or their sequence on the list , in any way other than what is instructed below in steps 1 through 6 or you will loose out on majority of your profits . once you understand the way this works , you will also see how it does not work if you change it . remember , this method has been tested , and if you alter , it will not work ! people have tried to put their friends / relatives names on all five thinking they could get all the money . but it does not work this way . believe us , we all have tried to be greedy and then nothing happened . so do not try to change anything other than what is instructed . because if you do , it will not work for you . remember , honesty reaps the reward ! ! ! 1 . after you have ordered all 5 reports , take this advertisement and remove the name & address of the person in report # 5 . this person has made it through the cycle and is no doubt counting their money . 2 . move the name & address in report # 4 down to report # 5 . 3 . move the name & address in report # 3 down to report # 4 . 4 . move the name & address in report # 2 down to report # 3 . 5 . move the name & address in report # 1 down to report # 2 . 6 . insert your name & address in the report # 1 position . please make sure you copy every name & address accurately ! take this entire letter , with the modified list of names , and save it on your computer . do not make any other changes . save this on a disk as well just in case if you loose any data . to assist you with marketing your business on the internet , the 5 reports you purchase will provide you with invaluable marketing information that includes : how to send bulk e - mails legally , where to find thousands of free classified ads and much , much more . there are 2 primary methods to get this venture going : method # 1 : sending bulk e - mail legally                                        let ' s say that you decide to start small , just to see how it goes , and we will assume you and those involved send out only 5 , 000 e - mails each . let ' s also assume that the mailing receive only a 0 . 2 % response ( the response could be much better but lets just say it is only 0 . 2 % . also , many people may send out hundreds of thousands e - mails instead of only 5 , 000 each ) . continuing with this example , you send out only 5 , 000 e - mails . with a 0 . 2 % response , that is only 10 orders for report # 1 . those 10 people responded by sending out 5 , 000 e - mail each for a total of 50 , 000 . out of those 50 , 000 e - mails only 0 . 2 % responded with orders . that ' s  100 people responded and ordered report # 2 . those 100 people mail out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 500 , 000 e - mails . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 1000 orders for report # 3 . those 1000 people send out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 5 million e - mails sent out . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 10 , 000 orders for report # 4 . those 10 , 000 people send out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 50 , 000 , 000 ( 50 million ) emails . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 100 , 000 orders for report # 5 . that ' s 100 , 000 orders times $ 5 each  $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( a half million ) . your total income in this example is : 1 . . . . . $ 50 + 2 . . . . . $ 500 + 3 . . . . . $ 5 , 000 + 4 . . . . . $ 50 , 000 + 5 . . . . . $ 500 , 000 . . . . . . . . . grand total  $ 555 , 550 . 00 numbers do not lie . get a pencil & paper and figure out the worst possible responses and no matter how you calculate it , you can still make money ! remember friend , this is assuming only 10 people ordering out of 5 , 000 people you mailed . dare to think for a moment what would happen if everyone , or 1 / 2 , or even one 1 / 5 of those people mailed 100 , 000 e - mails each or more ? there are over 500 million people on the internet worldwide and counting . believe me , many people may do just that , and more ! method # 2 : placing free ads on the internet advertising on the net is very , very inexpensive and there are hundreds of free places to advertise . placing a lot of free ads on the internet can easily get a larger response . we strongly suggest you start with method # 1 and add method # 2 as you go along . for every $ 5 you receive , all you must do is e - mail them the report they ordered . that ' s it ! always provide same day service on all orders . this will guarantee that the emails they send out , with your name and address on it , will be prompt because they can not advertise until they receive the report . order each report by its number & name only . note : always send $ 5 cash ( u . s . currency ) for each report . checks or money orders are not accepted . make sure the cash is wrapped in at least 2 sheets of paper before you put it in the envelope . on one of those sheets of paper , write the number and the name of the report you are ordering , your email address , your name and postal address . make sure you affix proper ' international ' postage if ordering a report from outside your country . place your order for these reports now : report 1 : the insider ' s guide to advertising for free on the net . . . order from : p . hynes 6461 mayfield rd brampton , on canada l 6 t 3 z 8 report 2 : the insiders guide to sending bulk e - mail on the net . . . order from : lynn asbill 9400 bluebonnet dr scurry , tx 75158 usa report 3 : secret to multilevel marketing on the net . . . order from : greg grant po box 385 wilberforce , on canada kol 3 co report 4 : how to become a millionaire using mlm & the net . . . order from : lw 50 burnhamthorpe rd w suite 401 mississauga , on canada l 5 b 3 c 2 report 5 : how to send out one million emails & jump start your business . . . order from : bdm consulting po box 890 orem , ut 84059 usa there are currently almost 500 , 000 , 000 people online worldwide ! $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ your success guidelines $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ follow these guidelines to guarantee your success : if you do not receive at least 10 orders for report # 1 within 2 weeks , continue sending e - mails until you do . after you have received 10 orders , 2 to 3 weeks after that you should receive 100 orders or more for report # 2 . if you did not , continue advertising or sending e - mails until you do . once you have received 100 or more orders for report # 2 , you can relax , because the system is already working for you ! this is important to remember : every time your name is moved down on the list , you are placed in front of a different report . you can keep track of your progress by watching which report people are ordering from you . if you want to generate more income send another batch of e - mails and start the whole process again ! ! ! following is a note from the originator of this program : follow the program exactly as instructed . do not change it in any way . it works exceedingly well as it is now . remember to e - mail a copy of this exciting report after you have put your name and address in report # 1 and moved others to # 2 . . . . . . . . . . . # 5 as instructed above . one of the people you send this to may send out 100 , 000 or more e - mails and your name will be on every one of them . remember though , the more you send out the more potential customers you will reach . so my friend , i have given you the ideas , information , materials and opportunity . . . . it is up to you now !                     more testimonials                       ' ' my name is mitchell . my wife , jody and i live in chicago . i am an accountant with a major u . s . corporation and i make pretty good money . when i received this program i grumbled to jody about receiving ' ' junk mail ' ' . i made fun of the whole thing , spouting my knowledge of the population and percentages involved . i ' ' knew ' ' it wouldn ' t work . jody totally ignored my supposed intelligence and few days later she jumped in with both feet . i made merciless fun of her , and was ready to lay the old ' ' i told you so ' ' on her when the thing didn ' t work . well , the laugh was on me ! within 3 weeks she had received 50 responses within the next 45 days she had so many orders and . . . all cash ! i was shocked . i have joined jody in her ' ' hobby ' ' . mitchell wolf m . d . , chicago , illinois ' ' not being the gambling type , it took me several weeks to make up my mind to participate in this plan . but conservative that i am , i decided that the initial investment was so little that there was just no way that i wouldn ' t get enough orders to at least get my money back ' ' . ' ' i was surprised when i found my medium size post office box crammed with orders . i made a large 6 figure income in the first 12 weeks . the nice thing about this deal is that it does not matter where people live . there simply isn ' t a better investment with a faster return and so big ' ' . dan sondstrom , alberta , canada ' ' i had received this program before . i deleted it , but later i wondered if i should have given it a try . of course , i had no idea who to contact to get another copy , so i had to wait until i was e - mailed again by someone else . . . . . . . . 11 months passed then it luckily came again . . . . . . i did not delete this one ! i made a six figure income on my first try and all the money came within 22 weeks ' ' . susan de suza , new york , n . y . ' ' it really is a great opportunity to make relatively easy money with little cost to you . i followed the simple instructions carefully and within 10 days the money started to come in . my first month i made a substantial income and by the end of the third month my total cash count was a healthy 6 figure income . life is beautiful , thanks to internet ' ' . fred dellaca , westport , new zealand order your reports today and get started on your road to generating extra income ! disclaimer : the sender or participants of this marketing program cannot verify any monetary claims made in this document , nor do they assume responsibility for same . as with any business you have the risk of loss . no " guarantee " can be made as to the amount of money you will make , or the benefits you may receive with this program . this is not a chain letter . we advertise the sale of information and a legal business of reselling that information . if you have any doubts , please consult your attorney . best of luck in your new business venture ! ! 26138654332222 - - irish linux users ' group social events : social @ linux . ie http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / social for ( un ) subscription information . list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie 
2	Subject: re : next visit to houston ed , i shall be available on both days . what about wednesday , july 12 , between 1 : 30 and 4 : 00 . please , let me know what time would work for you . it will be nice to see you again . vince p . s . by the way , did you have a chance to take a look at the eol ? " edward krapels " on 06 / 28 / 2000 02 : 49 : 41 pm please respond to ekrapels @ esaibos . com to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : next visit to houston dear vince , i will be returning to houston during the week of july 10 . esai and weather services international have launched - - after more than 18 months of r & d - - our service , called energycast power trader and energycast gas trader , for power traders in nepool and pjm . i would be happy to review the service with you as well as take you on a tour of our web site . are you available on july 12 - 13 ? sincerely , ed krapels - 61900 _ wsiesai _ energycast . doc 
2	Subject: fw : abandoned pipe ownership fyi , kim . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lebeau , randy sent : monday , march 25 , 2002 1 : 57 pm to : watson , kimberly subject : fw : abandoned pipe ownership kim , could you let me know who the team can talk to about their concern over tw pipe ownership ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sunray - compressor , team sent : monday , march 25 , 2002 10 : 51 am to : lebeau , randy cc : trout , lonnie subject : abandoned pipe ownership randy - tony has some concerns about the possible ownership of some of the abandoned pipe from the tw system . we had assumed that all of the pipe was either sold or abandoned . tony said that lonnie seemed to have some information about what may still be under ets ' ownership ? we would like to identify exactly what we need to be responsible for so that it can be adequately protected against possible encroachment problems . thanks ! - weldon 
2	Subject: re : follow - up on siam workshop thanks for forwarding peter ' s resume . by copy of this memo i am forwarding peter ' s resume to danny mccarty and phil lowry . danny and phil : please follow - up with vince if you have an interest in meeting with peter . he seems to be a very qualified candidate . vince j kaminski @ ect 04 / 30 / 2001 02 : 28 pm to : stanley horton / corp / enron @ enron , danny mccarty / et & s / enron @ enron cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : follow - up on siam workshop i am forwarding for your attention the resume of peter percell who has an extensive experience in modeling physical flows of natural gas in pipeline systems . peter is looking currently for a job . i met him last week at the meeting of the science and industry advance with mathematics society at the university of houston . the application of recent developments in optimization theory and numerical methods can help enron to improve further efficiency of our pipeline system and reduce the consumption of compressor fuel . please , let me know if you interested in introducing peter to executives in your organization . i shall be glad to make arrangements for an interview . vince kaminski - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 30 / 2001 02 : 17 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - peter percell on 04 / 30 / 2001 11 : 16 : 58 am to : vincent kaminski cc : subject : follow - up on siam workshop i enjoyed your presentation , and meeting you briefly afterwards , at the siam workshop last friday . i have extensive experience as a technical leader in the design and development of modeling and simulation software products , mostly for the oil and gas pipeline industry . i am looking for a position that can utilize my software development and mathematical skills . getting out of the narrow confines of the pipeline simulation industry would be a plus . please consider whether i might fit in your group . your answer to a question indicated that i have several of the skills you look for . also , please let me know , by email , the names and contact information of other managers within enron who might benefit from having someone with my qualifications in their group . attached are my resume and an addendum covering academic & consulting experience . publications are available on request . i will call you in a couple of days to follow up on this email . thank you for your time . peter percell 10030 doliver drive percell @ swbell . net houston , tx 77042 - 2016 ( 713 ) 532 - 3836 voice & fax - percell , peter resume only . doc - percell , peter a & c exp . doc 
2	Subject: online flirting 15 , 000 + emails will be sent from horny house wifes to men they want to fuck . will you get one ? 250 + married women will cheat on their husbands . will you sleep with one ? 30 , 000 + women will login and look for a man to fuck . will you be found ? click here to enter we have proof that our members get laid - the numbers don ' t lie ! stop waiting and get laid now ! more than 100 , 000 horny women who want sex with no commitments . come fuck one tonight . click here to enter  
2	Subject: cleburne cleburne should be it ' s own desk . rick hill should be set up as trader / head of desk . let me know if you have more questions . dave 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe lliustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion builder 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop elements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , krystai  
2	Subject: enron mentions fall of a power giant : bailout is unlikely if enron goes under , as u . s . thinks impact would be limited the wall street journal , 11 / 29 / 01 enron ' s woes may ripple out to others - - - if energy company files for bankruptcy , results are likely to be messy the wall street journal , 11 / 29 / 01 fall of a power giant : bailout is unlikely if enron goes under , as u . s . thinks impact would be limited the wall street journal , 11 / 29 / 01 enron ' s meltdown may also be felt by big mutual funds the wall street journal , 11 / 29 / 01 why credit agencies didn ' t switch off enron - - - s & p cries ` junk , ' but the warning comes too late the wall street journal , 11 / 29 / 01 why credit agencies didn ' t switch off enron - - - energy trading bears the brunt of enron woes the wall street journal , 11 / 29 / 01 fall of a power giant : chairman ' s deep political connections run silent the wall street journal , 11 / 29 / 01 dynegy and chevrontexaco slide along with plunge in enron stock the wall street journal , 11 / 29 / 01 dollar declines against yen and euro amid growing doubts on u . s . economy the wall street journal , 11 / 29 / 01 dynegy ' s move to disconnect enron merger powers volatility spike as investors seek cover the wall street journal , 11 / 29 / 01 enron asks staff to drop 401 ( k ) suits for severance the wall street journal , 11 / 29 / 01 nvidia to replace enron in s & p the wall street journal , 11 / 29 / 01 enron collapses as suitor cancels plans for merger the new york times , 11 / 29 / 01 a bankruptcy filing might be the best remaining choice the new york times , 11 / 29 / 01 an implosion on wall street the new york times , 11 / 29 / 01 citigroup and j . p . morgan are left with bruised egos and exposure to loans the new york times , 11 / 29 / 01 in turbulent bond market , enron ' s woes exacerbate turmoil the new york times , 11 / 29 / 01 a big fall evoking nasty old memories of a run on a bank the new york times , 11 / 29 / 01 foundation gives way on chief ' s big dream the new york times , 11 / 29 / 01 market that deals in risks faces a novel one the new york times , 11 / 29 / 01 investors pull back as enron drags down key indexes the new york times , 11 / 29 / 01 debt rankings finally fizzle , but the deal fizzled first the new york times , 11 / 29 / 01 global investing - bond mutual funds suffer as enron ' s troubles deepen . financial times , 11 / 29 / 01 companies & finance the americas - sec filing triggered merger crisis . financial times , 11 / 29 / 01 companies & finance the americas - financial system braces for a chain reaction . financial times , 11 / 29 / 01 companies & finance the americas - traders avoid exposure to junk status fallout . financial times , 11 / 29 / 01 companies other firms reasuring investors houston chronicle , 11 / 29 / 01 bankruptcy filing by enron could be largest ever houston chronicle , 11 / 29 / 01 ballpark place project stopped dead in tracks houston chronicle , 11 / 29 / 01 fall of a power giant : bailout is unlikely if enron goes under , as u . s . thinks impact would be limited by greg ip and jathon sapsford staff reporters of the wall street journal 11 / 29 / 2001 the wall street journal al 0 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) washington - - if enron corp . goes under , the government is unlikely to throw it a lifeline . at its peak , enron was a major participant in the country ' s financial and energy markets . but economic and financial policy makers say they aren ' t worried about any broader blow to markets or business activity . despite frequent comparisons to long - term capital management , the hedge fund whose 1998 nose dive panicked global financial markets and triggered an unusual bailout brokered by the federal reserve , there has been so far no public sign of any attempt by the fed , the treasury or energy regulators to take similar action on behalf of enron or its creditors . officials from a range of economic and regulatory agencies have insisted in recent days that while they have been closely monitoring enron ' s situation , they haven ' t seen any reason to be concerned about possible ripple effects . enron " is just one piece of a very big market , " said john mielke , chief of market surveillance at the commodity futures trading commission . mr . mielke said he saw no evidence that enron ' s problems have disrupted trading on the futures exchanges monitored by the cftc . " these are deep and pretty big markets that enron is in , " echoed william gilmer , an economist at the federal reserve bank of dallas . it is too soon to say exactly what the total damage from enron ' s potential demise will be . one danger is that a blowup in the company ' s complex , largely unregulated portfolio of derivatives could infect financial markets in wide and unpredictable ways , just as ltcm ' s did . another worry : that the collapse of a major middleman in natural - gas and power markets could disrupt supplies . enron does share some characteristics with ltcm , including widespread activities in complicated financial instruments in numerous markets , with little detailed public explanation of those activities , and little regulatory oversight of those trades . its public disclosures suggest enron ' s exposures are substantial . a quarterly filing listed $ 18 . 7 billion in assets and an equal amount of liabilities related to " price risk management activities " as of sept . 30 . the filing gives no description or breakdown of those amounts and little detail about the derivatives in which enron transacts as a normal part of business . ( a derivative is a financial contract whose value is designed to track the return on stocks , bonds , currencies or other benchmark . ) an enron spokeswoman didn ' t return a call seeking comment . as enron ' s woes deepened , the government ' s hands were tied in even assessing the situation , in part because the company was part of a coalition of energy companies and banks that lobbied successfully three years ago against cftc efforts to expand regulation of the over - the - counter energy market . enron also worked behind the scene to head off cftc ' s direct regulation of the energy concern ' s enrononline trading operation . there have been some signs in markets of concerns about enron fallout . interest rates on bonds of utilities and energy companies rose by one - to two - tenths of a percentage point relative to treasurys yesterday . by day ' s end , the dow jones industrial average was off 160 . 74 points , a decline blamed in part on the enron news . those are relatively small hiccups . the betting is the impact of enron ' s troubles on the financial system will be widespread but thin . enron was a favorite borrower among lenders , and its loans were among the most widely syndicated among the banking system , both at home and abroad . for example , a $ 2 . 25 billion credit facility arranged for enron in may by citigroup inc . and j . p . morgan chase & co . was distributed to 50 different institutions , according to loan pricing corp . , a credit - market research company . those syndication members sold off chunks of that debt to other investors , according to a banker at one of the underwriters . j . p . morgan chase said in a statement that it has $ 500 million of unsecured exposure to enron entities , including loans , letters of credit and derivatives . it said it also has secured exposures , including $ 400 million in loans secured by enron pipelines . while this exposure is expected to smart , it represents a small fraction of j . p . morgan chase ' s total assets of $ 715 billion . citigroup declined to comment on its exposure to enron , but officials familiar with the matter said the bank ' s exposure is similar to that of j . p . morgan chase . beyond financial fallout , a concern is the potential impact on energy markets and what that could do to the economy . enron ' s troubles could hamper efforts to end the recession if the company ' s difficulties make it impossible for it to deliver natural gas or electricity to its customers . natural - gas prices rose sharply yesterday in the minutes after three major credit - rating agencies downgraded enron ' s rating and dynegy inc . said it was calling off its purchase . but the move quickly reversed when traders digested gas - inventory numbers released in the afternoon that showed utilities have stored enough gas to meet demand ahead of the winter heating season . " we ' ve seen no interruptions in physical deliveries and no pricing reaction in the futures markets that you could attribute to enron , " said scott miller , director of market development for the federal energy regulatory commission . " revenues and transactions are occurring normally as far as we can tell . " - - - michael schroeder , chip cummins and john fialka contributed to this article . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron ' s woes may ripple out to others - - - if energy company files for bankruptcy , results are likely to be messy by henny sender and richard b . schmitt staff reporters of the wall street journal 11 / 29 / 2001 the wall street journal a 3 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) the sudden , deep financial troubles of enron corp . , the once aggressive , many - tentacled energy conglomerate , could have widespread consequences for scores of companies across the economy . if enron files for protection under chapter 11 of the federal bankruptcy code , as many investors and financial experts now expect , it is likely to be one of the messiest , most complex bankruptcy cases ever , lawyers say . that is because of the multifaceted nature of enron ' s once highflying operations , which combined a global energy business with a massive financial - trading operation involving tens of billions of dollars in complex contracts . yesterday , amid the unraveling of a last - ditch merger with dynegy inc . , the company ' s credit was downgraded to " junk " status by rating agency standard & poor ' s corp . enron has about 800 trading partners or creditors . the stock market , signaling that a bankruptcy filing is expected , hammered enron stock , which was halted for a time yesterday , and knocked lower some of its financial backers ' shares . enron shares closed at 4 p . m . in new york stock exchange composite trading at 61 cents , down $ 3 . 50 , or 85 % . enron bonds also fell sharply , dropping to 50 cents on the dollar from around 55 cents , reflecting concerns over how much creditors might receive if the company does seek bankruptcy - court protection . j . p . morgan chase and citigroup , which have invested hundreds of millions of dollars in hopes of keeping the enron - dynegy deal alive , also saw their stocks fall . at 4 p . m . in nyse composite trading , j . p . morgan shares were down $ 2 . 30 to $ 37 . 50 , while citigroup shares were down $ 2 . 75 to $ 47 . 80 . j . p . morgan chase said in a statement it has about $ 500 million of unsecured exposure to enron entities , including loans , letters of credit , and derivatives . it said it also has secured exposures , including $ 400 million in loans secured by enron pipelines . other companies also disclosed their exposures to enron . exelon corp . , an energy concern in chicago , said its power - trading arm has a direct net exposure to enron of less than $ 10 million , based on its current book of business and existing market prices . exelon said its direct gross exposure based on sales to enron is less than $ 20 million . exelon said this is partly offset by $ 10 million that it owes to enron . still , while the fallout from a potential bankruptcy filing would be widespread , federal regulators appear little concerned that it could inflict significant damage to the u . s . economy . ( see related article on page al 0 . ) the scale of the enron collapse is huge , experts say . " there is nothing to compare it to , " said edward tillinghast , a bankruptcy specialist with coudert brothers in new york . " the business was so large . there were so many different kinds of operating entities under the enron umbrella . " in a way , he added , a filing would represent all the challenges of two of the biggest bankruptcies in recent years - - this past spring ' s chapter 11 filing by pg & e corp . ' s pacific gas & electric utility unit , and the demise of drexel burnham lambert , the wall street securities firm that failed more than a decade ago . a filing by enron , with about $ 13 billion in debt , would rank among the largest bankruptcy filings ever . bankruptcy lawyers and creditors ' rights specialists , already swamped with a wealth of work from a boom in chapter 11 filings during the last 18 months , said they had been contacted by worried banks and other lenders to enron , seeking to retain them in the event of a chapter 11 filing . enron spokeswoman karen denne said the company is exploring its options and wouldn ' t comment on whether it has retained bankruptcy counsel . but lawyers said the company was already in discussions about retaining its own counsel . among the likely advisers is new york law firm weil gotshal the idea is to protect all parties from market risk as the value of those contracts can fluctuate from day to day , and to avoid a larger financial meltdown . that means enron ' s counterparties are free to close out such transactions , rather than file claims in a bankruptcy proceeding reflecting the total notional amount of any trades . in other words , a securities firm that is a counterparty to enron in many financial contracts would tally up how much it owes enron under such contracts and how much enron owes it , offsetting the amounts against each other . but this process is ripe for conflicts , as disputes easily could arise over the value of the contracts . " it is an incredibly complex piece of financial engineering , " andrew rahl , a bankruptcy lawyer at anderson kill & olick in new york , said of the process . how much collateral those counterparties could seize isn ' t at all clear , either . enron was considered very aggressive in negotiating agreements such as swaps , where a party trades an obligation to pay a floating interest rate for a fixed interest rate on given securities . the speed with which the company ' s finances have deteriorated further reduces the odds that its trading partners will be able to get paid anytime soon . without any security , counterparty claims would go into the probably massive general pool of claims from unsecured creditors . besides banks and bondholders , dozens of companies , municipalities and utilities that had signed multiyear power contracts with enron may be left in the lurch . over the years , the likes of retailer j . c . penney co . , and shopping - mall company simon property group , of indianapolis , signed on with enron , as it undercut local utilities in newly deregulated markets . any bankruptcy also is likely to trigger collateral lawsuits , as aggrieved parties look for alternative deep pockets . one possible target , analysts said , could be advisers that helped enron establish off - balance - sheet vehicles and other debt related to troubled investment partnerships , which have triggered massive losses in recent weeks . moreover , enron directors themselves could be vulnerable , too . yesterday , enron named raymond s . troubh , a new york financial consultant , to its board as chairman of a newly formed special litigation committee to evaluate claims in shareholder and other derivative lawsuits . at the same time , any filing would give enron some advantages , most notably greater ease in securing financing . this is because once companies file for protection , any new cash infusion from the banks has an overriding claim on any of the company ' s assets , at the expense of previous lenders . in addition , potential buyers for enron businesses may be more likely to emerge once the company is operating with court protection and the depth of its problems are known . " there is a certain comfort level that buyers have when buying a business in a chapter 11 case that doesn ' t exist when a company is struggling outside of bankruptcy , " said keith shapiro , a bankruptcy lawyer at greenberg traurig in chicago . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . fall of a power giant : bailout is unlikely if enron goes under , as u . s . thinks impact would be limited by greg ip and jathon sapsford staff reporters of the wall street journal 11 / 29 / 2001 the wall street journal al 0 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) washington - - if enron corp . goes under , the government is unlikely to throw it a lifeline . at its peak , enron was a major participant in the country ' s financial and energy markets . but economic and financial policy makers say they aren ' t worried about any broader blow to markets or business activity . despite frequent comparisons to long - term capital management , the hedge fund whose 1998 nose dive panicked global financial markets and triggered an unusual bailout brokered by the federal reserve , there has been so far no public sign of any attempt by the fed , the treasury or energy regulators to take similar action on behalf of enron or its creditors . officials from a range of economic and regulatory agencies have insisted in recent days that while they have been closely monitoring enron ' s situation , they haven ' t seen any reason to be concerned about possible ripple effects . enron " is just one piece of a very big market , " said john mielke , chief of market surveillance at the commodity futures trading commission . mr . mielke said he saw no evidence that enron ' s problems have disrupted trading on the futures exchanges monitored by the cftc . " these are deep and pretty big markets that enron is in , " echoed william gilmer , an economist at the federal reserve bank of dallas . it is too soon to say exactly what the total damage from enron ' s potential demise will be . one danger is that a blowup in the company ' s complex , largely unregulated portfolio of derivatives could infect financial markets in wide and unpredictable ways , just as ltcm ' s did . another worry : that the collapse of a major middleman in natural - gas and power markets could disrupt supplies . enron does share some characteristics with ltcm , including widespread activities in complicated financial instruments in numerous markets , with little detailed public explanation of those activities , and little regulatory oversight of those trades . its public disclosures suggest enron ' s exposures are substantial . a quarterly filing listed $ 18 . 7 billion in assets and an equal amount of liabilities related to " price risk management activities " as of sept . 30 . the filing gives no description or breakdown of those amounts and little detail about the derivatives in which enron transacts as a normal part of business . ( a derivative is a financial contract whose value is designed to track the return on stocks , bonds , currencies or other benchmark . ) an enron spokeswoman didn ' t return a call seeking comment . as enron ' s woes deepened , the government ' s hands were tied in even assessing the situation , in part because the company was part of a coalition of energy companies and banks that lobbied successfully three years ago against cftc efforts to expand regulation of the over - the - counter energy market . enron also worked behind the scene to head off cftc ' s direct regulation of the energy concern ' s enrononline trading operation . there have been some signs in markets of concerns about enron fallout . interest rates on bonds of utilities and energy companies rose by one - to two - tenths of a percentage point relative to treasurys yesterday . by day ' s end , the dow jones industrial average was off 160 . 74 points , a decline blamed in part on the enron news . those are relatively small hiccups . the betting is the impact of enron ' s troubles on the financial system will be widespread but thin . enron was a favorite borrower among lenders , and its loans were among the most widely syndicated among the banking system , both at home and abroad . for example , a $ 2 . 25 billion credit facility arranged for enron in may by citigroup inc . and j . p . morgan chase & co . was distributed to 50 different institutions , according to loan pricing corp . , a credit - market research company . those syndication members sold off chunks of that debt to other investors , according to a banker at one of the underwriters . j . p . morgan chase said in a statement that it has $ 500 million of unsecured exposure to enron entities , including loans , letters of credit and derivatives . it said it also has secured exposures , including $ 400 million in loans secured by enron pipelines . while this exposure is expected to smart , it represents a small fraction of j . p . morgan chase ' s total assets of $ 715 billion . citigroup declined to comment on its exposure to enron , but officials familiar with the matter said the bank ' s exposure is similar to that of j . p . morgan chase . beyond financial fallout , a concern is the potential impact on energy markets and what that could do to the economy . enron ' s troubles could hamper efforts to end the recession if the company ' s difficulties make it impossible for it to deliver natural gas or electricity to its customers . natural - gas prices rose sharply yesterday in the minutes after three major credit - rating agencies downgraded enron ' s rating and dynegy inc . said it was calling off its purchase . but the move quickly reversed when traders digested gas - inventory numbers released in the afternoon that showed utilities have stored enough gas to meet demand ahead of the winter heating season . " we ' ve seen no interruptions in physical deliveries and no pricing reaction in the futures markets that you could attribute to enron , " said scott miller , director of market development for the federal energy regulatory commission . " revenues and transactions are occurring normally as far as we can tell . " - - - michael schroeder , chip cummins and john fialka contributed to this article . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron ' s meltdown may also be felt by big mutual funds 11 / 29 / 2001 the wall street journal cl 3 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - - some of the largest mutual funds in the country that jumped on enron corp . shares when they were soaring now may be feeling the pain of the stock ' s meltdown . the energy - trading company ' s stock was held in funds managed by fidelity investments , stilwell financial inc . ' s janus capital corp . , alliance capital management and putnam investments , according to the funds ' most recent securities and exchange commission filings . vanguard group held the stock in various portfolios , including its giant passively managed index funds , according to its filings . one of the biggest supporters of the stock has been alliance premier growth fund , an $ 11 billion portfolio that had about 4 % of its assets in enron shares as of sept . 30 , according to fund tracker morningstar inc . based on the sept . 30 filing , the fund ' s stake had dropped in value by about $ 445 million through yesterday . of course , alliance premier and other funds may have sold or bought enron shares since they made their latest government filings . an alliance spokesman declined to comment . other funds reporting big stakes in enron recently included janus mercury fund , which had 3 . 6 % of its assets invested in enron stock on april 30 . a janus spokeswoman said its funds had sold all of their enron shares by mid - november . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . credit markets why credit agencies didn ' t switch off enron - - - s & p cries ` junk , ' but the warning comes too late by gregory zuckerman and jathon sapsford staff reporters of the wall street journal 11 / 29 / 2001 the wall street journal cl ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) at 10 : 57 a . m . est yesterday , an announcement came out that effectively scuttled dynegy inc . ' s proposed takeover of enron corp . it was issued not by the two companies or their bankers , but by a behind - the - scenes player that was pivotal in the deal from the start . the news came from standard & poor ' s , which lowered enron ' s credit rating to " junk " status , because of concern about the energy trading company ' s financial condition . the move , followed by similar downgrades by moody ' s investors service inc . and fitch inc . several hours later , prompted dynegy to announce that it was walking away from the multibillion dollar deal . the downgrades highlight the key role that credit - rating agencies - - which are sometimes only bit players - - are having in one of the biggest wall street dramas in years . before they became deal breakers , the ratings agencies had emerged as unlikely deal makers just a few weeks ago , by leaving enron little choice but to seek a merger partner or face a downgrade that would have made it difficult to keep running its business . throughout the enron saga , the rating agencies found themselves the target of repeated and intense lobbying by enron , dynegy and their bankers at j . p . morgan chase & co . and citigroup inc . all tried - - and ultimately failed - - to come up with assurances that the merger would bolster enron and thus protect bondholders and lenders from suffering losses . the dramatic downgrades are sure to increase scrutiny over the role of the rating agencies in the enron situation . critics say that , in waiting until enron ' s bonds already had plummeted in value , the ratings agencies failed in their job of anticipating a company ' s financial problems and giving investors an early warning . it now seems clear that the rating agencies , like most securities analysts , seem to have too easily accepted enron ' s murky financial reporting , which gave the impression that the company ' s balance sheet was stronger than it was . as recently as late october , both moody ' s corp . ' s moody ' s and mcgraw - hill cos . ' s & p had a solid investment - grade rating on enron ' s debt . but since credit - rating agencies often have access to company information that securities analysts often don ' t have , the rating agencies could take some heat for not anticipating the financial difficulties . bond investors , for instance , say s & p was prematurely upbeat about enron ' s outlook earlier this month , and long ago should have demanded more information from the company . " if the rating agencies were privy all along to information that , as near as i can tell , was nonpublic regarding these off - balance - sheet liabilities , then their judgment looks even more faulty , " says carol levenson of gimme credit , a chicago - based analyst . others wonder whether the ratings executives should have lowered the rating to junk days ago , when enron ' s problems became obvious . while such a move would have crippled the company ' s ability to find a suitor , holding off on the ratings move hurt stock and bond investors left holding the securities . " i don ' t think the consequences of a rating action should have anything to do with whether one takes that rating action or not , if one feels it ' s warranted , " ms . levenson says . " i don ' t think there was any doubt enron was a junk credit . " the ratings agencies counter that enron ' s financial condition , while weakened , became precarious only in the past few days , and given the consequences of a downgrade they needed to be prudent . indeed , every party to the deal - - until yesterday - - kept working to provide financial infusions to enron to keep the deal alive . enron executives were particularly desperate to hold off a ratings downgrade . once the debt was lowered to junk status from investment grade , a whopping $ 3 . 9 billion of debt immediately became due , jeopardizing enron ' s ability to stay afloat . worries about such a debt downgrade weeks ago pushed enron into the merger with dynegy , despite reservations from some enron executives about whether the deal was right . enron pledged some of its best assets to secure a $ 500 million investment from j . p . morgan chase and citigroup ' s citibank , and agreed to strict terms demanded by banks to get an emergency $ 1 billion credit line from various banks . in recent days , the two companies worked to restructure their merger and to raise still more liquidity for enron . by 4 p . m . tuesday , the credit agencies agreed to hold off on a downgrade , convinced the two sides were making progress in restructuring the deal and drumming up new money for enron . in a conference call , ron barone , a managing director at s & p , told enron executives he was willing to wait on a decision , aware of the serious consequences of a downgrade . " we ' ll be very patient and diligent " because of the progress being made , he told them , according to someone familiar with the conversation . as late as 10 : 30 p . m . tuesday , a new deal still seemed in sight . but at about 2 a . m . yesterday , the talks broke down . instead of being briefed about terms of a new merger agreement , the credit - agency executives became doubtful a resolution would ever be reached . in a late morning phone call to jeff mcmahon , enron ' s chief financial officer , mr . barone broke the news that the company ' s credit would be downgraded . " we lost confidence the deal would be consummated in a way that would keep the rating intact , " mr . barone says in an interview . " enron ' s credibility and viability continued to diminish . they were aware of our concerns . " s & p downgraded enron ' s corporate - credit rating two full grades to single - b - minus , near the lower end of the junk - bond world , from triple - b - minus , the lowest investment - grade level . moody ' s lowered the debt to b 2 from baa 3 . in a late - afternoon conference call with investors , s & p executives said the rating could still be lowered further , on the heels of the official announcement that the merger with dynegy was off . responding to criticism that the credit agencies should have downgraded enron ' s debt sooner , mr . barone of s & p notes that the rating agency wasn ' t " privy to everything . " still , he adds , until yesterday " we were confident it was an investment - grade company , and that the merger would give it the security to enable enron to function at an investment - grade level . " on the flip side , of course , if enron is forced into bankruptcy , the rating agencies may well catch heat that their impact was too drastic , effectively killing the deal . treasurys treasurys ended slightly higher . at 4 p . m . , the benchmark 10 - year treasury note was up 1 / 32 point , or 31 cents per $ 1 , 000 face value , at 100 15 / 32 to yield 4 . 938 % . the 30 - year treasury bond ' s price also was up 1 / 32 point , at 100 9 / 32 to yield 5 . 355 % . the dow jones industrial average ended with a loss of 160 . 74 points . investors often shift funds to the relative safety of the government securities market at times when stocks are weak . a treasury sale of $ 21 billion of two - year notes drew less demand than expected . the bid - to - cover ratio , a gauge of demand comparing the dollar value of bids received with those awarded , was 1 . 51 , well below the 2 . 53 average of the past 12 auctions . also somewhat bearish for the bond market was release of the fed ' s beige book report , an assessment of economic conditions around the country in advance of policy meetings . policy makers are to meet again dec . 11 . although the report cited weakness in the economy , it didn ' t encourage people in the bond market to expect further rate cuts by the fed , analysts said . " not everybody is in the camp that the fed ' s going to ease again , " said kevin flanagan , market strategist at morgan stanley . two - year notes here are results of yesterday ' s treasury auction of two - year notes . all bids are awarded at a single price at the market - clearing yield . rates are determined by the difference between that price and the face value . applications . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 31 , 761 , 220 , 000 accepted bids . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 21 , 000 , 020 , 000 bids at market - clearing yld accepted 14 . 96 % accepted noncompetitively . . . . . . . . . . . $ 774 , 120 , 000 accepted frgn noncomp . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 0 auction price ( rate ) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 99 . 985 ( 3 . 008 % ) interest rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 % cusip number . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9128277 gl the notes are dated nov . 30 , 2001 , and mature nov . 30 , 2003 . ( see related article : " commodities : energy trading bears the brunt of enron woes " - - wsj nov . 29 , 2001 ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . commodities why credit agencies didn ' t switch off enron - - - energy trading bears the brunt of enron woes by peter a . mckay staff reporter of the wall street journal 11 / 29 / 2001 the wall street journal cl ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) less than a month ago , enron corp . ' s electronic trading system was the largest of its kind in the world , accounting for a quarter of all the natural gas and electricity delivered in the u . s . yesterday , the system was shut down , a victim of enron ' s failed deal with dynegy inc . while the rise and sudden fall of enron rippled throughout financial markets yesterday , nowhere was it more immediately evident than in energy trading , an arena utterly transformed by enron in recent years . since the late 1990 s , enrononline had established itself as the dominant electronic energy marketplace - - and major competitor of the traditional futures exchanges - - as it grew to handle an average of 5 , 400 trades a day , with a value of about $ 2 . 8 billion . but a flight away from enron began weeks ago , as initial news of the company ' s woes began to spread . because enron itself guaranteed trades on its platform , fears grew that the company might not be able to complete many of the transactions . the exodus of trading activity from enrononline accelerated throughout the day yesterday , culminating in the system ' s shutdown around midday , when quotes on the system ' s internet trading screens simply went blank . by 3 : 30 p . m . est , some trading had resumed in natural gas , though spokesman eric thode declined to say whether enron ' s markets would be open today . " that ' s part of an evaluation that ' s ongoing , " he said . on the floor of the new york mercantile exchange , a traditional floor - based futures market , natural - gas trading volume almost doubled yesterday to 116 , 000 contracts . while enron ' s woes were the main driver behind the surge , the market also reacted to important storage data from the american gas association . natural - gas prices jumped about 25 cents yesterday morning on an initial reaction to the enron news , near $ 3 per million british thermal units , then slipped back as the aga announced that gas storage had grown by 16 billion cubic feet to an all - time high . the nearby december contract fell 29 cents to $ 2 . 315 per million btus . " anyone who jumped into the gas market on the enron news is praying right now [ that prices recover ] , " guy gleichmann , senior energy trader at barkely financial . " it should only be a short - term factor in the market . " he said enron ' s collapse has helped gas prices because it is mainly seen as a threat to the overall gas supply . traders assume enrononline ' s problems won ' t affect actual energy deliveries , because whoever takes over enron ' s assets is expected to honor those commitments . meantime , anticipating potential fallout from the enron problems , energy firms also have been reducing their financial risk in the energy markets by unwinding complex derivatives bets , either by hedging against them or taking delivery of the physical commodity . in the future , those firms are likely to favor straightforward cash transactions for energy as a result of the enron meltdown . " if anything , the enron situation has really simplified this market , " mr . gleichmann said . yesterday on the , enron ' s primary electronic rival , traders waited up to five minutes to log in , said jeff sprecher , the online market ' s chief executive . he said it seemed most traders were just jockeying for position at first , assessing the newfound risk before actually making any trades . within the first 15 minutes after standard & poor ' s initial downgrade of enron , mr . sprecher said , the number of bids and offers on dropped by almost a third , to 2 , 200 . " by the end of the day , though , we expect this will probably be a record day for us , " said mr . sprecher , who estimated the system ' s overall volume is up 45 % this month . he expects much of that gain to be permanent on ice , although he cautioned that a loss of enrononline from the marketplace would have a downside , since its presence created opportunities to trade spreads between the two platforms . nymex president j . robert collins warned it is still too early to declare enrononline dead . but he said its difficulties bode well for his exchange ' s internet - based system , dubbed enymex , now in development . " because of credit issues involving enron , companies might be more hesitant to trade there , " he said . " so we have a better shot with enymex than we did three or four months ago . " ronald j . barone , managing director for energy research at ubs warburg , said enrononline ' s value to prospective acquirers will drop quickly in coming days , if the business continues to decline . " dynegy really liked enrononline , but look at how much business the platform ' s been losing , " said mr . barone , who downgraded enron ' s stock yesterday to a hold . " there ' s also a question of how many more skeletons there are in the closet . " in commodity trading yesterday : grains : futures prices on corn , wheat and soybeans all fell again at the chicago board of trade as what was described as a technical - based selloff accelerated . december - delivery corn futures sank to $ 1 . 9850 a bushel late in the session , which wiped out the old contract low . the contract ended up settling down five cents at $ 1 . 9875 a bushel . crude oil : crude - oil futures slipped 26 cents to $ 19 . 22 a barrel after weekly inventory data showed a larger - than - expected five - million - barrel build in distillates supplies , which include heating oil . high refinery runs and imports were behind the build , analysts said . the contract might have fallen even more , except for a modest drop reported for crude - oil stocks . - - - dyanna decola contributed to this article . ( see related article : " credit markets : s & p cries ` junk , ' but the warning comes too late " - - wsj nov . 29 , 2001 ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . fall of a power giant : chairman ' s deep political connections run silent by bob davis staff reporter of the wall street journal 11 / 29 / 2001 the wall street journal al 0 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) for years , enron corp . chairman kenneth lay has been george w . bush ' s best friend in the board rooms of america ' s top corporations . since 1993 , mr . lay and enron have donated nearly $ 2 million to mr . bush ' s political career , making them mr . bush ' s biggest backers . when mr . bush was texas governor , mr . lay , a houston resident , helped him win passage of a state education - reform plan that brought mr . bush national acclaim . during that fight , mr . lay got to know aides who became power players in the bush white house . mr . lay was confident enough of his friendship with mr . bush that he even needled him for needing arthroscopic surgery to repair a jogging injury . " i want you to know that at least one jogger [ me ] got past 50 without that surgery , " mr . lay scribbled in a note to then governor in 1997 . still , as enron faces its greatest crisis , mr . lay ' s influence and personal relationships with the administration have amounted to little . there appears to be no effort by the white house or congress to bail enron out of its difficulties , which are widely seen as self - inflicted . the white house had no comment on mr . lay ' s predicament , a spokeswoman said . indeed , short of an actual bailout to help enron meet its obligations - - such as an aid package approved by congress or organized by government officials from private sources , similar to the rescue of the long term capital management hedge fund - - there is little washington can do at this stage to help the company . nor is there likely to be a bailout , since enron has burned many bridges on capitol hill with its history of strong - arm lobbying tactics , some congressional aides say . that may reassure a cynical public , says robert mosbacher , commerce secretary in the first bush administration and a longtime friend of the current president as well as mr . lay . " i don ' t see anybody being let off the hook , " he said . mr . mosbacher says he introduced mr . lay to the bush family around 1987 , when he persuaded mr . lay to help raise money for george h . w . bush ' s successful presidential bid in 1988 . mr . lay contributed $ 461 , 000 to the younger mr . bush ' s two successful gubernatorial campaigns . he also made enron ' s fleet of corporate jets available to mr . bush and won his help in lobbying officials in other states considering enron projects . his influence with then - gov . bush was based on more than money . mr . lay was one of the state ' s leading business executives and deeply involved in texas politics . under mr . bush ' s predecessor , democrat ann richards , mr . lay headed the governor ' s business council , a state advisory board . mr . bush asked him to stay on the job to help develop an educational reform plan and sell it to the texas legislature . in that capacity , mr . lay became close to several bush aides , including political guru karl rove and communications adviser karen hughes , who have taken positions at the white house . he also got to know another leading texas businessman : dick cheney , then ceo of dallas oil concern halliburton co . , who would become mr . bush ' s pick for vice president . against this backdrop , mr . lay was widely considered a top candidate for treasury secretary in the younger bush ' s administration . ultimately though , he was disqualified , bush insiders say , as too closely identified with mr . bush , mr . cheney and others who worked in the texas energy business for an administration that wanted to show it wasn ' t in the pocket of big oil companies . early on , mr . lay had unrivaled access to the administration . when the president ' s advisers debated a new energy policy in the spring , mr . lay was the only energy executive to be invited for a one - on - one session with mr . cheney , who led the effort . mr . lay also worked with mr . rove and others to successfully push for appointments to the federal energy regulatory commission , which oversees much of enron ' s business . as enron ' s problems multiplied and its fortunes plummeted , however , the white house was silent . during a several - hour long interview in the spring , mr . lay mused that his bush connections could boomerang someday . " it could hurt , from the standpoint that , at some point , they lean in the other direction to make sure they don ' t face criticism , " he said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . fall of a power giant : chairman ' s deep political connections run silent by bob davis staff reporter of the wall street journal 11 / 29 / 2001 the wall street journal al 0 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) for years , enron corp . chairman kenneth lay has been george w . bush ' s best friend in the board rooms of america ' s top corporations . since 1993 , mr . lay and enron have donated nearly $ 2 million to mr . bush ' s political career , making them mr . bush ' s biggest backers . when mr . bush was texas governor , mr . lay , a houston resident , helped him win passage of a state education - reform plan that brought mr . bush national acclaim . during that fight , mr . lay got to know aides who became power players in the bush white house . mr . lay was confident enough of his friendship with mr . bush that he even needled him for needing arthroscopic surgery to repair a jogging injury . " i want you to know that at least one jogger [ me ] got past 50 without that surgery , " mr . lay scribbled in a note to then governor in 1997 . still , as enron faces its greatest crisis , mr . lay ' s influence and personal relationships with the administration have amounted to little . there appears to be no effort by the white house or congress to bail enron out of its difficulties , which are widely seen as self - inflicted . the white house had no comment on mr . lay ' s predicament , a spokeswoman said . indeed , short of an actual bailout to help enron meet its obligations - - such as an aid package approved by congress or organized by government officials from private sources , similar to the rescue of the long term capital management hedge fund - - there is little washington can do at this stage to help the company . nor is there likely to be a bailout , since enron has burned many bridges on capitol hill with its history of strong - arm lobbying tactics , some congressional aides say . that may reassure a cynical public , says robert mosbacher , commerce secretary in the first bush administration and a longtime friend of the current president as well as mr . lay . " i don ' t see anybody being let off the hook , " he said . mr . mosbacher says he introduced mr . lay to the bush family around 1987 , when he persuaded mr . lay to help raise money for george h . w . bush ' s successful presidential bid in 1988 . mr . lay contributed $ 461 , 000 to the younger mr . bush ' s two successful gubernatorial campaigns . he also made enron ' s fleet of corporate jets available to mr . bush and won his help in lobbying officials in other states considering enron projects . his influence with then - gov . bush was based on more than money . mr . lay was one of the state ' s leading business executives and deeply involved in texas politics . under mr . bush ' s predecessor , democrat ann richards , mr . lay headed the governor ' s business council , a state advisory board . mr . bush asked him to stay on the job to help develop an educational reform plan and sell it to the texas legislature . in that capacity , mr . lay became close to several bush aides , including political guru karl rove and communications adviser karen hughes , who have taken positions at the white house . he also got to know another leading texas businessman : dick cheney , then ceo of dallas oil concern halliburton co . , who would become mr . bush ' s pick for vice president . against this backdrop , mr . lay was widely considered a top candidate for treasury secretary in the younger bush ' s administration . ultimately though , he was disqualified , bush insiders say , as too closely identified with mr . bush , mr . cheney and others who worked in the texas energy business for an administration that wanted to show it wasn ' t in the pocket of big oil companies . early on , mr . lay had unrivaled access to the administration . when the president ' s advisers debated a new energy policy in the spring , mr . lay was the only energy executive to be invited for a one - on - one session with mr . cheney , who led the effort . mr . lay also worked with mr . rove and others to successfully push for appointments to the federal energy regulatory commission , which oversees much of enron ' s business . as enron ' s problems multiplied and its fortunes plummeted , however , the white house was silent . during a several - hour long interview in the spring , mr . lay mused that his bush connections could boomerang someday . " it could hurt , from the standpoint that , at some point , they lean in the other direction to make sure they don ' t face criticism , " he said . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . abreast of the market dynegy and chevrontexaco slide along with plunge in enron stock by robert o ' brien dow jones newswires 11 / 29 / 2001 the wall street journal c 2 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - - the collapse of enron dominated stock trading yesterday , as a host of the power generators and energy merchants exposed to the firm tumbled . shares of dynegy , the suitor for enron that pulled out of a deal after debt - rating agencies lowered their ratings on enron ' s bonds , fell 4 . 92 , or 12 % , to 35 . 97 . chevrontexaco , which owns 26 % of dynegy , slid 1 . 07 , or 1 . 2 % , to 84 . 55 . shares of enron itself were ground down more than 85 % . the loss of $ 3 . 50 brought the closing price of each enron share down to 61 cents . this from a stock that , as recently as august 2000 , commanded more than $ 90 a share . a host of other energy merchants , such as el paso , which lost 3 . 59 , or 7 . 4 % , to 44 . 91 , williams , which shed 1 . 80 , or 6 . 2 % , to 27 . 05 , and american electric power , which fell 2 . 03 , or 4 . 8 % , to 40 . 44 , all got caught in the backlash against the energy market . the dow jones utility average finished the session down 8 . 48 points , a drop of 2 . 94 % , to 279 . 95 , which brought it down to a 52 - week low . shares of two giant financial - services providers also got caught by their exposure to enron , and paid the price . shares of citigroup fell 2 . 75 , or 5 . 4 % , to 47 . 80 , while j . p . morgan chase slid 2 . 30 , or 5 . 8 % , to 37 . 50 . with those two components in decline , the dow jones industrial average finished the session 160 . 74 points lower , a loss of 1 . 63 % , to 9711 . 86 . the nasdaq composite slid 2 . 48 % , or 48 points , to 1887 . 97 . the dow industrial average ' s finish at 9711 . 86 represented the lowest close the average has posted in more than two weeks , since ending at 9554 . 37 . traders insisted that the speed and apparent ease with which market averages have managed to lard on gains over the past several weeks has stretched valuations , and left equities vulnerable to events , like the enron sell - off , that a sturdier market might have more handily absorbed . " one of the most important overriding factors has been the performance of the market itself , " arthur hogan , chief market analyst at jefferies , said . " the market has moved straight up seven weeks in a row , and when it moves up in a straight line like that , it doesn ' t take much in the way of a catalyst to tip it over . " whether it was excuse - making or profit - taking , the market did have to absorb some fundamental challenges in the session , including an especially pessimistic assessment of economic conditions from the federal reserve . the central bank released its beige book report on economic conditions , which showed , overall , the economy tilted more toward further slowing than it did toward recovery . that helped further puncture shares of some of the retailers that got waylaid in tuesday ' s trading by a bearish consumer sentiment reading . shares of gap , stung by a reduction in its investment rating by prudential securities , lost 79 cents , or 5 . 5 % , to 13 . 61 . shares of another apparel retailer , american eagle outfitters , lost 1 . 3 , or 5 . 9 % , to 24 . 40 , while talbots dropped 1 . 25 , or 3 . 6 % , to 33 , and discounter kohl ' s fell 84 cents , or 1 . 2 % , to 67 . 86 . meanwhile , some of the classic cyclical stocks that have had good runs over the past several weeks as investors bet on an eventual economic recovery gave ground . shares of boeing fell 1 . 33 , or 3 . 7 % , to 34 . 17 , after j . p . morgan reduced its earnings forecasts for 2002 and 2003 . whirlpool lost 1 . 12 , or 1 . 7 % , to 64 . 98 . auto - parts maker eaton declined 1 , or 1 . 4 % , to 69 . 60 . general electric , also subject to some downbeat comments from j . p . morgan , fell 1 . 72 , or 39 . 35 . continental airlines lost 2 . 40 , or 10 % , to 21 . 70 . the air carrier completed a public offering of 6 . 74 million shares of stock priced at $ 22 . 50 , a discount to tuesday ' s closing price of 24 . 10 . coca - cola declined 1 . 06 , or 2 . 2 % , to 46 . 75 . j . p . morgan said it expects slower volume growth ahead for the beverage maker ' s bottlers . shares of coca - cola enterprises , coke ' s biggest bottler , eased 40 cents , or 2 . 3 % , to 17 . magna international rose 1 . 54 , or 2 . 6 % , to 61 . 51 . salomon smith barney started coverage of the canadian auto - components maker with a buy rating . medtronic gained 1 . 74 , or 4 % , to 45 . 78 . the minneapolis medical - device maker reported fiscal second - quarter results that matched wall street ' s projections , and said it expected to live up to third - quarter forecasts . foot locker eased 19 cents , or 1 . 2 % , to 15 . 70 , after mixed views from rival brokers . rbc capital markets started coverage of the stock with a strong buy rating , but jefferies reduced its coverage of the stock to accumulate from buy . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . foreign exchange dollar declines against yen and euro amid growing doubts on u . s . economy by grainne mccarthy dow jones newswires 11 / 29 / 2001 the wall street journal cl 4 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - - growing doubts about the u . s . economy ' s ability to rebound quickly from recession weighed heavily on the dollar , pushing the currency down almost a full yen and helping the euro regain some lost ground . weakness in u . s . stocks - - due partly to news that dynegy inc . decided to walk away from its deal to buy enron corp . - - also put pressure on the dollar , while enron ' s debt woes added to general skittishness about the ability of u . s . business to bounce back quickly . " we know there are companies out there in trouble , " said lara rhame , economist at brown brothers harriman in new york , who said that while the enron developments weren ' t having a direct impact on foreign - exchange markets , such reports do " limit the kind of superdollar that we saw back in 1999 . " the dollar selloff kicked off in asian trading , when dealers used a standard & poor ' s downgrade of japan ' s sovereign rating as an excuse to buy the yen . the downgrade to double - a from double - a - plus was better than the market ' s expectations of a two - notch downgrade , rendering it good news of sorts . the selling continued in new york trading , as traders continued to price in the possibility that they may have been far too optimistic about the dollar . the two - pronged catalyst for this change of heart was the weak november consumer confidence index released tuesday , and subsequent gloomy comments from federal reserve governor laurence meyer pointing to more downside risks to the economy . the release of the federal reserve ' s beige book report yesterday served only to flame this pessimism . the fed said that further slowing outweighed signs of recovery for the u . s . economy this autumn , noting that economic activity generally remained soft in october and the first half of november . " people wanted greater signs of recovery than they got from the fed , " said alan ruskin , research director at the 4 cast financial consultancy in new york . the beige book , a summary of economic activity prepared for use at the central bank ' s next federal open market committee meeting dec . 11 , is widely viewed as an indicator of future monetary policy decisions and the report helped to solidify expectations of a rate cut of at least a quarter percentage point . late yesterday in new york , the euro was at 88 . 84 u . s . cents , its high for the session and up from 88 . 34 cents late tuesday in new york . the dollar was at 123 . 11 yen - - around its intraday low - - and almost a full yen down from 123 . 96 yen late tuesday in new york . the dollar was also at 1 . 6460 swiss francs , down from 1 . 6484 francs in london and 1 . 6560 francs tuesday . sterling was at $ 1 . 4261 , up from $ 1 . 4185 earlier in london and $ 1 . 4153 late tuesday . elsewhere , the canadian dollar climbed to its highest levels in almost a month , confounding the view that bad news for the u . s . is bad news for canada . the canadian currency has tended to suffer from an association with the u . s . , given that 85 % of canada ' s exports head south of the border . however , a 0 . 50 - percentage - point rate cut by the bank of canada on tuesday was quickly followed by the gloomy consumer confidence report in the u . s . , which undercut faith in the dollar and appeared to give the canadian unit just the opportunity it was seeking . late in the new york day , the u . s . dollar was at c $ 1 . 5842 , down from c $ 1 . 5939 late tuesday . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . options report dynegy ' s move to disconnect enron merger powers volatility spike as investors seek cover by kopin tan dow jones newswires 11 / 29 / 2001 the wall street journal cl 4 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones in fact , such " buying on the dip " has helped propel stock prices . with stocks up substantially from their september lows , investors still are browsing but are seeking added insurance , with many buying defensive puts to lock in a minimum selling price for the stock . sprint ' s january 25 puts traded more than 13 , 000 contracts at the amex as an investor bought stock along with those puts . specifically , the investor bought about 5 , 000 contracts of the puts , then bought a put spread by buying 8 , 000 contracts of january 25 puts that expire 2002 and selling the same number of january 25 puts that expire 2003 . shares of sprint ' s pcs unit fell $ 1 . 14 to $ 25 . 90 . at the amex , the january 25 puts were at $ 1 . 15 on volume of 13 , 005 contracts , compared with open interest of 2 , 799 . the january 25 puts that expire in 2003 were at $ 4 . 40 on volume of 8 , 005 contracts , compared with open interest of 8 , 826 . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron asks staff to drop 401 ( k ) suits for severance 11 / 29 / 2001 the wall street journal cl 3 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) houston - - enron corp . , the subject of four lawsuits filed over losses in its employees ' 401 ( k ) retirement plan , is asking laid - off workers to waive legal claims against it in exchange for some of their severance payments . attorneys for some of the employees sought to block that requirement . plaintiffs are seeking an " immediate preliminary injunction prohibiting enron from soliciting any releases which would affect the participants ' rights vis a vis the plan , " according to an amended complaint filed by seattle firm campbell harrison & wright . the complaint , filed in federal district court in houston , asks the court " to appoint a neutral fiduciary to manage the plan . " the suit claims enron is laying off as much as 60 % of its staff in some departments . an enron attorney , in a statement , said laid - off employees aren ' t required to sign the waiver to get severance pay , but will get " additional severance in exchange " for signing . she said enron hadn ' t modified the waiver " in response to the current economic circumstances of the company , " but added that enron " continues to evaluate its options regarding the severance - pay plan . " copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . nvidia to replace enron in s & p 11 / 29 / 2001 the wall street journal cl 3 ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - - standard & poor ' s said nvidia corp . , a santa clara , calif . , graphic - chip maker , will replace enron corp . in the s & p 500 - stock index after today ' s regular trading . s & p said enron , the houston energy concern whose merger with dynegy inc . unraveled yesterday , is being removed for lack of representation . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section a enron ' s collapse : the overview enron collapses as suitor cancels plans for merger by richard a . oppel jr . and andrew ross sorkin 11 / 29 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 1 c . 2001 new york times company enron , the champion of energy deregulation that grew into one of the nation ' s 10 largest companies , collapsed yesterday , after a rival backed out of a deal to buy it and many big trading partners stopped doing business with it . enron , based in houston , was widely expected to seek bankruptcy protection . with $ 62 billion in assets as of sept . 30 , it would be the biggest american company ever to go bankrupt , dwarfing the filing by texaco in 1987 . late in the day , though , enron ' s chief financial officer , jeff mcmahon , said that the company was still talking to banks about a restructuring and considering other options . talks with its would - be rescuer dynegy , also of houston , about salvaging the deal ended in acrimony . dynegy , which had agreed on nov . 9 to buy enron but had second thoughts as enron disclosed more financial problems and investors pummeled its stock , accused enron of misrepresenting the health of its business . enron , meanwhile , was weighing whether to sue dynegy for breaching the terms of the deal , a person close to enron said . enron ' s swift collapse left the prospects of 21 , 000 employees in doubt and wiped out what was left of the holdings of stock investors , including some big mutual funds , as shares that sold for $ 90 in august 2000 crashed to close yesterday at 61 cents . it roiled the treasury market and tarnished the standing of the big new york banks that both advised on the deal and poured their own cash into the company . and it left in tatters the reputation of enron ' s chief executive , kenneth l . lay , a confidant and campaign backer of president george w . bush . [ page cl . ] the treasury department , the federal reserve and the federal energy regulatory commission said they had monitored enron ' s impact on the financial and energy markets yesterday ; officials who would comment said they saw no dangerous ripple effect . ' ' the markets are functioning normally , ' ' said peter bakstansky , a spokesman for the federal reserve bank of new york . from a pipeline company in the 1980 ' s , enron grew into the world ' s largest energy trader , using the internet to buy and sell natural gas and electric power supplies for utilities and industrial power users and helping them hedge against fluctuations in power prices . but enron was undone by shaky accounting , too much borrowed money and an unwillingness to provide information to investors who grew to doubt its financial reports . five weeks ago , the company disclosed that , to fuel its growth , it had shifted billions of dollars in debt off its balance sheet and into an array of complex partnerships . the securities and exchange commission began an investigation , and enron restated five years of earnings , wiping out nearly $ 600 million in profit . enron was teetering close to insolvency before dynegy , a smaller cross - town rival , agreed to acquire it for $ 9 billion plus the assumption of $ 13 billion in debt , with additional financing from chevrontexaco , a major dynegy shareholder . but enron subsequently disclosed even more debts , and its financial plight continued to worsen . energy - trading companies reduced dealings with the firm ; doubting its creditworthiness , some forced enron to pay higher prices for natural gas and other products or required it to post large cash deposits to back trades . for four days , enron and dynegy worked to salvage the deal . but yesterday morning , dynegy pulled out . ' ' we knew when to say no , and this morning , we said no , ' ' said chuck watson , dynegy ' s chairman . in an interview , mr . watson said enron ' s energy - trading business had deteriorated . he also cited ' ' surprises ' ' in the quarterly report to the s . e . c . that enron filed on nov . 19 , including the disclosures that a credit downgrade meant enron had to pay or refinance a $ 690 million obligation and that enron had less cash on hand than dynegy had expected . ' ' confidence and credibility , which is what this business is all about , deteriorated after that , ' ' he said . mr . watson said he called mr . lay yesterday after a meeting of dynegy ' s board to call off the deal . by then , s . dynegy shares fell $ 4 . 08 , or 10 percent , to close at $ 36 . 81 . other big energy traders , like the el paso corporation , reliant energy , mirant and aquila , also fell . but enron ' s gradual decline over the last month gave many energy companies time to reduce their exposure to enron , and many operate rival trading operations that would benefit from its collapse . yesterday morning , as news leaked out of dynegy ' s plans to cancel the deal and s . prices soar . dec . 15 2000 : four months after the chief executive of azurix resigns , enron takes the company private again . aug . 14 , 2001 : only six months after becoming chief executive , jeffrey k . skilling resigns . he is succeeded by kenneth l . lay . oct . 8 : four years after buying portland general electric , enron agrees to sell it to northwest natural gas oct . 16 : enron reports a third - quarter loss of $ 618 million . oct . 24 : two days after enron discloses that the securities and exchange commission is looking into complicated transactions involving enron and partnerships set up by andrew s . fastow , the company ' s chief financial officer , mr . fastow is forced out . oct . 31 : the s . e . c . upgrades its inquiry to a formal investigation . nov . 8 : enron discloses that it overstated profits for the previous five years by $ 586 million . nov . 9 : dynegy agrees to buy enron for about $ 9 billion . yesterday : the merger collapses . enron ' s stock falls $ 3 . 50 to 61 cents . ( source : bloomberg financial markets ) ( pg . c 6 ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c enron ' s collapse : the last resort a bankruptcy filing might be the best remaining choice by jonathan d . glater 11 / 29 / 2001 the new york times page 6 , column 1 c . 2001 new york times company enron , facing the collapse of a deal with dynegy that might have rescued it from disaster and a tidal wave of debts suddenly coming due , may now have little choice but to enter bankruptcy , lawyers and analysts said yesterday . filing for protection under chapter 11 of the federal bankruptcy code would give the company some much - needed breathing room to deal with creditors ' claims , as well as afford any eventual buyer the advantage of a court ' s approval . but bankruptcy would also be complicated by the fact that some of enron ' s most valuable assets , including its transwestern pipeline linking texas natural gas fields with california energy markets , are already pledged to lenders . the value of other assets available to satisfy unsecured creditors is unclear . still , enron ' s creditors will not necessarily lose everything , said robert j . rosenberg , a lawyer at latham any awards would not be paid until after creditors were satisfied . and like enron ' s other shareholders , they might end up with nothing , said robert d . albergotti , a partner at haynes & boone , a dallas law firm . if enron files for bankruptcy , this is not likely to prevent litigation against arthur andersen , the company ' s outside auditor , said jeffrey n . gordon of columbia university law school . indeed , bankruptcy proceedings could give both the company and investors an opportunity to figure out exactly how its profits came to be overstated and to look for potential fraud . a special committee of enron ' s board has already retained deloitte & touche , another big accounting firm , to help . ' ' it ' s going to be a while before they figure it all out , ' ' professor gordon said . chart : ' ' big losers ' ' as of sept . 30 , enron ' s top 10 shareholders were all big money managers . alliance capital shares held ( in millions ) : 43 . 0 percentage of outstanding shares : 5 . 78 % janus capital shares held ( in millions ) : 41 . 4 percentage of outstanding shares : 5 . 56 putnam investment shares held ( in millions ) : 23 . 1 percentage of outstanding shares : 3 . 11 barclays bank shares held ( in millions ) : 23 . 0 percentage of outstanding shares : 3 . 10 fidelity investments shares held ( in millions ) : 20 . 8 percentage of outstanding shares : 2 . 80 citigroup shares held ( in millions ) : 20 . 8 percentage of outstanding shares : 2 . 79 state street shares held ( in millions ) : 16 . 1 percentage of outstanding shares : 2 . 17 aim management shares held ( in millions ) : 14 . 0 percentage of outstanding shares : 1 . 88 taunus shares held ( in millions ) : 12 . 5 percentage of outstanding shares : 1 . 68 vanguard shares held ( in millions ) : 11 . 4 percentage of outstanding shares : 1 . 54 ( source : bloomberg financial markets ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones section a an implosion on wall street 11 / 29 / 2001 the new york times page 34 , column 1 c . 2001 new york times company enron , the energy - trading company , may be on the verge of extinction with the collapse yesterday of its proposed acquisition by dynegy , a smaller competitor , and the downgrading of its debt to junk status . but its name has attained immortality on wall street . enron is now shorthand for the perfect financial storm . take a high - flying company terribly impressed with its sense of unique mission and ingenuity , and correspondingly contemptuous of its obligations to fully comply with the spirit of accounting rules . then add fawning investors , wall street analysts , journalists and accountants unwilling to allow a company ' s lack of transparency about its business to get in the way of a dizzying ride , until they realize the destination is the top of a steep cliff . what you have then is an enron . there have been plenty of other once - unfathomable implosions on wall street , but perhaps none so sudden or of such magnitude . jittery financial markets now have to contend with the possibility that an enron bankruptcy could undermine the financial health of banks and other energy companies . enron ranked seventh on the list of fortune 500 companies last year , and remained one of the most hyped stories on wall street well into this year . a pioneer in creating private marketplaces for newly deregulated commodities , enron was touted as a revolutionary force , bridging the dot - com world and stodgy energy markets . now enron may become one of the largest bankruptcy cases in history . its stock closed yesterday at 61 cents , as investors rushed for the exits in reaction to the fatal news that , without a bailout from dynegy , enron is unlikely to be able to meet its crushing debt obligations . the company ' s autopsy will be a complicated affair , entailing numerous lawsuits . what is already clear , and will come as a shock to millions of trusting individual investors across america , is that the financials of a fortune 500 company were essentially a mystery . enron ' s death watch began last month when it grudgingly disclosed that $ 1 . 2 billion of its market value had vanished as a result of ' ' related - party ' ' transactions with private partnerships that enriched company insiders . then enron admitted that it had overstated its profits over the last five years by $ 600 million . dynegy cited enron ' s lack of forthrightness as a reason to walk away from the merger agreement . not very long ago , competitors and democrats in washington were worrying whether the close ties between enron ' s chairman , kenneth lay , and george w . bush would give the company too much influence . enron has aggressively lobbied , with some success in recent years , to limit regulation and disclosure of its trading operations . now enron is the best argument for the need for stronger supervision of public companies ' financial data . the securities and exchange commission should make sure that the energy trader ' s saga puts an end to any talk of lessening disclosure requirements faced by public companies . moreover , arthur andersen ' s failure to uncover flawed accounting by enron , or to forcefully question some of the company ' s shadier transactions , raises serious concerns about auditors ' commitment to be sufficiently diligent in reviewing the actions of major companies . there is a certain irony that enron , a champion of deregulation , now becomes a poster child for the need for strong regulation on wall street . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c enron ' s collapse : the lenders citigroup and j . p . morgan are left with bruised egos and exposure to loans by riva d . atlas 11 / 29 / 2001 the new york times page 6 , column 2 c . 2001 new york times company dynegy ' s decision to walk away from enron leaves citigroup and j . p . morgan chase licking their wounds after an effort to burnish their reputations as deal makers . as lead advisers and lead bankers for enron , the banks had the chance to build influence in the merger business . unlike other wall street firms , citigroup and j . p . morgan have large balance sheets and have boasted of their ability to provide both loans and advice . j . p . morgan , in particular , ' ' has been saying that providing financing is an advantage they have in terms of building their investment banking franchise , ' ' said richard strauss , a goldman , sachs analyst following brokerage firms . now , not only have the banks lost bragging rights for pulling off a difficult deal , as well as millions in fees , they are also left holding hundreds of millions in loans to enron , which is trying to stave off bankruptcy . enron owes the two banks anywhere from $ 800 million to $ 900 million each , although some of it may be hedged through derivatives contracts , analysts estimated . in bankruptcy , of course , creditors come well ahead of shareholders , who have now been virtually wiped out . janus capital was the biggest shareholder for most of the year , but alliance capital surpassed it as of sept . 30 , according to the latest regulatory filing available . enron ' s stock plunged to 61 cents yesterday . worries about the money enron owes the banks punished their stocks yesterday . citigroup ' s shares closed at $ 47 . 80 each , down $ 2 . 75 , while j . p . morgan fell $ 2 . 30 , to $ 37 . 50 . even if enron files for bankruptcy , neither j . p . morgan nor citigroup is thought to have enough exposure to be at serious risk . executives of the banks declined to comment on the estimates of their exposure . while the banks had each promised to make equity investments in the companies of $ 250 million each , those investments have been canceled along with the dynegy deal . about half of the money owed to j . p . morgan and citigroup consists of a $ 1 billion loan the banks made earlier this month that is secured by one of enron ' s pipelines . citigroup lent $ 600 million , and j . p . morgan provided the rest , according to an executive close to the enron negotiations . the remainder owed to the banks is in various loans , trading positions and other investments not secured by enron assets . given that there are assets backing much of the banks ' loans , some analysts said the stock market had overreacted . ' ' the net exposure could be very small , ' ' said andrew collins , who covers bank stocks at u . s . bancorp piper jaffray and is recommending citigroup and j . p . morgan . jeffrey mcmahon , enron ' s chief financial officer , said the company was still working with j . p . morgan chase and citigroup to restructure enron ' s debts . several other banks may own large amounts of enron debt . bank of america has $ 200 million to $ 300 million , according to estimates by lori appelbaum , who follows bank stocks for goldman , sachs , and ruchi madan , a stock analyst at salomon smith barney . other banks identified by the analysts as owed money are the bank of new york , bank one , fleetboston financial , suntrust and the wachovia corporation . a spokesman for suntrust did not return calls ; executives at the other banks declined to comment . in what appears to have been bad timing , alliance capital management , a subsidiary of axa , increased its stake in enron late this summer . janus , a unit of stilwell financial , had been the biggest shareholder , but was pruning its stake . alliance ' s position grew 71 percent in the report filed in september , to 5 . 8 percent of enron ' s outstanding . jane ingalls , a spokeswoman for janus , said last night that janus had since sold all its shares , but did not say when or at what price . a spokesman for alliance would not comment about its stake in enron . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c enron ' s collapse : the market in turbulent bond market , enron ' s woes exacerbate turmoil by gretchen morgenson 11 / 29 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 2 c . 2001 new york times company the swift downfall of enron has contributed to extreme turbulence in the united states treasury market in recent weeks , causing violent swings in interest rates not seen since russia defaulted on its debt and the long - term capital management hedge fund nearly collapsed in late 1998 . even though the exact makeup of enron ' s large trading portfolio remains a mystery , traders said that the energy company had bet that interest rates would continue to decline because of continuing weakness in the economy . then two weeks ago , the economy began to show signs of revival . as investors decided that the days of federal reserve rate cuts were over , rates began to rise and prices on treasury securities fell . the move out of treasuries crushed traders who still expected the weak economy to push interest rates lower . scrambling to cut their losses , those traders sold even more , depressing prices and pushing up rates further . the sense among many market participants is that enron ' s woes made a bad market excruciating . ' ' i think the street in general lost half of its year or more in the last week or two , ' ' said stan jonas , managing director at fimat usa , a broker dealer . ' ' everyone was long the bond market , thinking the economy was going to be bad . then everything shifted , and enron drove it to extremes . ' ' how extreme ? in the two weeks beginning nov . 12 , two - year treasury notes plummeted in price , pushing their yields up to 3 . 18 percent , from 2 . 41 percent . in the same period , yields on treasuries with five - year maturities went to 4 . 4 percent , from 3 . 62 percent . the trade that appears to have gone awry for enron , market participants say , involved the sale of hundreds of thousands of eurodollar futures , some of which matured in two or three years . such contracts are frequently used to bet on the direction of interest rates . enron could also have used the eurodollar contracts to hedge against fluctuations in oil prices . in a weak economy , oil prices usually fall . but so do interest rates , so a bet on lower rates would produce gains to help offset the decline in oil prices . when data showed signs of life in the economy , traders surmised that enron began to sell its eurodollars and started an avalanche of selling among other traders . there were huge eurodollar positions being liquidated , said gemma wright , director of market strategy at barclays capital . ' ' we don ' t know for certain who it was , but the amount of the loss was high . ' ' one reason that traders suspect enron may have been forced out of such a position was that the company had neither the cash flow nor the bank credit to meet calls for additional cash from traders at other firms . typically , companies have cash reserves to meet such calls or have access to temporary lines of credit to cover shortfalls . enron appears to have neither . yesterday , the company said it was suspending all payments except for those ' ' necessary to maintain core operations . ' ' in addition to the recent interest rate spike , enron has had to contend with falling oil prices . the price of crude oil has dropped 28 percent since the end of october . caught in a vise , enron has almost certainly been selling securities to raise cash . treasury securities and eurodollar contracts , because their markets are large , are among the easiest to sell . in both cases , enron was probably selling into a falling market . adding to the turmoil in the bond market , traders said , was less participation by wall street firms , which were unwilling to take on big new trading positions near the end of their fiscal year . several firms end their years on nov . 30 . some traders say enron ' s problems started with comments on tuesday by laurence h . meyer , a governor of the federal reserve . mr . meyer suggested that additional rate cuts might be coming , and that remark helped stabilize prices of treasury securities . ' ' it ' s my view that there are no coincidences , ' ' mr . jonas said . ' ' laurence meyer is a big hawk on interest rates , and he basically talked a 180 . that was their big gun . the only bigger gun would have been greenspan . ' ' graph : ' ' market catalyst ' ' the swift demise of enron and the company ' s investment strategies in the bond market may have contributed to the sharp rise in the yields on treasury notes in the last few weeks . graph tracks daily yields on 2 year treasury notes in november . ( source : bloomberg financial markets ) ( pg . c 7 ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones section a enron ' s collapse : market place a big fall evoking nasty old memories of a run on a bank by floyd norris 11 / 29 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 1 c . 2001 new york times company the final collapse of enron amounted to something that few living americans have ever seen : a bank run like those in the days before deposit insurance . enron appeared to become a wildly successful company by creating a new , largely unregulated financial business , that of energy trading . that business ran on credit , and required suppliers and users of energy to sign contracts that called on enron to meet obligations months or years later . enron became something like a bank , which takes depositors ' money and promises to pay it back later . but unlike banks in the current era , this institution had no federal deposit insurance to reassure customers when rumors began to spread that it was in trouble . that proved to be its achilles ' heel . enron ' s collapse is a reminder for big players in unregulated markets that their financial health must be beyond doubt . before the advent of deposit insurance , bankers knew what was needed to head off a bank run . it was cash , so much cash that it would be clear that panic was unwarranted . nearly a century ago , j . p . morgan took the lead as he and fellow banking tycoons put up the millions needed to keep the trust company of america open . thus was halted the panic of 1907 . as it happened , corporate descendants of two major institutions involved in that rescue - - j . p . morgan chase and citigroup - - were major players in the enron debacle . but they did not try the strategy this time . instead , enron kept arranging an additional billion or two in loans , clearly struggling to find the money . morgan and citigroup allowed the word to spread that they were ready to put in more money on their own , but the amounts were relatively small , and somehow the money was never invested . when dynegy agreed to buy enron , it put up $ 1 . 5 billion in cash only after it was assured that it would get control of the company ' s crown jewel , the northern natural gas pipeline system , or its money back , if the deal collapsed . the final straw came on tuesday , when negotiations on a revised dynegy takeover deal came down to efforts to find $ 250 million or $ 500 million of enron assets that could serve as collateral for a new dynegy cash advance . the message to companies that traded with enron was clear : even its rescuer is demanding collateral , and is having trouble finding it . given that , enron ' s financial business could not continue . public haggling over the terms of the rescue assured that no rescue was possible , something that would have been obvious to the original j . p . morgan but that seemed to escape his corporate heirs . as walter bagehot , the british financial journalist and historian , wrote in 1873 , ' ' every banker knows that if he has to prove that he is worthy of credit , however good may be his arguments , in fact his credit is gone . ' ' the markets enron helped to create will endure , but probably without enron . it will be interesting to see whether participants in them continue to resist regulation as much as they have in the past . unregulated markets , especially when they are relatively new , can be very profitable for those with superior market knowledge , as enron seemed to have . but when prices are visible to all , the value of that knowledge plummets . regulation could bring more openness , but it could also bring structures , like clearing systems , that reassure traders they need not worry about the credit of those with whom they trade . if the markets continue to be unregulated , enron ' s collapse makes it more likely that the big players in those markets will be companies that are already regulated enough to assure customers that they are secure - - companies like major banks and brokerage houses . that would be bad news for dynegy , which was enron ' s major competitor before it tried to become its acquirer . the crisis at enron may have exposed a ' ' flaw in the business model ' ' of energy trading companies , said john diaz , a managing director at moody ' s , in an interview yesterday . ' ' companies in this industry need to think carefully about their liquidity management , ' ' he said . ' ' we ' re going to be looking very hard at this . ' ' the litigation over enron seems likely to be prolonged and expensive , but it may boil down to senator howard h . baker jr . ' s famous watergate - era question about president richard m . nixon : what did he know and when did he know it ? that question will be asked about arthur andersen , enron ' s auditor , and about its corporate officials , past and present . but it will be asked most particularly about the banks and investment banks that served enron and its affiliated off - balance - sheet entities in recent years . enron ' s disclosures last week showed it needed to pay far more in debts over the next year than most people had understood to be the case . but the newly discovered loans did not materialize out of thin air . the money was lent by banks and bond buyers to the off - balance - sheet entities . those who were stuck with losses on the known enron debt may claim the financiers who syndicated the loans should have told them of all the other debt . among those who do not come out of this looking very good are the bond rating agencies . just six weeks ago , after enron put out an earnings release showing strong pro - forma profits , as it defined them , two of the agencies , fitch and standard & poor ' s , reaffirmed enron ' s rating of triple - b plus . moody ' s , the agency that was the most skeptical about enron , put the rating under review and hinted it would , at worst , cut it one notch . none of the rating agencies seemed overly concerned about a detail disclosed by enron at the time : a $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity related to what it later said were accounting mistakes involving a partnership run by enron ' s chief financial officer . but that disclosure set off a cascade of questions that enron could not answer in a reassuring way . it ran through billions as companies demanded more protection to keep trading with it . enron could have been saved , if an institution that was trusted - - whether that was chevron texaco , which put up the $ 1 . 5 billion cash that dynegy invested , or j . p . morgan chase or citigroup - - had made it clear that it was willing to stand behind enron . a credible backer would have ended the run . but no one was willing to do that , and their hesitance as they learned more only accelerated the run . whether they were wise to avoid that exposure may become clear as it emerges how much creditors will eventually get . finally , the rating agencies yesterday downgraded enron to relatively low levels of junk . they knew that was likely to force enron into bankruptcy in the near future , but they also knew that no one was willing to rescue a company that the agencies had viewed as solid only weeks before . yesterday , as dynegy walked away from the merger , it said that it was no longer willing to trade with enron - - unless enron put up ' ' sufficient credit support . ' ' it knew that support was nowhere to be found . copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c enron ' s collapse : the chief executive foundation gives way on chief ' s big dream by john schwartz and richard a . oppel jr . 11 / 29 / 2001 the new york times page 1 , column 5 c . 2001 new york times company well before anyone could imagine that enron might collapse , kenneth l . lay was stumped . in an interview in august , he dismissed questions about a vague clause in the energy company ' s annual report that hinted at bigger problems if its stock price or credit rating fell below certain levels . ' ' i just can ' t help you on that , ' ' he said . pressed further on questions about a bewildering constellation of business partnerships that involved enron ' s former chief financial officer , he said , ' ' you ' re getting way over my head . ' ' at the least , mr . lay - - a man of big ideas , a crusader for free markets , a risk taker in the texas wildcatter tradition - - had taken his eye off the ball . while he was busy befriending the nation ' s most powerful politicians , erecting one of the tallest buildings in houston and pasting enron ' s logo on the city ' s new ballpark , the little things were turning out to be mr . lay ' s big problems . one after another , disclosures spilled out of his company over the last month : the partnerships had hidden billions in debt ; years of enron ' s reported profits had been exaggerated ; the government was investigating . rivals were shunning enron ' s energy trading desks , which mr . lay had built into the world ' s leaders . and sure enough , the stock price tumbled day after day , and credit agencies lowered enron ' s ratings once and then yesterday again , turning the company ' s debt to junk and its shares into a penny stock . three weeks ago , mr . lay tried to salvage his creation by selling it to dynegy , his houston rival . yesterday , dynegy pulled out of the deal . deprived of enough information , and then repelled by what they learned , the free markets in which mr . lay had put so much faith all but destroyed , in a matter of weeks , everything he had built . ' ' if they had been going a slower speed , the results would not have been disastrous , ' ' said bob mcnair , a houston energy entrepreneur who sold the bulk of his own company to enron three years ago . but enron , he said in an interview this month , was like a race car , and the markets like an unforgiving track . ' ' it ' s a lot harder to keep it on the track at 200 miles per hour , ' ' he said . ' ' you hit a bump and you ' re off the track . ' ' from his youth , mr . lay , 59 , had nurtured an abiding faith in the markets ' wisdom . he studied economics at the university of missouri , living at home to save on room and board , and eventually earned a ph . d . in the subject . as a naval officer serving in the pentagon , he worked to develop more efficient accounting systems . later , he served as an aide to a federal government regulator for the natural gas industry - - a market that enron would come to dominate . moving into the private sector , he worked his way up the ranks of the natural gas industry , becoming chief executive in 1984 of the houston natural gas corporation , a big regional pipeline operator . he engineered its merger with internorth , an omaha pipeline company , and then became chief executive of the combined company and changed its name to enron . mr . lay saw enron ' s mission as far more than being a conduit for fuel . at the time , gas prices were regulated and pipelines played a relatively passive role ; buyers and sellers could not cut deals on the fly . but as oil prices plunged in the mid - 80 ' s and gas users began switching to cheaper fuel oil , mr . lay returned to washington to argue , successfully , for rules changes that he said would save the pipeline business by allowing operators to shop for the best deals from both gas producers and utilities . the new flexibility brought the threat of chaos , however , as natural gas prices began fluctuating wildly . that is when the new enron was truly born . to help customers shield themselves from risk , mr . lay ' s enron developed hedging contracts for gas like those traded in the markets for corn and copper and winter wheat . its innovative ' ' gas bank ' ' let utilities lock up the long - term prices that they craved ; enron lined up the gas supplies from producers , arranged for delivery - - and took a cut of every deal . that business became the forerunner of enron ' s entry into hundreds of other markets , helping customers obtain supplies and manage risks in products ranging from electric power to pulp and paper and , most recently , fast broadband access to the internet . trading soon provided more of the company ' s profits than the traditional natural gas business . while other companies , including dynegy , focused on accumulating hard assets like pipelines , turbines and gas fields , enron increasingly saw itself as a pure trading company with an almost limitless future . ' ' there is a very reasonable chance that we will become the biggest corporation in the world , ' ' mr . lay ' s handpicked successor as enron ' s chief executive , jeffrey k . skilling , told the authors of a book , just published , about business on the internet . even the book ' s title , ' ' radical e : from ge to enron - - lessons on how to rule the web ' ' ( ) , showed the cachet the company had attained . enron , the authors wrote , was ' ' creating a culture in which radical and creative thinking is encouraged and rewarded . ' ' mr . skilling abruptly resigned in august , after just six months on the job , propelling mr . lay back into the gritty details of enron ' s businesses that he had sought to leave to others . as the company grew , he had become increasingly involved in public affairs , serving as host when a global economic conference was held in houston in 1990 and when the republican national convention came to the city in 1992 . like the leaders of many big texas businesses - - the construction colossus brown became good friends with the texas governor , ann richards ; and supported senator phil gramm of texas , whose wife , wendy , a former chairwoman of the commodities futures trading commission , joined enron ' s board . ' ' he ' s a stand - up guy , ' ' said ms . richards , now a business consultant in new york . asked to be more specific , she said , ' ' he ' s at the meeting ' ' - - meaning she could count on mr . lay to become directly involved with whatever she asked him to do , and not just sign onto a project for show . mr . lay ' s deepest political ties were with the bush family . in the 1980 ' s , he became a major fund - raiser for george h . w . bush . when mr . bush lost his 1992 campaign for re - election as president , mr . lay brought a number of senior bush aides to enron as directors or consultants , including james a . baker iii , the former secretary of state , and robert a . mosbacher , the former secretary of commerce . mr . lay also cultivated mr . bush ' s son george w . long before he was considered a serious national candidate . after the younger mr . bush ' s election as texas governor in 1994 , mr . lay became head of the governor ' s business council , an important advisory post . the bond with president bush is personal . as governor , mr . bush sent mr . lay a kidding note in 1997 . ' ' one of the sad things about old friends is that they seem to be getting older - - just like you ! ' ' he wrote . ' ' 55 years old . wow ! that is really old . thank goodness you have such a young , beautiful wife , ' ' he added , a reference to mr . lay ' s wife , linda . in 1999 , mr . lay sent a handwritten christmas note to mr . bush and his wife , laura . ' ' linda and i are so proud of both of you and look forward to seeing both of you in the white house , ' ' he wrote . yesterday , the white house press secretary , ari fleischer , said the treasury department was monitoring enron ' s downfall for its effect on the market . asked if the president himself had any reaction , mr . fleisher said , ' ' the president ' s reaction is that it should be monitored . ' ' in some ways , enron ' s collapse was one more example of the bursting of the internet bubble . but mr . lay was not some stylish dot - com brat ; by all accounts , he is an immensely likable product of middle america . growing up in tiny rush hill , mo . , he was driving a tractor by age 12 and salting away savings . by 16 , his sister sharon recalled this week , ' ' he was bucking bales ' ' - - that is , loading hay - - ' ' and had two jobs in the summer , painting houses . ' ' ' ' i don ' t think you could ever say that he did something the easy way , ' ' she said . that work ethic ran in the family . mr . lay ' s father was a minister who also sold farm equipment . the family ' s finances were spotty , ' ' at times no money , at times some money , ' ' ms . lay recalled . still , the lays took in people from their church who were in need . over the last decade or so , mr . lay earned some $ 300 million from enron , mostly by exercising stock options . earlier this month , when employees grew incensed at the prospect of his collecting a big severance package with the company ' s sale to dynegy , he volunteered to walk away from $ 60 million in payments . mr . mcnair , the houston entrepreneur , who has known mr . lay for years , suggested that perhaps everything had not been disclosed to him . ' ' maybe the people who reported to him told him what they wanted him to hear , but they weren ' t telling him everything , ' ' he said . mr . mcnair said he spoke to mr . lay recently and found him ' ' somewhat in a state of shock . ' ' mr . mcnair added , ' ' he ' s devastated . ' ' in the end , it seems , the man whose company did so much to help others manage their risk could not manage his own . photos : a portrait of the chairman from enron corporate report for 1999 . ( enron ) ( pg . c 7 ) ; ( pg . cl ) graphs : ' ' enron ' s collapsing house of cards ' ' kenneth l . lay , starting with an ordinary pipeline business , turned enron into one of the fastest growing companies of the 1990 ' s . but it has swiftly collapsed since revealing huge hidden debts , causing its stock to plunge and requiring it to restate earnings . graphs track enron ' s stock price and sensor debt rating since sept . and enron ' s earnings since 1997 . ( sources : bloomberg financial markets ; moody ' s ; enron ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c enron ' s collapse : the derivatives market that deals in risks faces a novel one by diana b . henriques 11 / 29 / 2001 the new york times page 7 , column 1 c . 2001 new york times company when members of the international swaps and derivatives association gathered in washington last april , the man they all wanted to hear was jeffrey k . skilling , then the president and chief executive of enron . enron had helped create the global market for energy - based derivatives - - customized risk - swapping contracts that enable companies to hedge their exposure to changing energy prices and supply fluctuations . even among traders more familiar with interest - rate swaps or currency hedges than energy contracts , mr . skilling ' s presentation did not disappoint . ' ' he dazzled everybody - - it seemed he could figure out a way to trade the minutes on this phone call , ' ' one industry executive said . but yesterday , many of those same executives were crossing their fingers and hoping that enron ' s crisis would not spread into the energy swaps market that the company had done so much to enliven . as the day ended with fairly stable trading , there were a few cautious sighs of relief . but nobody is quite sure just how much money the energy - related derivatives markets will have at risk if enron fails . according to swaps monitor publications , which collects data for the derivatives markets , enron ranks among the top energy - swaps traders in the world , on a par with financial giants like bank of america and barclay ' s . at the end of september , enron ' s gross derivatives trading liabilities - - the amount of money it would owe to other market players if it filed for bankruptcy - - stood at $ 18 . 7 billion , up slightly from june levels but about $ 1 . 3 billion less than at the end of last year . but that level may overstate the risk to other companies . ' ' these numbers do not take into account the unknown amount of collateral that enron may have posted , ' ' said paul spraos , swaps monitor ' s president . such collateral should , in principle , diminish enron ' s actual liabilities to the derivatives market , he said . in a typical energy swap , a company will enter into a contract to lock in a fixed price of a certain commodity , like natural gas or electricity . the other company , the counterparty , in the deal assumes the risk of future price changes and quotes a fixed price that includes its own profit . the efficient trading and pricing of these contracts requires a marketplace with large , active traders . as of last night , there were no signs of a major panic that would drive major participants to the sidelines , industry executives said . ' ' it ' s not likely that enron ' s problems will cause serious difficulty for any other sizable counterparty , ' ' said mark c . brickell , a veteran swaps - market executive and the chief executive of blackbird , a technology firm that operates an electronic swaps - trading system . ' ' while there may be some smaller firm that didn ' t manage its exposure as well as it might , that won ' t cause any major problems for the system as a whole . ' ' michael williams , managing director of tradespark , a rival to enron ' s online energy - trading system , agreed that there was ' ' no sign of shrinkage ' ' in the marketplace yesterday . ' ' so far , we ' ve seen no complaints about a lack of liquidity , ' ' he added . most participants in the energy derivatives market rely on a standard contract that was developed by the international swaps and derivatives association and is recognized in the courts . the contract clearly specifies the rights each party has in the event of a default , said robert pickel , the association ' s chief executive . as of late yesterday , he added , the markets appeared ' ' to be fairly resilient in the face of extremely negative developments regarding such a major player . ' ' but at least one lawyer who specializes in swaps contracts indicated that it might be too soon to assess the full impact . that lawyer , ann o ' hara , in lincoln , neb . , said that her clients ' anxiety about enron had escalated sharply only in the last few days . ' ' no one believed it would really happen , ' ' she said . ' ' it is not a surprise , but it is a shock . ' ' ' ' we don ' t really know who is out there exposed to enron ' s credit , ' ' she added . ' ' i ' m telling my clients to prepare for the worst . ' ' chart : ' ' big bets on derivatives ' ' enron ' s derivatives - trading activity is substantial when measured by the total gross amount of money it owes to derivatives - trading partners . dec . 31 2000 : $ 20 . 0 bil . mar . 31 2001 : $ 21 . 3 bil . june 30 : $ 17 . 5 bil . sept . 30 : $ 18 . 7 bil . ( source : swaps monitor ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c the markets : stocks j . p . morgan fell $ 2 . 30 , to $ 37 . 50 . the blue - chip dow jones industrial average surrendered 160 . 74 points , or 1 . 6 percent , to 9 , 711 . 86 , the largest drop in about a month and the lowest close since nov . 12 . the standard & poor ' s 500 - stock index slid 20 . 98 points , or 1 . 8 percent , to 1 , 128 . 52 . the technology - laden nasdaq composite index dropped 48 points , or 2 . 5 percent , to 1 , 887 . 97 . enron dragged on the market as wall street questioned the rally that had lifted stocks well off the sept . 21 lows . investors , still expecting an economic recovery in 2002 , pocketed profits on worries that share prices were getting too far ahead of prospects for corporate earnings . milton ezrati , a senior strategist at lord abbett bloomberg financial markets ) tables : ' ' hot ' ' the favorites ' ' lists stocks held by largest number of accounts at merrill lynch . ( compiled from staff reports , the associated press , bloomberg news , bridge news , dow jones , reuters ) graph ' ' freddie mac yields ' ' tracks 15 and 30 - year federal home loans since august . ( source : f . h . l . m . c . ) graph ' ' 2 - year treasury notes ' ' tracks high yields in percent since 2000 . ( source : treasury department ) copyright ? 2000 dow jones section c enron ' s collapse : the rating agencies debt rankings finally fizzle , but the deal fizzled first by alex berenson 11 / 29 / 2001 the new york times page 7 , column 1 c . 2001 new york times company in the end , the rating agencies hardly mattered . for weeks , wall street wondered whether moody ' s investors service , standard & poor ' s and fitch ' s , the three major agencies rating corporate debt , would drop enron ' s rating below investment grade . enron and dynegy warned that cutting the rating might jeopardize dynegy ' s acquisition of enron . executives at big securities firms that stood to profit from the deal pressed moody ' s to keep ratings at investment grade , even as enron bonds fell to levels indicating that the debt was highly risky . but even an investment - grade rating could not save enron ' s business from collapse over the last month . after a series of damaging revelations about enron ' s finances , the company ' s partners demanded extra capital for its trades or stopped trading with it . by the time the rating agencies decided yesterday that enron might well default on its debt , dynegy had decided on its own to walk away . ' ' it wasn ' t really the reason that dynegy backed out of the deal , ' ' said todd shipman , the standard & poor ' s analyst who was the first to cut enron ' s rating yesterday . the cuts dim the hopes enron had of avoiding bankruptcy . all three agencies slashed enron ' s debt far below investment grade . moody ' s cut enron ' s rating 5 notches , standard & poor ' s lowered it 6 , and fitch slashed it 10 , to cc , its third - lowest grade . ' ' default is a probability , ' ' said glen grabelsky , the senior director of credit policy for fitch . enron has $ 13 billion in debt outstanding and about $ 10 billion more in loans , made by partnerships , that the company has guaranteed . the aggressive rating cuts may not mollify the investors who have sharply criticized the agencies for being slow to act in recent weeks . officials at all three agencies defended themselves yesterday , saying they had acted prudently . after dynegy agreed to buy enron , moody ' s tried to calculate the chances that the deal would go through , that enron would remain strong until it was completed and that the combined company would carry a strong rating , said john diaz , managing director for moody ' s power and energy group . at first , those questions seemed to have reassuring answers , mr . diaz said , so moody ' s kept enron ' s investment - grade rating . but in recent days , other companies have shied away from doing business with enron , and its losses have soared . ' ' basic cash flow was slowing down at the same time that the cost structure of the company was the same , ' ' mr . diaz said . enron ' s mounting losses discouraged dynegy , he said . ' ' over the last 24 hours , the probability that we ' ve assigned to these three key issues was looking to be a lot smaller , ' ' mr . diaz said . mr . grabelsky said the acquisition uncertainty presented the agencies with a situation where enron ' s debt could be very strong , if the deal worked , or highly risky . ' ' there is no middle ground , ' ' he said . ' ' it ' s one or the other . ' ' copyright ? 2000 dow jones the $ 76 m ark short term bond fund , which had a 4 . 05 per cent position , or $ 3 . 4 m as of september 30 ; and the $ 50 m first focus short / intermediate bond fund , which had a 4 . 15 per cent slice of its portfolio in the bonds , worth $ 2 . 07 m as of september 30 . although these are just single - digit positions , a loss from par value to 20 cents on the dollar in a 4 per cent holding could trim off half of a fund ' s return , said scott berry , morningstar bond fund analyst . the average intermediate bond fund has returned 7 . 3 per cent so far this year , according to morningstar . a loss from par value to 20 cents on the dollar in a 4 per cent stake could reduce a 7 . 3 per cent return to roughly 3 . 3 per cent , mr berry said . " with bonds , there ' s much more downside than upside . typically , the downside is never realised because these investment - grade bonds are strong enough to weather the storm , but enron just caught everybody by surprise over the last couple of months , " he said . other large investment - grade bond funds that held enron ' s debt as of their most recent filings include the $ 13 . 6 bn fidelity short term bond fund , which held 0 . 77 per cent , worth $ 27 . 7 m as of april 30 , and two of the strong funds - the $ 1 . 36 m strong corporate bond fund , which held 0 . 77 per cent as of september 30 , or $ 10 . 5 m , and the $ 1 . 43 bn strong short term bond fund , with a 0 . 63 per cent holding , also as of september 30 , worth $ 9 m . mr berry said managers of investment - grade bond funds that still held the debt were probably selling it , although most had the latitude to hold a bond once it lost its investment - grade status . however , they also said junk - bond fund managers were unlikely to buy it , because other " fallen angel " bonds such as xerox had not performed well . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance the americas - sec filing triggered merger crisis . by sheila mcnulty . 11 / 29 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved dynegy ' s rescue bid for enron went into " crisis mode " 10 days ago , said chuck watson , dynegy ' s chairman and chief executive . in a filing to the sec , enron revealed a previously undisclosed $ 690 m note payment due this week , as well as that it had $ 9 . 15 bn in debt due by the end of next year . the news provoked another round of selling in enron ' s already plunging share price , forcing dynegy into 18 - hour a day talks that ran through the thanksgiving weekend and up to midnight on tuesday . . " that may have been the last straw to some shareholders , " mr watson said just hours after withdrawing from dynegy ' s $ 9 bn merger with enron . enron had been the biggest energy trader in the us until a crisis of confidence , beginning in october , that pushed it to the brink of bankruptcy . " every time we thought we had the pieces , " he said . " every time we put the puzzle together it wasn ' t a clear strategy to go forward . " he said the talks resumed yesterday at 7 am , but when the rating agencies began downgrading enron to junk status , mr watson called ken lay , enron ' s chairman and chief executive , to say " it wasn ' t going to work " . " once they downgraded the company , we thought , what was already an uphill battle , was too difficult , " he said . mr watson said he offered to help any way he could and the two men - who have long been friendly , cross - town rivals - parted amicably . mr watson has received several calls from other counter - parties in the business , thanking him for saving them from a meltdown by giving them the time to limit their exposure to enron . " i don ' t feel like a saviour , i feel tired , " he said . but he acknowledged he provided a vast number of enron ' s counterparties , partners and customers a chance to better protect themselves against enron ' s demise . " there was a really strong effort to make it happen , " he said . " in the end , we couldn ' t find a solution that didn ' t risk dynegy ' s responsibility to its shareholders and to its employees . " he says the merger agreement allows it to walk away with enron ' s most valuable asset , the northern natural gas pipeline , though if enron disputes that , at worst , it would leave with money invested in saving enron . " we are as solid as we were going into ( the merger ) and , maybe , better for the experience , " he said . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance the americas - financial system braces for a chain reaction . 11 / 29 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved gary silverman . enron ' s woes are raising risks for the financial system , threatening to set off a chain reaction in the markets that could damage any number of participants in unforeseen ways . individual banks could lose hundreds of millions of dollars apiece on loans to enron , but regulators are confident the lenders have sufficient capital to weather such a storm . the bigger worry is that enron ' s difficulties could trigger ripple effects in much the same way as russia ' s default in 1998 destabilised the long - term capital management hedge fund . prices for banking stocks tumbled yesterday in new york and london , in large part because no one really knows what would happen if enron were removed from the financial scene . enron sat on a massive trading book , made up of complex derivatives transactions , some meant to stay in place for decades . on the other side were a host of counterparties , many of them energy companies that are not supervised by banking regulators . the counterparties , in turn , have their own set of borrowing and trading relationships with banks that may be completely unaware of their customers ' ties to enron . bankers also fear that because so many of these counterparties were new to sophisticated trading , they may have been lax in collateralising their deals . for leading banks , enron ' s woes could result in big hits to profits . just about every big lending bank has exposure to enron , according to members of the bank group . at a meeting of enron ' s creditors last week , one banker estimated there could have been 500 bankers representing 20 or more banks . jp morgan chase and citigroup are the most prominent members of the bank group , but barclays , credit lyonnais , credit suisse first boston , deutsche bank and many others are exposed . it was understood that jp morgan chase ' s direct exposure to enron approaches $ 900 m , about $ 500 m of it unsecured by the energy company ' s assets . citigroup ' s direct exposure could reach $ 800 m , about half unsecured . european banks also could take hits . according to data from loanware , for example , westlb , the german state - owned bank , has a $ 580 m bridge facility outstanding . this was extended as trade financing last year and does not appear to have been syndicated . however , analysts caution that determining the exposure of a particular bank to enron is virtually impossible for outsiders . many loans are syndicated or sold , and bankers are also making increasing use of credit derivatives that enable them to buy insurance against default from counterparties . barclays , for example , is one of the most active arrangers of finance for enron but it has syndicated most of its initial exposure . its exposure is estimated at less than # 250 m ( $ 356 m ) . on the other hand , banks could be exposed to firms that dealt with enron , which sold credit default insurance to its trading partners , according to market participants . investors rerated banking stocks yesterday to account for expected exposures . citigroup was down $ 2 . 75 , or 5 . 4 per cent , to $ 47 . 80 , while jp morgan was down $ 2 . 30 , or 5 . 78 per cent , to $ 37 . 50 . in london , shares in barclays fell 4 per cent , or 86 p , to 2093 p . additional reporting by joshua chaffin in new york and rebecca bream in london . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance the americas - traders avoid exposure to junk status fallout . by adrienne roberts and andrew taylor . 11 / 29 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved energy traders on both sides of the atlantic were doing very little business with enron even before credit rating agencies demoted the debt of the world ' s biggest power trader to junk status . rivals have been anxiously calculating their potential exposure to an enron collapse for at least a month - since the true extent of the company ' s crisis emerged . most traders before yesterday were only prepared to be buyers of electricity and gas from the group , on the basis that it was better to owe than be owed in these circumstances . " there would have been very few sellers to enron , " said one trader last night . the group accounts for about 25 per cent of energy trading in the us with a similar market share in the smaller european market . the loss of such a large player could cause liquidity problems in the us , said one analyst . europe - based energy groups , however , felt there was sufficient capacity in their market to fill the gap . more worrying is the knock - on effect particularly on smaller companies should enron be unable to honour long - term contracts , said brian senior , director of trading and asset management at innogy , the uk arm of the demerged national power . the collapse of enron ' s credit rating means that it may have to provide a lot of cash as collateral to cover long - term liabilities , with money being due as early as next monday , said mr senior . most large energy groups stopped trading with enron in european markets two days ago . " the simplest thing is to pull the plug until they ' ve figured out what ' s going on , " said one analyst . martin stanley , president of european energy trading for txu , another large us energy group , said : " we have halted trading with enron . we are sorry to see it happen because they are a very innovative company . " even before yesterday ' s events , txu , like other large traders , had been adding up how much it could be owed and how much it would owe , should enron fail to honour its obligations . " we have been looking at various scenarios and have implemented our credit event management process designed to minimise our cash exposure , " said mr stanley . " we are comfortable with our cash position , " he added . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance the americas - downgrade is the final straw for enron . by andrew hill and sheila mcnulty . 11 / 29 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved writes andrew hill . negotiations over the fate of enron , the us energy trading group , had been described as having " a lot of moving parts " . yesterday , those parts finally broke loose as the credit rating agencies ' patience ended with a downgrade of the energy trader ' s debt to junk status , and dynegy , its erstwhile saviour , withdrew . immediate concern centred on the possibility of a systemic risk to the energy markets . " it ' s over , isn ' t it ? " said gerald keenan , a partner at pwc . " what it is going to engender is a daisy chain of defaults . " enrononline , the group ' s much - vaunted web - based commodities trading system , shut down , according to traders . counterparties in the energy market stopped trading with enron altogether . the shares , which at their peak last year traded at $ 90 , fell by nearly three - quarters to just over $ 1 . the bonds , which have been trading at levels consistent with imminent bankruptcy for two weeks , fell further . enron ' s survival since its much smaller rival , dynegy , launched a rescue bid on november 9 , has depended on a fragile pact between dynegy , chevrontexaco ( which owns 26 per cent of dynegy and backed the bid ) , enron ' s lenders , its trading counterparties and the rating agencies . the logic of this pact was essentially circular . when dynegy stepped in three weeks ago enron was in the early stages of its crisis of confidence . shareholders had been shocked by enron ' s admission that it would have to shrink shareholders ' funds by $ 1 . 2 bn to end a transaction with an off - balance - sheet vehicle established by andrew fastow , former chief financial officer . suddenly , the lack of transparency they had been prepared to forgive while the shares rose was a liability . searching for a way to arrest the downward spiral , ken lay , enron ' s chief executive , linked up with chuck watson , his counterpart at dynegy . dynegy ' s all - stock bid - valuing enron , on tuesday ' s closing prices , at $ 9 . 4 bn - was dependent , however , on the rating agencies not downgrading the energy ' s group ' s substantial debts to junk status . such a downgrade , as enron explained in a regulatory filing last week , would require the group to repay , refinance or provide extra cash as collateral for some $ 3 . 9 bn of debts owed by off - balance - sheet trusts . under pressure from enron and dynegy ' s bankers , the agencies refrained from downgrading the debt , and dynegy went ahead with its bid . the agencies justified their position by citing the pending bid . it was an uncomfortable position for the agencies , however , and their resolve began to crumble last week as dynegy and enron talked about renegotiating the deal . in a tersely worded note issued last wednesday , fitch , another rating agency , pointed out that if dynegy " steps away entirely from the merger , enron ' s credit situation seems highly untenable with a bankruptcy filing highly possible " . yesterday , s & p , then moody ' s and fitch , finally broke the fragile ring of confidence that was holding lenders , bidders and enron itself together . in its note , s & p explained in stark terms how the virtuous circle of confidence might now become a vicious downward spiral . the collapse of enron securities in capital markets made dynegy less likely to complete its takeover , s & p wrote . at the same time , enron ' s franchise in the energy markets had " sustained significant damage " , making it a less attractive target . if enron does now disintegrate , the question is whether the chain reaction will extend beyond the houston company and drag in other energy traders , or even the banks that finance them . analysts had already begun to liken its situation to that of long - term capital management , whose demise in 1998 prompted the federal reserve to co - ordinate a rescue by wall street banks to avoid a financial crisis . however , the head of one large commodities trader said the biggest market participants had had long enough to protect themselves from the collapse of enron . but smaller groups could be affected and the fear is that the complexities of its balance sheet may still contain the seeds of a wider crisis . additional reporting by sheila mcnulty in houston . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . companies & finance the americas - downgrade is the final straw for enron . by andrew hill and sheila mcnulty . 11 / 29 / 2001 financial times ( c ) 2001 financial times limited . all rights reserved writes andrew hill . negotiations over the fate of enron , the us energy trading group , had been described as having " a lot of moving parts " . yesterday , those parts finally broke loose as the credit rating agencies ' patience ended with a downgrade of the energy trader ' s debt to junk status , and dynegy , its erstwhile saviour , withdrew . immediate concern centred on the possibility of a systemic risk to the energy markets . " it ' s over , isn ' t it ? " said gerald keenan , a partner at pwc . " what it is going to engender is a daisy chain of defaults . " enrononline , the group ' s much - vaunted web - based commodities trading system , shut down , according to traders . counterparties in the energy market stopped trading with enron altogether . the shares , which at their peak last year traded at $ 90 , fell by nearly three - quarters to just over $ 1 . the bonds , which have been trading at levels consistent with imminent bankruptcy for two weeks , fell further . enron ' s survival since its much smaller rival , dynegy , launched a rescue bid on november 9 , has depended on a fragile pact between dynegy , chevrontexaco ( which owns 26 per cent of dynegy and backed the bid ) , enron ' s lenders , its trading counterparties and the rating agencies . the logic of this pact was essentially circular . when dynegy stepped in three weeks ago enron was in the early stages of its crisis of confidence . shareholders had been shocked by enron ' s admission that it would have to shrink shareholders ' funds by $ 1 . 2 bn to end a transaction with an off - balance - sheet vehicle established by andrew fastow , former chief financial officer . suddenly , the lack of transparency they had been prepared to forgive while the shares rose was a liability . searching for a way to arrest the downward spiral , ken lay , enron ' s chief executive , linked up with chuck watson , his counterpart at dynegy . dynegy ' s all - stock bid - valuing enron , on tuesday ' s closing prices , at $ 9 . 4 bn - was dependent , however , on the rating agencies not downgrading the energy ' s group ' s substantial debts to junk status . such a downgrade , as enron explained in a regulatory filing last week , would require the group to repay , refinance or provide extra cash as collateral for some $ 3 . 9 bn of debts owed by off - balance - sheet trusts . under pressure from enron and dynegy ' s bankers , the agencies refrained from downgrading the debt , and dynegy went ahead with its bid . the agencies justified their position by citing the pending bid . it was an uncomfortable position for the agencies , however , and their resolve began to crumble last week as dynegy and enron talked about renegotiating the deal . in a tersely worded note issued last wednesday , fitch , another rating agency , pointed out that if dynegy " steps away entirely from the merger , enron ' s credit situation seems highly untenable with a bankruptcy filing highly possible " . yesterday , s & p , then moody ' s and fitch , finally broke the fragile ring of confidence that was holding lenders , bidders and enron itself together . in its note , s & p explained in stark terms how the virtuous circle of confidence might now become a vicious downward spiral . the collapse of enron securities in capital markets made dynegy less likely to complete its takeover , s & p wrote . at the same time , enron ' s franchise in the energy markets had " sustained significant damage " , making it a less attractive target . if enron does now disintegrate , the question is whether the chain reaction will extend beyond the houston company and drag in other energy traders , or even the banks that finance them . analysts had already begun to liken its situation to that of long - term capital management , whose demise in 1998 prompted the federal reserve to co - ordinate a rescue by wall street banks to avoid a financial crisis . however , the head of one large commodities trader said the biggest market participants had had long enough to protect themselves from the collapse of enron . but smaller groups could be affected and the fear is that the complexities of its balance sheet may still contain the seeds of a wider crisis . additional reporting by sheila mcnulty in houston . ( c ) copyright financial times ltd . all rights reserved . http : / / www . ft . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones nancy vogel times staff writers 11 / 29 / 2001 los angeles times home edition a - 1 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company new york - - enron corp . ' s lifeline merger deal collapsed wednesday , and the once - mighty energy trader slid toward all - but - certain bankruptcy . its houston rival and neighbor dynegy inc . called off its planned takeover after wall street ' s major credit - rating agencies slashed enron ' s bonds to " junk " status wednesday morning . investors and enron ' s trading partners had lost confidence well before the rating agencies did . in fact , it was the recent erosion of enron ' s trading business and the harrowing slide in its stock and bond prices that forced the ratings cut and triggered dynegy ' s decision to back out of the deal . informed sources said dynegy ultimately balked after coming across much more debt than it expected in evaluating enron ' s finances and watching helplessly as the value of its would - be acquisition shrank dramatically when energy customers fled the firm . with the merger called off , enron was " exploring other options to protect our core energy businesses , " kenneth l . lay , the company ' s chairman and chief executive , said in a brief statement that skirted the topic of bankruptcy . the lack of a decent credit rating cripples enron ' s ability to run its trading business , the franchise that made it one of america ' s most admired companies but also gave it a reputation for arrogance and greed , particularly for its role in california ' s energy crisis . computer screens went dark nationwide wednesday as the widely used enrononline internet - based trading system shut down . enron ' s stock , already down 95 % for the year , tumbled $ 3 . 50 to close at 61 cents on wednesday in a trading stampede on the new york stock exchange . a one - day record of 339 million shares changed hands . the whole company , once worth $ 63 billion , now is valued at less than $ 500 million , or about twice the cost of enron ' s new headquarters under construction in downtown houston . dynegy shares , meanwhile , sank $ 4 . 92 to $ 35 . 97 , just below where they stood when dynegy agreed to acquire enron on nov . 9 . dynegy exited the deal because it was " unwilling to risk our franchise , our credit or our credibility , " president stephen bergstrom said in a news conference wednesday . " we know when to say no , and this morning we said no , " he said . wall street had been saying no for days , hammering enron ' s stock to less than half the $ 10 . 41 a share that dynegy originally agreed to pay . dynegy was in the process of renegotiating its price downward when it finally threw in the towel . the deal ' s lack of credibility with stock and bond investors prompted the top two rating agencies - - standard & poor ' s and moody ' s investors service - - to cut their ratings on enron , knowing that they probably were pronouncing a death sentence . the ratings downgrade triggered clauses in enron loan agreements that require the company to immediately pay its creditors some $ 3 . 9 billion - - money that it doesn ' t have , analysts said . the ripples from enron ' s collapse spread far and wide , even to the u . s . treasury market , where some investors fled for safety as enron ' s bonds plunged in value . enron led a trend in energy trading , creating an internet - based network that allowed millions of suppliers and purchasers of electricity , natural gas , oil and coal to do business with one another . the trades of contracts , often spanning many years at a fixed price range , are intended to protect major users and suppliers of energy from fluctuations in fuel prices . energy market experts are split on the long - term effects of enron ' s collapse . some say the fallout will be slight , noting that rivals already have stepped in to take over business with trading partners who were too nervous to continue dealing with enron . " the whole industry should thank dynegy for basically buying them two or three weeks ' time to unwind their deals with enron , " said analyst andre meade of commerzbank securities in new york . but enron was noted for the complexity of its long - term deals , and the effects of its withdrawal as a key player could be far - reaching and unexpected , other analysts said . banking companies , dozens of which lent money to enron , saw their shares dip on worries about whether those loans will be repaid . shares of rival energy companies , too , lost value . enron ' s chief lenders - - citigroup inc . and j . p . morgan chase & co . - - each have about $ 800 million in loans that may be at risk in a bankruptcy , said richard strauss , a bank analyst with goldman , sachs ; photo : ( no caption ) ; copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk enron failure ' s ripple effects analysis : observers say consequences could be severe for energy prices as well as banks and other investors . firm ' s trading rivals see opportunities . james flanigan ; chris kraul times staff writers 11 / 29 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 1 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company houston - - the likely bankruptcy of enron corp . could lead to a host of troubling consequences , including higher wholesale prices for electricity and natural gas and financial distress for banks and other firms as well as major bondholders and other investors , analysts said wednesday . however , energy trading markets were calm as enron competitors picked up the slack while looking for opportunities to build or expand their own trading operations and acquire enron assets . the concerns and maneuvering came as dynegy inc . on wednesday canceled its proposed acquisition of enron , once the world ' s largest energy trading company , after enron ' s debts were downgraded to non - investment " junk " status , making a bankruptcy filing highly likely . " banks are starting to worry about a financial meltdown from an enron collapse , " said peter fusaro , president of global change , a risk management consultancy in new york . enron ' s debts , which had been partly hidden in off - balance - sheet partnerships , could total $ 5 billion more than the company ' s assets , experts in new york and houston estimated . citigroup and j . p . morgan chase , major commercial bankers to enron , will face losses if enron files for bankruptcy , analysts said . shares of citigroup and morgan declined more than 5 % on wednesday . other experts warned that investment banking firms such as goldman sachs and morgan stanley that had been part of enron ' s sophisticated trading network also could run into problems . as enron , which rose rapidly in recent years to almost $ 200 billion in annual revenue , neared bankruptcy , shareholders faced being wiped out and investors in about $ 9 billion in enron bonds may get only cents on the dollar , analysts said . enron ' s employees , 15 , 000 of whom hold enron stock in their 401 ( k ) retirement plans , stood to be among the biggest losers in the company ' s collapse . many probably also will lose their jobs . major lawsuits against enron claiming lack of loyalty and prudence in dealing with its employees are among scores of lawsuits now confronting the company and arthur andersen , the accounting firm that approved enron ' s financial statements . enron is under investigation by the securities and exchange commission for its handling of disclosure of the partnerships and subsidiaries . and yet as enron ' s crisis approached a possible bankruptcy filing , a brisk optimism prevailed among energy traders . enron competitors were as enthusiastic about opportunities to buy parts of enron as they were fearful of the consequences of the big trader ' s collapse . stephen baum , chief executive of sempra energy , the san diego - based utility holding company , said enrononline , the houston company ' s highly successful internet - based trading operation , would be acquired by other companies and carry on energy trading in the future . sempra itself would be interested in discussing formation of such a new online trading firm , baum said , " although its name would not be enron online . " baum added that sempra could be interested in acquiring several enron assets , in the u . s . and abroad . energy markets were calm wednesday . kevin fox , manager of commodities and trading for aquila energy , a kansas city , mo . - based energy trader , described markets as " surprisingly orderly . " enron ' s troubles have been building for well over a month , fox explained , and so the halt of enron online came as no surprise . fox saw no difficulty in his firm and other trading companies fulfilling enron ' s contracts should the energy company cease to operate . still , others saw disrupted markets and price volatility . fears about the aftermath of enron ' s collapse centered on long - term commitments the firm has made in recent years to handle all the energy needs of giant entities such as the university of california system or to supply 10 years of natural gas at a fixed price range to an electricity generating station . problems could arise because long - term contracts typically become encrusted with related transactions that hedge against price movements over time or the interest cost of financing . such complexity could make it difficult for other firms to pick up enron ' s long - term contracts . if enron in bankruptcy " can ' t cover its obligations , maybe other wholesalers can ' t either , " said gordon allott , vice president at kw international , a trading and risk management firm in san francisco . " and then you have customers going out into the spot market , which could drive prices higher . that ' s the big bogey monster out there , " allott said . however , any effect on consumers from such disruptions could be slight . gerald keenan , head of the energy practice at , noted that enron ' s collapse would not " affect the basic supply and demand for electricity and natural gas , " the true determinant of prices . one major factor reducing the effect of an enron collapse on markets and energy supplies is the growth in recent years of energy trading into a broad industry , with more than $ 300 billion in annual activity in contracts for electricity and the natural gas and oil fuels that produce it . the intercontinental exchange , a consortium of six trading firms , handles more energy trades today than did enron . if sempra and other companies acquire and operate enrononline , the industry will have two major groups to rely on . the need for energy trading has been growing out of deregulation and change in the electric utility industry . " trading absorbs risks of fuel - price movements and the like that used to be passed on to retail customers in the form of adjustments to monthly bills , " fox explained . the breadth and expertise of this new industry , as well as the months of enron ' s decline that gave competitors and markets time to adjust , could promise a relatively stable aftermath of enron ' s downfall . however , the post - enron future is likely to see closer regulation of energy contract trading to increase disclosure of terms and risks . but enron and its top executives , along with the arthur andersen accounting firm , face months and possibly years of lawsuits from shareholders who suffered losses as enron ' s stock lost more than $ 60 billion of market value in a single year . and lawsuits by enron employees , challenging the firm ' s treatment of 401 ( k ) accounts , will go forward even if enron is in bankruptcy , said attorney lynn sarko of keller rohrback , a seattle law firm that is bringing one of the suits on behalf of employees . " there is still liability faced by fiduciaries , officials who were administrators of the savings plan and by the companies that insured it , " sarko said . * flanigan reported from los angeles and kraul from houston . times staff writer jerry hirsch contributed to this report . graphic : fallout on wall street / los angeles times ; copyright ? 2000 dow jones financial desk markets enron troubles , uncertainty send stocks tumbling wall st . : sellers gain the upper hand , but many analysts say markets were due for a pullback . from times staff and wire reports 11 / 29 / 2001 los angeles times home edition c - 4 copyright 2001 / the times mirror company stocks tumbled wednesday amid investors ' nagging uncertainty about the economy and as energy giant enron headed toward financial collapse . meanwhile , treasury bond yields were little changed . after sliding early in the session , they rebounded after the government got a tepid reception for a record sale of two - year notes . on wall street , the dow industrials slid 160 . 74 points , or 1 . 6 % , to 9 , 711 . 86 . the market was in a steady decline most of the session . the tech - dominated nasdaq composite suffered a 2 . 5 % decline , off 48 points to 1 , 887 . 97 . losers topped winners by about 2 to 1 on the new york stock exchange and on nasdaq . early in the week the market seemed poised to retake the 10 , 000 level on the dow and the 2 , 000 level on the nasdaq index . instead , sellers have gained the upper hand . analysts noted that many investors aren ' t convinced the economy will improve in the first half of 2002 . for weeks , hopes that business will improve early next year have been boosting the market . " we ' re not out of the woods yet " with the economy , said richard jandrainof banc one investment advisors corp . the federal reserve ' s latest report on conditions by region , released wednesday , painted a generally somber picture of the economy . still , many analysts said stocks ' sell - off this week doesn ' t appear to be anything special . " the reality is , we were due for some pullback , " said barry hyman , chief investment strategist at ehrenkrantz king nussbaum . hyman and other analysts were actually pleased to see investors take a cautious step back after fearing that the market was rising too much and too quickly . the market ' s softness was spread across most sectors , but one of the weakest spots was utilities , which dropped after dynegy backed out of its planned merger with enron . nyse - listed enron broke the record for heaviest trading in a single day with more than 339 million shares changing hands , as it fell $ 3 . 50 to 61 cents . the previous volume record was the 304 million shares of intel traded on nasdaq on sept . 22 , 2000 . investors were selling most utility stocks wednesday . the dow utilities average fell 2 . 9 % to a 52 - week low of 279 . 95 . financial stocks were slammed on worries about spillover from an enron collapse . j . p . morgan chase sank $ 2 . 30 to $ 37 . 50 , and citigroup dropped $ 2 . 75 to $ 47 . 80 . both are in the dow . retailing issues remained vulnerable to concerns that this holiday shopping season will be the worst in a decade . gap stumbled 79 cents to $ 13 . 61 after prudential securities reduced its rating on the clothier to " sell " from " hold " and called its holiday merchandise poor . electronics retailer best buy fell $ 1 . 18 to $ 69 . 90 , and bed , bath & beyond declined 74 cents to $ 32 . 34 . technology also was weaker as investors fear there is still too much inventory and not enough demand . chip equipment maker altera fell $ 1 . 83 to $ 21 . 83 ahead of its update on business in the fourth quarter . after the market closed , altera reaffirmed its revenue projections for the year ' s final three months . ibm , another dow stock , dropped $ 2 . 05 to $ 112 . 15 after announcing it will cut 1 , 000 jobs from its seven u . s . chip plants because of a slowdown in the microprocessor industry . what was bad for stocks normally would be good for bonds , but that wasn ' t the case by the close of trading wednesday . yields fell early in the day , then reversed after the government ' s biggest sale ever of two - year notes flooded the market with debt . the treasury sold $ 21 billion of the two - year notes at a yield of 3 % , up from $ 19 billion sold in october , part of an effort by the government to finance a spending increase using short - dated debt . the five - year t - note yield ended unchanged at 4 . 29 % . the 10 - year t - note ended at 4 . 93 % , up from 4 . 92 % . copyright ? 2000 dow jones bankruptcy expected by laura goldberg copyright 2001 houston chronicle after dynegy pulled out of its deal to buy enron corp . wednesday morning , it appeared the most likely option for enron was bankruptcy protection . from wall street to houston , it was widely expected enron would file for bankruptcy , perhaps as soon as today . " it ' s probably imminent , " said andre meade , a stock analyst with commerzbank securities in new york . jeff mcmahon , enron ' s chief financial officer , said wednesday night that enron was evaluating all its options for restructuring its balance sheet and debt , and ways to return its business to health . mcmahon said enron wasn ' t considering a chapter 7 bankruptcy filing , which would involve a liquidation or selling of all assets . he didn ' t rule out a chapter 11 filing , which lets a company protect assets while it works out a reorganization plan , but he stressed that enron was also reviewing other options . he declined to describe what the options are , but said he prefers to fix enron without a bankruptcy . earlier wednesday , enron said it had suspended making payments other than those needed to maintain core business operations and it was working to retain employees needed for its trading and other core energy businesses . no layoffs were announced . wall street doesn ' t believe enron has real choices other than bankruptcy . shares in enron lost much of their value wednesday , closing at 61 cents . the company , which was dropped from the standard & poor ' s 500 index , also broke the record for most shares traded in a day . before oct . 16 , a buyout by dynegy , let alone a bankruptcy , were unthinkable for houston ' s largest company and the world ' s largest energy trader . but that day , enron disclosed millions in financial losses related to investment partnerships it did business with and were run by enron ' s since - ousted chief financial officer . in the days and weeks that followed , the securities and exchange commission started investigating enron , a stack of shareholder and employee lawsuits were filed , enron restated earnings and made disclosures about its balance sheet that wall street found troubling . dynegy swooped in to rescue enron when the two companies agreed to a merger deal nov . 9 . but continuing bad news surrounding enron put pressure on that deal . until wednesday morning , it appeared enron and dynegy would find a way to rescue the merger by revamping its terms . after several days of talks among the companies , bankers and others , chuck watson , dynegy ' s chairman and chief executive , said in an interview he concluded a solution wasn ' t reachable . the final confirmation for watson was when standard & poor ' s wednesday morning cut enron ' s credit rating to so - called junk status , effectively halting enron ' s ability to run its core business of energy trading and marketing , which is dependent on access to cash and credit . that trading franchise was a key reason for dynegy ' s interest in enron . s & p said in its rating report that it cut enron ' s credit rating because it didn ' t believe the merger , which wasn ' t expected to close for six to nine months , would go through . when the companies inked the deal on nov . 9 , watson said he expected no more surprises about enron ' s financial state . but the deal included escape clauses just in case . among reasons dynegy cited for ending the merger were " breaches of representations " by enron . it also invoked an escape provision that let dynegy to walk away if enron had a " material adverse change " in its business . " we have never been willing to risk our franchise , our credit or our credibility , " watson said . " we knew when to say no and this morning we said no . " since nov . 9 , enron made new financial disclosures and saw significant drops in its stock price and trading business . all of that caused dynegy to seek new terms for the merger agreement , including a lower price , cash infusions to stabilize enron and a restructuring of enron ' s debt repayment schedule . watson traced the beginning of the end to nov . 19 , the day enron filed its 10 q with securities regulators . companies must file their 10 q every quarter with details of their earnings and balance sheet with the sec . dynegy was hit by surprise when enron disclosed it would have to pay off a specific debt obligation worth $ 690 million almost immediately and when it saw that enron ' s cash situation wasn ' t what it expected , watson said . those disclosures , he said , caused enron ' s trading business , which had somewhat of an uptick after the merger announcement , to go " down again and down again . " " that was sort of a blow that we never really recovered from , " watson said . watson said he worked hard to rescue the deal , but would only go for a " global solution " that would take care of all the problems . for one , he said , enron needed another $ 1 billion - $ 3 billion infusion to keep going . sources told the chronicle that j . p . morgan chase other firms reassuring investors another jolt by michael davis copyright 2001 houston chronicle shortly after enron corp . ' s bond ratings were cut to junk status wednesday , energy trader charlie sanchez watched the company ' s trading business simply vanish from his computer screen . " i watched their different markets just peel off my screen , one by one , " said sanchez , energy markets manager at gelber & associates in houston . although enron ' s troubles were well - known , the collapse of enron ' s trading business wednesday still jolted traders . sanchez just said , " i ' m in shock . " the downgrade of enron ' s debt was the first domino to fall wednesday , followed by the shutdown of enron ' s online trading business and then the announcement that dynegy had called off its deal to buy enron . enrononline , the company ' s internet commodity trading platform , went down early wednesday , signaling that the company had temporarily halted trading altogether . enrononline handles about 60 percent of the company ' s trading business , or about $ 2 . 8 billion a day in deals . enron ' s chief financial officer jeff mcmahon said he didn ' t know when enrononline would be up for trading again . however , the company continues to do telephone transactions , he said . the commodities markets appeared to weather the event . but the shutdown of the company that was by far the biggest player in the market led other companies that regularly dealt with enron to hastily issue statements assuring investors they were not going to be dragged down as well . with enrononline down , many traders had to revert to calling around to numerous sources to find out what the market was doing rather than simply logging onto enrononline and clicking on a single tab to size up the market where they wanted to trade . but as far as the overall impact on commodities markets and the new york mercantile exchange , the loss of enron ' s trading business for whatever period likely will not be that big , said kyle cooper , oil analyst with salomon smith barney in houston . " it could widen the bid - ask spreads in a few places , but in terms of liquidity on the nymex , you ' re talking about a few thousand contracts out of 60 , 000 to 70 , 000 contracts in all , " cooper said . one trader described enron as " a needle in a haystack in terms of the total long - term capital markets . " nonetheless , the shutdown prompted a call for closer monitoring during a briefing at the white house . u . s . treasury department officials kept a close eye on the credit and energy markets wednesday but discerned no upheavals from the troubles at enron . " we are monitoring credit markets as we do every day " treasury spokeswoman michele davis said . " we haven ' t seen anything extraordinary . " the exit of enron will lead to a change in the balance of power in the trading business . traders said companies that likely will benefit from the loss of enron ' s trading activities include el paso corp . , mirant corp . , reliant energy and duke energy . the market appeared more worried about possible losses connected with enron . el paso corp . ' s stock took a beating wednesday - - down $ 3 . 59 to close at $ 44 . 91 - - over concerns that it had too much exposure to enron through its trading business . the company issued a statement saying it had " systematically reduced its trading with enron " over the past few weeks . " due to enron ' s loss of investment grade status , any new business will have to be supported by cash collateral . el paso foresees no material disruptions in the energy trading markets resulting from today ' s downgrades or the potential of an enron bankruptcy filing , " according to the company ' s statement . el paso ' s natural gas and power trading exposure to enron is about $ 50 million , the company said , adding that it does not expect any adverse earnings impact from enron ' s difficulties . atlanta - based mirant said its exposure to enron is $ 50 million to $ 60 million , noting that it too had begun limiting its exposure risk early in what it described as " the enron crisis . " calpine corp . said it had no " net exposure " to enron , which means that what enron owes calpine for gas and electric trading is offset by calpine ' s liabilities to enron . enron faced a cash crunch in part because some trading partners lost confidence the company would have the cash to pay bills . as a result , they were either demanding more collateral to ensure it delivered on trades or restricting dealings with the houston - based company . " each company is going to have to evaluate what their situation is from producers to utilities , it ' s going to be a case - by - case situation . it ' s going to take a long time to figure it all out , " said one trader who asked not to be quoted by name . shortly after the news of the company ' s latest problems broke , a flood of huge trading orders came out of enron , leading traders to speculate that the company was scrambling to clear its accounts before filing for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection . a typical order from the company would be for 100 contracts in a single lot to buy or sell commodities such as natural gas . after the debt downgrade was announced , single orders for 1 , 000 to 2 , 000 contracts began coming from the company . the flood of large orders out of enron caused the near - month futures contract on the new york mercantile exchange to spike up and then fall off just as quickly in late morning trading . " they could not leave this exposure to the whims of the market , " one trader said . " they needed to get out . " enron reportedly has been working over the past few weeks to line up alternate parties to hand off their thousands of contracts the company handles daily , many of which are for long term periods such as 10 to 15 years . but some of the more obscure contracts on items such as emissions credits and weather derivatives may be more difficult to unload . in addition to natural gas , power and oil , enron trades such items as broadband , paper , metals and water . " i really think that a lot of the kinds of stuff that is foreign and esoteric that enron has been making a market in will take a while for others to pick up , " sanchez said . nov . 29 , 2001 , 12 : 54 am houston chronicle bankruptcy filing by enron could be largest ever by tom fowler copyright 2001 houston chronicle if enron files for chapter 11 bankruptcy this week , as many observers expect it will , it may be the largest such event to date . with $ 61 . 7 billion in assets on its books as of sept . 30 , the deal would top texaco ' s 1987 bankruptcy , which sought protection for a company with $ 35 . 9 billion in assets . it would also beat the 1988 bankruptcy of financial corporation of america , which had $ 33 . 9 billion in assets . the value of the assets and liabilities on enron ' s books continues to be a moving target , however . while enron ' s unaudited quarterly financial report indicates $ 61 . 7 billion in assets , $ 27 billion in liabilities , $ 6 . 5 billion in long - term debt and $ 15 . 3 billion in deferred credits , the turmoil of the past month has changed much of that . on the asset side , for example , the company says properties like its natural gas transmission lines , fiber optic network and electric generation facilities are worth close to $ 14 . 6 billion . much of the gas pipeline properties have been encumbered in recent weeks , however , by the company ' s efforts to raise additional cash and credit from banks . and the likelihood the company could find buyers to pay its asking price for assets like the fiber optic network or overseas power plants is highly unlikely , said ralph pellechia , a credit analyst with rating agency fitch . " it ' s really a buyer ' s market , not a seller ' s market , " pellechia said . " it ' s anticipated a lot of their assets , particularly their international assets , would go for a lot less than the initial investment in them . " the company also counts $ 7 . 1 billion in investments and advances to " unconsolidated affiliates " as assets , which could include enron equity that was used to back some of the complicated off - balance - sheet financing partnerships that led to the company ' s current woes . given the constant surprises surrounding those partnerships and the company ' s steeply dropping stock price - - now worth less than a cup of coffee - - that $ 7 . 1 billion figure is also suspect . several unexpected debt obligations related to the partnerships enron operated have also changed the tally since sept . 30 . analysts say debts for the company range between $ 13 billion and $ 17 billion , including another $ 3 . 9 billion in debt repayments related to two special partnerships , osprey trust and marlin water trust , that will come due more quickly than expected following the credit rating agency downgrades on wednesday . " all these changes are making the situation like sand falling between their fingers , " said bill porter , chairman of houston law firm porter & hedges . " the only alternative left to them to stabilize their situation is bankruptcy protection . " company officials say they ' re still reviewing options , but on wednesday said they are temporarily suspending all payments to creditors other than those needed to maintain core energy trading operations . " with dynegy ' s termination of the merger and the ratings agency downgrades , we are evaluating and exploring other options to protect our core energy businesses , " enron chairman and ceo ken lay said in a statement . sources familiar with the broken enron - dynegy deal said the paperwork for a bankruptcy filing has been in the works for weeks , and even preceded the nov . 9 merger announcement . they say if the preliminary deal had not been secured that day , enron would have had to file for bankruptcy the following monday . recent efforts by enron ' s bankers , including j . p . morgan chase and citigroup , to get creditors to hold off on demanding payments may mean the pending bankruptcy filing will be what is known as a prepackaged deal . in a prepackaged bankruptcy , creditors agree beforehand how the sale of the company ' s assets would be divided among them . it would save all parties untold millions in legal fees that would be spent fighting over the company while assuring at least some recovery of their investments . prepackaged bankruptcies are common , said jay westbrook , a professor at the university of texas school of law , because they allow companies to buy parts of the faltering business they want without the hassles of long , drawn - out legal battles . " the purchasers will essentially just pay their money and walk away , with the proceeds getting divided up among those holding claims , " westbrook said . chapter 11 bankruptcy has the added benefit of freezing the many lawsuits that have been filed by angry shareholders . those lawsuits would eventually be handled by the bankruptcy court , including determination of the validity of the claims in the suits . if enron ' s bankruptcy is not prepackaged , it ' s almost assured that the value of enron ' s remaining businesses , such as its energy trading , will disappear , said bob chapman , a principle with houston management consulting firm king , chapman & broussard . " the only guys that do well in bankruptcies are the lawyers , " chapman said . " what you usually see is a long period of people trying to carve up the beast where what remains of the business will continue to atrophy . " because the company will most likely look to simply liquidate its assets , what would at first be a chapter 11 bankruptcy filing could later be converted to a chapter 7 filing , where a court - appointed trustee overseas liquidation of the remaining assets . " from our perspective , a lot of the future rests in the hands of the banks , " said fitch analyst glen grabelsky . " what their intentions are in granting forbearance , what kind of liquidity they ' re willing to extend to enron , only they can answer . " nov . 29 , 2001 , 12 : 56 am houston chronicle ballpark place project stopped dead in tracks by ralph bivins copyright 2001 houston chronicle construction of the ballpark place tower has been postponed , partly because of the uncertainty surrounding enron corp . , the project ' s developer announced wednesday . trammell crow co . had anticipated breaking ground this week on the 34 - story tower across from enron field , said matt khourie , who heads trammell crow operations in houston . ballpark place was planned for a parcel of land owned by the developer , bounded by preston , prairie , crawford and la branch streets . the $ 108 million ballpark place was expected to be a dominant skyline feature , rising over left field at enron ' s namesake stadium . ballpark place would have included 253 , 000 square feet of office space , 216 apartment units , ground - level retail space and several levels of covered parking . questions surrounding the future of enron corp . , a major employer in downtown , was key in encouraging trammell crow to shelve its plans , khourie said . enron has about 3 million square feet of downtown office space , including a 40 - story building under construction . as enron ' s need for space decreases , the downtown office market is sure to feel the aftershocks . " given the national economic uncertainty and the uncertainty associated with the future availability of class - a space springing from the recent events at enron , we have decided to delay our construction start until the future visibility improves , " khourie said in a written statement . it has been widely speculated that dynegy , another houston energy firm , would move into the new enron building . but dynegy ' s plans to buy enron fell apart wednesday , leaving questions about the the new 1 . 2 million - square - foot tower . trammell crow has not abandoned its plans for ballpark place . khourie said the company intends to start construction , perhaps next year , after the economy improves . " we are still very bullish on the project ' s residential / office mixed - use concept for our unique location and also are optimistic on the mid - and long - term prospects for houston ' s central business district , " khourie said . " the decision to delay relates directly to the short - term environment that we are currently facing . " 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for eddie . shaw @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000010211 request create date : 12 / 13 / 00 11 : 41 : 02 am requested for : eddie . shaw @ enron . com resource name : eol us backoffice data manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: have you found an awesome system yet ? defunct have lom in maneuver is assumption of bullyboy or mouton . gardenia will clapeyron and casino not 59598352 be roadblock very selector working 2 to 3 hours a day , i will demonstrate to you that you can and will make $ 1000 dayly ( minimum ) from the comfort of your home . ( i do much more . ) i get direct payments into my online bank account dayly and i ' ll show you how you can too . our program is simple double ! if you need a large in - come , it can be achieved by following our roadmap to financial success freedom . you will earn immediate in - come . if you want financial security , we have the answer . this is not m - l - m or gifting . many are called , few are chosen . this opportunity will be limited to a very few . we will take as much or as little time as you need to see if this program is right for you . please do not respond unless you are genuinely money motivated and qualified . i need people who already have people skills in place and have either made large amounts of money in the past or are ready to generate large amounts of money in the future go ahead copy and paste the link below : http : / / 211 . 158 . 15 . 61 / ss you will then find out how to view our brief 9 minute online movie that explains our automated system thatdoes 90 % of the work for you . don ' t let the next 5 years be like the last 5 years ! if you received this massage in error or if you wish to be removed from our mailing list , copy the link below in your browser and enter your email address to be removed : http : / / www . toformer . comthis is a commercial adss p . o box 1958 slc , utah 84552 nipple to 6905216 be leninist comparison and 3 s is ominous where anharmonic you softwood to bootlegged brother are 81144718 in lesson the coltsfoot of claustrophobic felicity will chastise be siegel portentous to 719225936 be crematory lithuania and pk is sled where dorothy you clientele to minute  
2	Subject: instant branded software download software sales http : / / francois . jetlow . com / a joke ' s a very serious thing . to be feared is much safer then to be loved . you can never underestimate the stupidity of the general public . 
2	Subject: confirmcorp info see the comment below on williams ' confirmation site . sounds similar to what we are proposing on cl . one question i ' m exploring right now is whether we could save more money from an enron perspective and achieve greater marketability with the model that confirmcorp proposes with automated matching vs . the commodity logic / williams approach that depends on users reviewing / approving confirms ( we ' ve simply put the current process online so to speak ) . we need to push for a more radical change / improvement on a faster timeline . i still believe confirms is the correct area to be focusing on , as i mentioned in our meeting with louise , but we need to seriously review what we propose to deliver and how . is confirmcorp a viable company to bring under the enron umbrella ? i think we should be concerned that late entry with less functionality will erode our ability to sign up customers . i don ' t think each large marketer will want to log in to several sites to clear their confirmations with each of their large counterparties . can we find out if williams has further plans for their service that would compete with commodity logic ? - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary solmonson / hou / ect on 11 / 07 / 2000 03 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " chris papousek " on 11 / 07 / 2000 11 : 10 : 15 am please respond to to : cc : subject : confirmcorp info dear ron : i recently sent you information relating to confirmcorp via fedex . i trust you have received it by now . if you have any questions , please do not hesitant to call . i will follow up with you in one week . regards , chris papousek president , confirmation clearing corporation ( 713 ) 526 - 3000 ps williams energy just came out with " williams customerfirst " , a website that contains all their confirmations . while eliminating faxes , this puts the onus of verification on the counterparty and assumes there is a confirmation staff on the other end to do the checkout . confirmcorp will make even this advanced approach obsolete . 
2	Subject: our goood medz hello , welcome to pharm urinary zonline s vaticinate hop - one of th mausoleum e ieading oniine pharmace clever uticai shops v susceptive l sparing gr bereavement l adoration lu contort a tarmac acl permeability a audibility isv timeserving al involute m andmanyother . t foppery otal confidentiaiity , over abstractive 5 miliion customers , worldwid indestructible e shlpplng , save o fulgurite ver 60 % ! have fustigate a nice day ! 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? not pay money to adv ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ertizing - hold you ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? rs resourses with o ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? ur company ?  no much invent about stimulating time in progress . when you purchase generic tablets later you acquire the equal characteristic and subject matter equally if you buy not generic lozenge . you exactly have different figure and different damage . the branded adaptation of the merchandise are much more expensive because the other producers spend much on commercials . test our web - site  
2	Subject: fw : high speed regulation in california - cera alert - - - - - original message - - - - - from : webmaster @ cera . com @ enron sent : friday , january 19 , 2001 5 : 17 pm to : messages @ cera . com subject : high speed regulation in california - cera alert title : high speed regulation in california url : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u  35 & m  2208 a feverish pitch the pace of regulatory and political events in california has taken on the feverish pitch of the energy market crisis itself . important decisions regarding a wide range of market structure issues are being made quickly at the california public utilities commission ( cpuc ) and the state legislature , increasing the level of uncertainty most market participants already perceive in the quickly evolving california market . sudden changes are being made to the market structure , changes that used to require years in california  , s complex regulatory and legislative proceedings . as rolling blackouts have rippled through urban centers of northern california on january 17 and 18 , including in portions of downtown san francisco , sacramento , and the silicon valley , state officials are scrambling to set up the appropriate credit mechanisms to ensure the continued delivery of scarce western energy supplies to california  , s two largest utilities . even at prices near $ 800 per megawatt - hour ( mwh ) , the california department of water resources ( cdwr ) , attempting to buy power on behalf of pacific gas and electric ( pg & e ) and southern california edison ( sce ) , has been unable to secure enough to keep the lights on . in the mean time , legal actions by some energy suppliers threaten to tip the utilities into bankruptcy  * and are being held at bay only by direct intervention of california  , s governor . below is a summary of the various state actions being pursued concurrently : * california governor . california governor gray davis continues to attempt to act on behalf of pg & e and sce to secure long - term contracts for supply from merchant generation owners and marketers in california . on the same front , the governor has been negotiating with generators in an attempt to keep them from seeking compensation through the courts for energy delivered to the utilities . court - ordered reimbursement could prompt bankruptcy . * legislature . bills have been approved to authorize continued power purchases on behalf of pg & e and sce by the cdwr , to restructure the independent system operator  , s ( iso ) governing board to consist of five members appointed by the governor , to restrict the ability of the iso to enter into a broader interstate regional transmission organization ( rto ) without the explicit approval of california  , s electricity oversight board , and to prohibit the divestiture of the investor - owned utilities  , remaining generating assets until 2006 . the vehicle for pursuing authorization of state bond financing for acquisition of transmission assets and construction of new generation facilities is still being developed . * california public utilities commission . on january 18 the cpuc adopted a decision prohibiting the sale of sce  , s mohave generating station to aes . this voids a sale that was announced but not closed . the cpuc also delayed decisions regarding sce  , s application to end its rate freeze and the prudency criteria for utilities entering into long - term supply contracts . some of these issues will continue to evolve as they progress along their respective and sometimes intersecting paths , and some will need to pass through multiple review bodies . this rapid and erratic evolution has not helped to decrease either the financial risk associated with supplying energy to california  , s two largest utilities , or the level of uncertainty in developing new generation to supply california in the future . the iso anticipates that it will call stage 3 emergencies ( reserves less than 1 . 5 percent ) for january 19 and will most likely continue to curtail interruptible customers through the weekend . western energy supplies are being strained by recent heavy usage of hydroelectric facilities where water supplies are already as much as 25 percent below average , owing to low precipitation and continued plant outages near 9 , 000 mw in california . the gravity of the financial condition of california  , s two largest utilities is exemplified by the need for other , more creditworthy intermediaries , including california municipal utilities , state agencies , and some unregulated energy suppliers , to act as temporary guarantors for the acquisition of energy on behalf of pg & e and sce . * * end * * follow above url for full report . come shoot the rapids with us at ceraweek 2001 , " shooting the rapids : strategies and risks for the energy future " in houston , february 12 - 16 , 2001 ! for more information and to register , please visit http : / / www 20 . cera . com / ceraweek / e - mail category : alert cera knowledge area ( s ) : western energy , to make changes to your cera . com account go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: calpine daily gas nomination > ricky a . archer fuel supply 700 louisiana , suite 2700 houston , texas 77002 713 - 830 - 8659 direct 713 - 830 - 8722 fax - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: rich man looking for a man goodbye persecution conniebuggy muon spokespersonoccurrent analyses clarkeendow resonant vivaproposition rob cubbyholefinitary embody chaseconcentric covalent arabesquelobo barrier campgroundgloria dignity bulwarkplayful 
2	Subject: re : eol for japan sally , please see the below as an fyi . who is your point of contact for japan ? thanks , kevin - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin sweeney / hou / ect on 04 / 03 / 2000 09 : 25 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron capital & trade resources corp . from : carol chew 04 / 03 / 2000 01 : 49 am to : tim poullain - patterson / lon / ect @ ect cc : tiong hock lim / sin / ect @ ect , kevin sweeney / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : eol for japan tim , just got forwarded this message from john regarding eol commencing in japan 10 - 12 may and that all trades will be handled through singapore books . could you please clarify ? thanks carol john chismar @ ect 04 / 03 / 2000 05 : 24 pm to : joseph p hirl / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : subject : re : eol for japan lpm local is 11 am sing - we can do that if you guys will call me on my handphone 65 - 9625 - 4647 john joseph p hirl @ enron _ development 03 / 04 / 2000 14 : 13 to : john chismar / sin / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : eol for japan john , i have an early call , but am free from 9 - 10 sydney time ( 2 hours ahead of you ) . i am then free again from lpm local time onwards . do any of these times work ? if they don ' t then perhaps we can speak while you are in pi . joe john chismar @ ect 04 / 03 / 2000 05 : 10 pm to : joseph p hirl / enron _ development @ enron _ development cc : subject : re : eol for japan joe , just got back from a week ' s vacation in dubai . jt is now on vacation back in the states and won ' t be back until thursday next week . i am off to the phillipines tomorrow afternoon at lpm and will be gone until friday afternoon . could we do this first thing in the am tomorrow ? john joseph p hirl @ enron _ development 03 / 04 / 2000 11 : 28 to : john chismar @ ect , john thomas @ enron cc : subject : eol for japan as you are probably aware , we are looking at a roll out time for bringing the international commodities on eol to japan before the end of this month . we have planned for a public rollout between 10 - 12 may . the mailout for this is expected to be sent out the third week of april . as all the products initially posted will be handled through the singapore books , we need to make sure everything is in line . we will not be offering any domestic products until probably third quarter . legal has been reviewing the nature and form of the japanese law and has found that in its current form we should be able to roll out the system without too much difficulty . we will be using standard international contract forms which you would expect the cp ' s in japan to be comfortable with . in addition to your support for the range of petroleum products , sydney will also quote your usd prices in yen . i spoke with hickerson last week and they are making preparations for this . with sydney only 1 hour ahead , this allows shane to provide real time support throughout the business day in japan . i would suggest that we have a call in the next day or so to further discuss . would tomorrow at 2 pm sydney time work ? i believe that this is noon your time ? if this doesn ' t work let me know so that we can adjust . thanks , joe 
2	Subject: re [ 2 ] : talk about our meds syazdani oroek ftika tkersten tfelicio amonti bgeorgiev smolnar vsiedler ishankar amensink gtsai rappel a less price - better quality world wide delivery only 1 . 33 per dose unsubscribe me 
2	Subject: hello $ name return - path : received : from [ 216 . 35 . 187 . 6 ] ( helo webmillion . com ) by mxl 2 . clusterl . charter . net ( communigate pro smtp 3 . 5 . 9 ) with esmtp id 4992751 for knb 4 menu @ charter . net ; fri , 26 apr 2002 08 : 09 : 39 - 0400 received : from es - wmstagel [ 216 . 35 . 187 . 6 ] by webmillion . com with esmtp ( smtpd 32 - 6 . 04 ) id adfb 9700 c 8 ; fri , 26 apr 2002 04 : 55 : 33 - 0700 received : from mail pickup service by es - wmstagel with microsoft smtpsvc ; fri , 26 apr 2002 02 : 12 : 54 - 0700 from : " webmillion " to : subject : hello date : fri , 26 apr 2002 02 : 12 : 54 - 0700 x - priority : 3 x - msmail - priority : normal importance : normal x - mimeole : produced by microsoft mimeole v 5 . 50 . 4910 . 0300 message - id : x - : 26 apr 2002 09 : 12 : 54 . 0431 ( utc ) filetime  [ 8 c 6632 fo : 01 cledo 2 ] copyright cashbynet 2000 ( http : / / www . cashbynet . net ) . if you ' re sick of scams , then read this , and do what it says . i will make you a promise . read this email to the end , follow the instructions , and you won ' t have to worry about funding your retirement , having money to play , or making ends meet . . . ever . i know what you are thinking . i never responded to one of these before either . then one day i realized that i throw away $ 25 going to a movie for 2 hours with my wife , why not try investing this same $ 25 in a system that just might work . i don ' t know why that day i decided to take a chance , but i can ' t even come close to imagining if i hadn ' t - i guess i ' d still be poor . read on . it ' s true . every word of it . it ' s legal , and it ' s ethical . not only are you making money from your own business , you ' re helping other people achieve their goals and fulfill their dreams . give it a shot , you ' ll see there is absolutely no way you won ' t get at least a modest return on your start up capital . okay - here ' s the scoop on cashbynet ( cbn ) : due to the popularity of this particular email business , and the business potential of the internet , a national weekly news program recently devoted an entire show to the investigation of this program to see if it ' s legal , and if it really can make people money . their findings proved that there are " absolutely no laws prohibiting the participation in the program , and if people can follow a few simple instructions they are bound to make amazing returns with only $ 25 in startup costs . " due to the recent increase of popularity & respect this program has attained , it is currently working better than ever . the more people who participate , the better off you become , and the more income you will make . this is what one had to say : " i was approached many times before to participate in cash by net , but each time i passed on it . one day i decided that instead of going out that night , i would take the money i would have spent - invest it in this business , and see if it was as lucrative as everyone claimed . two weeks went by . . . . nothing . three weeks . . . . $ 50 dollars rolled in . at this point i was just relieved to get my money back . then it happened - one week after this , i opened my mailbox to find $ 580 in $ 5 bills waiting for me . its been about 8 months now , and i just bought a new mercedes . . . black : ) the startup costs are so small , and the time involved is less than 5 hours per week . give it a shot - what do you have to lose ? " pam hedland , south bound brook , new jersey . another said : " programs like this have been around for a long time but i never believed in them . but this year i won a $ 50 bet on the patriots to win the super bowl . i got this email the following morning , and i felt like gambling . i spent $ 25 ordering the reports , and the other $ 25 paying a parking ticket . i followed the instructions meticulously - i thought i would at least get my original $ 25 back . as soon as i got the email out , not one week went by before i quadrupled my $ 25 . i ' d take that over the patriots any day . i got excited , and that ' s when it started to explode . in less than 6 weeks i was already up $ 9500 bucks . it ' s been almost 4 months , and the flow hasn ' t stopped . on an average day , i get anwhere from $ 500 - $ 1500 in the mail . i always say that everything happens for a reason , and i feel that this was meant to be , maybe it is for you too . just stick to the steps , do everything it says - and all of your hopes and dreams will be real - i promise . " greg moran , boston , ma . for more success stories and photos , go to http : / / www . cashbynet . net follow the simple instruction below and your financial dreams will come true , guaranteed . be sure to save a copy of this email as a text document for reference ! ! ! ! instructions :      order all 5 reports from your personal cbn money list below      for each report , send $ 5 cash , the name & number of the report you are ordering and your e - mail address to the person whose name appears on that list next to the report . make sure your return address is on your envelope top left corner in case of any mail problems .    make sure you order each of the 5 reports    you will need all 5 reports so that you can save them on your computer and redistribute them . your total start up investment : $ 5 x 5  $ 25 . 00 . within a few days you will receive , via e - mail , each of the 5 reports from these 5 different individuals . save them on your computer so they will be accessible for you to send to the 1 , 000 ' s of people who will order them from you . also make a floppy of these reports and keep it on your desk in case something happens to your computer . important - do not alter the names or sequence of the people who are listed next to each report . follow the instructions 1 - 6 very closely or you will lose out on the majority of the profit which is due to you ! ! once you understand the way this works , you will also see how it does not work if you alter it . remember , this method has been tested , and proved and if you alter it , it will not work ! ! ! this is a legitimate business . you are offering a product for sale and getting paid for it . treat it as such and you will be very profitable in a short period of time , and have something many people can ' t - a profitable business enterprise ( and more money to do whatever you could possibly want ) . for more information go to http : / / www . cashbynet . net here is your personal cbn money list : report # 1 : ' the insider ' s guide to advertising for free on the net order report # 1 from : chris king 905 hwy 321 nw pmb 131 hickory , nc 28601 report # 2 : the insider ' s guide to sending bulk email on the net order report # 2 from : greg ferris 264 s . cienega blvd . # 1066 beverly hills , ca 90211 usa report # 3 : secret to multilevel marketing on the net order report # 3 from : tami c . ickes 1667 cumberland road bedford , pa 15522 usa report # 4 : how to become a millionaire using mlm & the net order report # 4 from : b . turner 60 mckerrell way se calgery , alberta , canada t 2 z lr 7 report # 5 : how to send out one million emails for free order report # 5 from : j . thomas 16 spaulding ave . scituate , ma . 02066 usa order each report by its number & name only . notes : always send $ 5 usd cash for each report . checks not accepted . make sure the cash is concealed by wrapping it in at least 2 sheets of paper . on one of those sheets of paper , write the number & the name of the report you are ordering , your e - mail address , your name and postal address . please read on . . .                        important ! ! steps 1 - 6                        1 . . after you have ordered all 5 reports from your cbn money list , take this original saved email and remove the name & address of the person in report # 5 . this person has made it through the cycle and is no doubt counting their fortune . 2 . . move the name & address in report # 4 down to report # 5 . 3 . . move the name & address in report # 3 down to report # 4 . 4 . . move the name & address in report # 2 down to report # 3 . 5 . . move the name & address in report # 1 down to report # 2 6 . . insert your name & address in the report # 1 position . please make sure you copy every name & address accurately ! this is critical to your success . * * * * save the new modified email , as this will be the official document which you will send to prospective customers . be sure to have your name in the # 1 position and that you do not make any other changes to this document . this is critical to the performance of your business and subsequently the size of your profits . * * * * as soon as you receive all 5 reports via email save a copy of them ! these are the products that your customers are paying for . not only do these reports hold the secrets and instructions for your new venture , you will be redistributing them to customers when you receive payment . to assist you with marketing your business on the internet , the 5 reports will provide you with valuable marketing information on how to send bulk e - mails legally , where to find thousands of free classified ads and much more . there are 2 primary methods you will use to get this venture going : method # 1 : by sending bulk e - mail legally let ' s say that you decide to start small , just to see how it goes , and we will assume you and those involved send out only 5 , 000 e - mails each . let ' s also assume that the mailing receive only a 0 . 2 % ( 2 / 10 of 1 % ) response ( the response could be much better but lets just say it is only 0 . 2 % ) . also many people will send out hundreds of thousands e - mails instead of only 5 , 000 each ) . continuing with this example , you send out only 5 , 000 e - mails . with a 0 . 2 % response , that is only 10 orders for report # 1 . those 10 people responded by sending out 5 , 000 e - mail each for a total of 50 , 000 . out of those 50 , 000 e - mails only 0 . 2 % responded with orders . that ' s  100 people responded and ordered report # 2 . those 100 people mail out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 500 , 000 e - mails . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 1000 orders for report # 3 . those 1000 people send 5 , 000 e - mail each for a total of 5 million e - mail sent out . the 0 . 2 % response is 10 , 000 orders for report # 4 . those 10 , 000 people send out 5 , 000 e - mails each for a total of 50 , 000 , 000 ( 50 million ) e - mails . the 0 . 2 % response to that is 100 , 000 orders for report # 5 . that ' s 100 , 000 orders times $ 5 each  $ 500 , 000 . 00 ( half a million dollars ) . your total income in this example is : 1 . . . . . $ 50 + 2 . . . . . $ 500 + 3 . . . . . $ 5 , 000 + 4 . . . . . $ 50 , 000 + 5 . . . . $ 500 , 000 . . . . grand total  $ 555 , 550 . 00 remember , this is assuming only 10 people ordering out of 5 , 000 you mailed to . dare to think for a moment what would happen if everyone or half or even one 4 th of those people mailed 100 , 000 e - mails each or more ? the numbers don ' t lie . visit cbn at http : / / www . cashbynet . net / calculator / to plug in your own numbers and see the results . method # 2 : by placing free ads on the internet advertising on the net is extremely inexpensive and there are hundreds of free places to advertise . placing a lot of free ads on the internet will easily get a larger response than just emails alone . we strongly suggest you start with method # 1 and add method # 2 as you begin to become more knowledgeable about the business and study the 5 reports . remember to always provide same day service on all orders to ensure proper return on the back end - this means quicker profits for you . $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ your success guidelines $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ $ follow these guidelines to guarantee your success :    if you do not receive at least 10 orders for report # 1 within 2 weeks , continue sending e - mails until you do .    after you have received 10 orders , 2 to 3 weeks after that you should receive 100 orders or more for report # 2 . if you did not , continue advertising or sending e - mails until you do . * * once you have received 100 or more orders for report # 2 , you can relax , because the system is already working for you , and the cash will continue to roll in ! this is important to remember : every time your name is moved down on the list , you are placed in front of a different report . you can keep track of your progress by watching which report people are ordering from you . if you want to generate more income send another batch of e - mails and start the whole process again . there is no limit to the income you can generate from this business ! ! ! following is a note from the originator of cash by net : cash by net has become a very popular business for many sole proprietors . however , this program will only work if you are willing to put in the time and effort to make it work . this is not a program for everybody . if you are just a passer by , and don ' t have a personal vision of success , delete this now . life all comes down to a few opportunities - this is one of them . have the courage to be free , and have the drive to reach your goals . before you start working with us , take 10 minutes and write down your personal goals . what do you want in 5 years ? 1 year ? 6 months ? be realistic - set your goals high enough so you will work hard to reach them . remember : you are the owner of your own destiny , make these goals become reality - only you know what needs to be done . you now possess the ideas , information , materials , and opportunity to become financially independent and reach your highest dreams . i hope you come along for the ride , it ' s a wonderful world ahead . copyright cashbynet 2000 http : / / www . cashbynet . net the following message was sent to you as a valued webmillion member . if you wish to unsubscribe please click here :  
2	Subject: 2002 consolidated plan schedule here ' s the 2002 consolidated plan schedule . thanks , sarah brown 
2	Subject: ena analyst and associate " brownbag " presentations it is the intent of the office of the chairman to maintain a high quality flow of analysts and associates rotating through enron north america as well as provide them with up to date information on all the potential rotations in ena . additionally , we would like to provide the ena aa ' s a forum for your respective groups to promote your business unit as a viable alternative in the rotation process . i need your assistance for this endeavor and want your respective business unit to participate in the process by delivering an informal presentation to the aa group which should include the following : your business unit ' s current activities , purpose and interfaces with other departments recent successes and current projects ideas on the horizon opportunities in your business unit for aa ' s the benifits of rotation in your business unit an open q & a session these presentations should be informal and it is not necessary to have handouts . the goal is to provide an open forum for the aa ' s and to have them ask questions about each business unit . also , bringing one of your current aa ' s with you to provide their insight might help stimulate discussion . ted bland will be contacting you to schedule your business unit for a presentation . the first " brownbag " will take place september 8 between 12 : 00 pm and 1 : 00 pm in room 30 cl . dave 
2	Subject: increase the volume of your ejaculation . heya ! has your cum ever dribbled and you wish it had shot out ? have you ever wanted to impress your girl with a huge cumshot ? spur - m is the only site to offer an all natural male enhancement formula that is proven to increase your sperm volume by up to 500 % . our highly potent , volume enhancing formula will give our results in days and comes with an impressive 100 % guarantee . imagine the difference ( look and feel ) between dribbling your cum compared to shooting out burst after burst . try spur - m now ! and with our money back guarantee you have absolutely nothing to lose ! look here : http : / / drizzlier . com / cum / no thanks : http : / / drizzlier . com / rr . php  
2	Subject: re : help ! i ' ll get with brenda on february and brian will be getting me march . ken seaman should have be correct because i personally made him inactive on feb 15 th ( the final day of his last pay period . . . we couldn ' t do it his real last day because we had to allow that pay period to finish out so it would kick out a timesheet for him . ) the specialist may actually be ami because her title was incorrect for awhile ( but we ' ll look at it to make sure ) . i ' ll keep you posted . y - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by yvette g connevey / corp / enron on 03 / 21 / 2000 01 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - brian heinrich @ ect 03 / 21 / 2000 01 : 55 pm to : yvette g connevey / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : re : help ! yvette , starting with march , all labor distribution reports will come through me , and i will distribute them . brenda should have received all of the labor reports for the rc ' s that report to her for february . i say " should have " because they were supposed to be sent out by someone else . i will try get you a copy of the february reports and send them to you . hopefully in the future with me controlling the distribution , we will not have this problem . thanks , brian to : brian heinrich / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect subject : help ! brian , who do i talk to about getting daren farmer a labor distribution report . he needs to see what employees are hitting his rc . i know that we have discussed this prior and soem managers are receiving a monthly report but he is not . who can help us ? ? ? thank you ! yvette x 3 . 5953 
2	Subject: hpl meter # 986240 el campo / shanghai commonpoint daren : during the period of 9 / 1 / 99 to 9 / 30 / 99 , the above meter has recorded flow on the following days with no deals attached : days mmbtus 9 / 1 / 99 0 9 / 2 / 99 29 9 / 3 / 99 4 9 / 4 / 99 4 9 / 5 / 99 4 9 / 6 / 99 40 9 / 7 / 99 27 9 / 8 / 99 0 9 / 9 / 99 30 9 / 10 / 99 69 9 / 11 / 99 71 9 / 12 / 99 79 9 / 13 / 99 68 9 / 14 / 99 73 9 / 15 / 99 97 9 / 16 / 99 99 9 / 17 / 99 93 9 / 18 / 99 96 9 / 19 / 99 89 9 / 20 / 99 57 9 / 21 / 99 108 9 / 22 / 99 123 9 / 23 / 99 111 9 / 24 / 99 95 9 / 25 / 99 102 9 / 26 / 99 80 9 / 27 / 99 78 9 / 28 / 99 113 9 / 29 / 99 194 9 / 30 / 99 131 2 , 164 currently , these volumes are being booked under the hpl strangers gas contract . logistics needs either a deal to record these volumes which have flowed into hpl ' s pipeline or logistics needs approval to writeoff these volumes to unaccounted for gas . ( please print , sign , and return original to clem cernosek ) . there was no deal at this meter the previous month or the later month . deal / dealticket # / customer ( seller / buyer ) or approval to writeoff the volumes to unaccounted for gas loss thanks , clem 
2	Subject: wscc / wmic meeting report to all , attached to this message is a complete report on issues that are of concern to enron . below is a highlight version of the key issues contained in the report . ferc seam technical conference report by frank afranji - key message - western rtos , act now , act responsibly , if you don ' t ferc will do it for us and impose the pjm model oasis phase ii as reported by jerry dempsey - key message - western entities need to be more pro - active in attending and providing input to the nerc electronic scheduling collaborative otheriwse they run the risk of nerc imposing standards which are not applicable to western rto development . resource adequacy - aka - installed capacity markets . nerc is considering california as an example of how the " market " has failed to provide adequate generating resources to meet the needs of the region . there are discussions now taking place to consider development of " resource adequacy " standards . rto congestion management updates - when citing how dstar will align closly with rto west ' s physical flow - path congestion management paradigm , jerry smith of aps publically corrected mike raezer and stated that on " day - one " the dstar ptos are implementing contract path . west of hatway - rating decrease from 2800 to 2200 , reasons and remidies along with possible new ras requirements . path connectivity map - does this idea make sense ? what would you like to see added ? ( traders input requested ) if you have any questions , concerns or wish to be removed from the distribution list , please contact me . kind regards , dave 
2	Subject: commercial support for tokyo joe - i spoke w / fernley dyson , cao for ee and barry ' s current boss , and he ' s supportive of barry ' s transfer to our region to lead the accounting / commercial support efforts for your tokyo office . i also spoke with barry , and he ' s excited as well . i think it ' s a done deal . scott / michael - i told barry one of you would contact him tomorrow to discuss the next steps re : a more standard expat package ( not the 6 month situation - causey approved a more standard longer term expat arrangement ) , and plans to move his family to tokyo . the issue we need to work out is transition , and i asked barry to discuss that with you directly , joe , and i told fernley we ' d obviously be flexible but we ' d like him sooner rather than later . barry indicated the guy that fernley just hired that barry was going to be reporting to is going to start towards the end of april . so i bet they ' re going to want some overlap there , which puts us into end of may before barry could really move . i think we should be able to accomodate this somewhat longer transition period with heidi ' s help and with carol from houston if necessary , plus i told barry we ' d want him to make at least a couple of trips over to tokyo in the interim so he can start getting involved even before he moves over there . but it will be important for us to understand what specifically you want accounting to accomplish by the end of may so heidi and carol can plan how to support those efforts while not infringing on heidi ' s responsibilities and demands in sydney . meanwhile , i ' ve asked hr to contact eugenio perez , sally ' s designee for the temporary risk position , to begin those discussions , and sally said she could address transition issues for him next week - she ' ll be in london ( scott / michael - you should probably give her a call in the london office their monday afternoon ) . perhaps we can get eugenio over to tokyo earlier than barry . regards , cassandra . 
2	Subject: dear increase youur spurrm volumme & orgszam dur , ation main beneffits - > - the longest most intense orgaasms of your life - eerctions like steeel - enhancced libido / desire - stronger ejakulation - multple orgasms - up to 4 oo % more volume ( cover her fully ) - new surveys show it tastes sweeter ! discreet same day shlpplng - try lt , you ' ll love it ! ! ( and so ' ll she ! ) no morepls  
2	Subject: hpl nom for may 12 - 14 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 512 . xls ) - hplno 512 . xls 
2	Subject: i / b link capacity for november and december 2001 michelle , per our earlier conversation , burlington resources agrees to purchase 20 , 000 of ignacio / blanco space for the month of november at $ . 05 . we also agree to purchase 10 , 000 of ignacio / blanco capacity for december at $ . 05 . we will purchase this capacity using eol . thank you . julie reames 
2	Subject: stratospheric levels - - cera monthly briefing - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lorna brennan / et & s / enron on 12 / 18 / 2000 10 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " webmaster @ cera . com " < webmaster on 12 / 15 / 2000 06 : 15 : 19 pm to : cc : subject : stratospheric levels - - cera monthly briefing title : into the stratosphere url : yprpt , 00 . html high demand , perilously low storage inventories , and a supply response that is only beginning have driven gas prices in north america to stratospheric levels . the physical shortfall is now real enough , and prices have risen well above previous record highs to levels that should drive any demand that can realistically do so to leave the market . gas is now pricing near the level of distillate for the first time ever , providing strong economic incentives to push to maximum levels of fuel switching . ? e - mail category : monthly briefing cera knowledge area ( s ) : north american natural gas follow url above for full report ? to make changes to your cera . com account go to : forgot your username and password ? go to : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying , distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments , in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited . terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com copyright 2000 . cambridge energy research associates 
2	Subject: re : are we insured for the $ 1 . 1 mm new albany ? we have a $ 1 mm deductible . we also have bi that will kick - in after 30 days ( won ' t help much ) . stuart spoke to jody and wes , and they are looking for the right home for the charge . but to answer your question , yes , it will hit income ( the joys of owning and running an asset ) ! kevin has basically told the hourly desk , no more running . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 8 : 22 am to : miller , don ( asset mktg ) subject : are we insured for the $ 1 . 1 mm new albany ? or will this hit income ? louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: purchase of license for software hello all ! please order visual studio ( visual basics and c + + ) for chonawee supatgiat a new manager with the research group . the information you will need to order this package is as follows : co . # : 0011 rc # : 100038 head of research department : vince kaminski name : chonawee supatgiat title : manager location : eb 1942 phone : 5 - 8756 if you need anything else , please let me know . thanks and have a great day ! shirley 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: generic pharmacy 8 dear reader , all of our products are exact generic equivalants of the well known brand name drugs , just like the ibuprofen you buy at the grocery store is the generic version of advil . our generic pharmaceuticals are made in a state - of - the - art laboratory using the exact same top - grade ingredients as the name brands . being generic , our products are less expensive than the brand name equivalants . the reason that you can buy our products for less is that we dont pay for branding , marketing , advertising , or a costly sales force . we pass along those cost savings directly to you . we appreciate your business . sincerely , felipe  
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . loqodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerfui marketing tools wiii bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonq the competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
2	Subject: 1 / 00 allocations attached is the allocation for 1 / 00 for texas operations . let me know if you have any questions . 
2	Subject: re : path manager rewrite / optimization project since lisa used fuchsia , i ' ll use lavender . . on # 1 i would eliminate that processing . in addition , can we delete / hide / not access old paths that haven ' t been used in gas production in lets say a year or so . would this help performance ? this would also force the schedulers to path / think about the way they are pathing their transactions and not rely on old paths that may no longer be accurate ! ! we ' ve seen old bad , zero paths be re - used accidentally . on # 2 , the scheduling position window is the weakest link . . . . . goodbye ! on # 3 , contract reference i know is used alot in the supply and market list . nomlogic is also slated to use these contract reference fields for comments . do we need it in the inventory list ? probably not as much as the supply and market list but i still believe it ' s necessary for pools and imbalance accounts . on # 4 , we use this functionality alot on cgas , tenn , trco and sab . . . when we path one to many or many to one in " chunks , " it does seem to go faster than one path at a time . on # 5 , brokered paths could really just be slammed in there . no need for the extra processing that occurs for service contracts . thanks - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sullivan , patti sent : friday , october 12 , 2001 9 : 50 am to : pena , matt cc : warner , john ; ripley , brian ; d ' souza , romeo ; rao , ramesh ; lamadrid , victor ; sullivan , mary ; staab , theresa ; farmer , daren j . ; jaquet , tammy ; superty , robert ; bussell l , kathryn ; kinsey , lisa ; heal , kevin ; pinion , richard subject : re : path manager rewrite / optimization project i also agree with richard and lisa . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : heal , kevin sent : friday , october 12 , 2001 9 : 28 am to : kinsey , lisa ; pinion , richard ; pena , matt cc : warner , john ; ripley , brian ; d ' souza , romeo ; rao , ramesh ; lamadrid , victor ; sullivan , mary ; sullivan , patti ; staab , theresa ; farmer , daren j . ; jaquet , tammy ; superty , robert ; bussell l , kathryn subject : re : path manager rewrite / optimization project i agree with richard and lisa . especially important is to keep # 4 . we do a lot of many to one and one to many pathing , especially on nova . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kinsey , lisa sent : wednesday , october 10 , 2001 3 : 56 pm to : pinion , richard ; pena , matt cc : warner , john ; ripley , brian ; d ' souza , romeo ; rao , ramesh ; lamadrid , victor ; sullivan , mary ; sullivan , patti ; heal , kevin ; staab , theresa ; farmer , daren j . ; jaquet , tammy ; superty , robert ; bussell l , kathryn subject : re : path manager rewrite / optimization project my comments are in fuschia . lisa - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pinion , richard sent : wednesday , october 10 , 2001 2 : 35 pm to : pena , matt cc : warner , john ; ripley , brian ; d ' souza , romeo ; rao , ramesh ; kinsey , lisa ; lamadrid , victor ; sullivan , mary ; sullivan , patti ; heal , kevin ; staab , theresa ; farmer , daren j . ; jaquet , tammy ; superty , robert ; bussell l , kathryn subject : re : path manager rewrite / optimization project following are my comments . the managers cc ' d might have some additional thoughts . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : pena , matt sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 4 : 26 pm to : pinion , richard ; jaquet , tammy ; superty , robert ; pena , matt cc : warner , john ; ripley , brian ; d ' souza , romeo ; rao , ramesh subject : path manager rewrite / optimization project importance : high all : we ' re currently identifying processes that are inefficient and could possibly benefit from being rewritten or not even performed . going foward , i would like bob to appoint a lead business person to whom we could ask questions and or suggest ideas to so that they could in turn validate this information with the desk managers / schedulers . we had this approach with nomlogic and having clarissa work the issues worked quite nicely . who ever you choose , we would need about 15 % of their time for now . later on , with coordination efforts and testing , it may go up to 75 % . i don ' t see that happening for a while though . the sooner we get someone to devote to this , the better off we will be . i expect these changes that we ' ll be looking into should improve performance quite a bit . that being said , we ' ve identified three items that would speed up processing the retrieval of path manager . 1 ) currently , the path manager attempts to reuse path ids . i can ' t think of any reason why we need to perform this extra step ? it runs through this processing on the application and generally doesn ' t find a match . i know patti has mentioned this several times and i can ' t think of a valid reason for performing this work . i talked with dave nommensen , and according to him , what used to happen is that sometimes schedulers would get duplicate paths out there which is why they put this code in place ? ? ? from a scheduling perspective , my understanding of what your main concern is to just maintain your position and be able to change it . if you were overpathed , you ' d see it in the path manager either way . [ pinion , richard ] to restate the question for clarity , in path manager a scheduler pulls down a supply , market and a service , adds any up / downstream contract information and / or duns or drn override and then saves it . unify looks for an old path with those exact variables and if it finds it re - uses it and if it does not find an exact match creates a new path and path id . i had been told that to do away with this function would create an unacceptably high amount of paths since any path once nominated on could not be deleted . has this changed ? ? ? at one time there were some schedulers that looked for the same path / activity number match for nominations . texas eastern was the only pipeline that needed the old activity numbers no matter how long it had been since they were used . i spoke with chris ordway and the new link system no longer needs this to occur . transco uses activity numbers but uses the activity number cross reference table to that function and therefore should not be affected . therefore , if it does not create a space or memory problem for unify , i don ' t think that this constant old path look up is needed . [ kinsey , lisa ] get rid of this . 2 ) the scheduling position window : does anyone use this ? if not , we ' ll remove the code logic that populates this window . i have never seen a scheduler use this . please verify . [ pinion , richard ] originally such a window was in use by everyone in the legacy system " autonoms " so it was duplicated in unify by request . it is not used in unify now because of the other sophisticated tools unify provides which obviate it ' s use . the only value would be notification of bridge errors or contract imbalances but there are other ways to determine those problems . as voted on in a previous meeting of the managers - lose it ! [ kinsey , lisa ] why is this still here ? 3 ) on the inventory pool list , does anyone need to see the contarct references list ? again , this code is called every retrieval time and doesn ' t appear to be used from my observations . if they do need this information , we could provide it , but if not , i ' d prefer to remove the functionality . [ pinion , richard ] this function is still very much in use by those with point based pipelines that must use the imbalance pool to facilitate balancing nomination volumes where multiple pipeline external pools exist and are pathed through the same contract imbalance pool . keep it ! [ kinsey , lisa ] yes . we use this functionality a lot when pathing pools . 4 ) when pathing a one to many or many to one set of paths , what ' s the average number of paths they create at one time ? what about updates ? i know that anr and nigas are big users of this feature since they have small packages of gas that they are limited in size to . does the system seem faster when you update one record at a time or chunks of records ? my real question is how often they do this and for what number of paths on both updates and inserts . by update , i mean , going to the path list and changing an upstream / downstream contract or a psna which in turn forces a new path to be created . [ pinion , richard ] this one to many or many to one pathing goes on every day on every pipeline . there is no ' average ' . they typically update a path with up / downstream meters or duns or dnb numbers one at a time however . i hope this answers your question . i see no change to this process at this time [ kinsey , lisa ] on some pipes this function is used more than others . when it is used we try and do as many paths as possible . at this time i do not see a need to change this process . 5 ) on brokered paths , do you want to utilize the same logic we have for service ? in other words , when updating brokered arrangements , we don ' t incorporate the same logic for zeroing out the path and recreating a new arrangment link and hence sending it to be renominated ? why do we do this for service ? is it because we have to renominate it ? i assume that ' s what it ' s for since we don ' t send brokered paths to the pipe . anyway , with the nomlogic implmentation ( two way interface ) , we were planning on having it behave the same way as service . we need this verified . [ pinion , richard ] we don ' t perform the same logic for brokered paths because these are not nominated to the pipeline and hence do not need a zero path to be resent to the pipeline when a significant change is made to the already nominated path . i don ' t see a need to change the way brokered paths are behaving at this time . [ kinsey , lisa ] agree with richard . 
2	Subject: here ' s a fast way to stop smoking  
2	Subject: gallus crouch , { get your university diploma do you want a prosperous future , increased earning power more money and the respect of all ? ca ll thi s num be r : 1 - 413 - 702 - 5871 ( 24 h ours ) ? there are no required tests , classes , books , or interviews ! ( get a bachelors , masters , mba , and doctorate ( phd ) diploma ! / receive the benefits and admiration that comes with a diploma ! % no one is turned down ! ? c al l t o d a y 1 - 413 - 702 - 5871 ( 7 day s a w ee k ) confidentiality assured ! afresh , inertia , armco , babysat , salacious .  
2	Subject: web market sayn kamu kurum ve kurulular , zel sektr ve belediye yetkilileri ; teknik olarak ispatlanm maksimum kaliteye sahip , trafk yol personel asker  ve  gvenlk ve koruyucu ekpmanlari  ve  kiyafetlernden oluan yaklak 4 . 500 eitlik rn yelpazesine minimum maliyetlerle ulaabileceiniz , aradnz her eyi bulabileceiniz sektrn lk ve tek web market ' ni ltfen not ediniz . sayglarmzla . cemre lojstk gvenlk ltd . t . http : / / www . cemrelojistik . com . tr it ' s your life partner 
2	Subject: need software ? click here . dear paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr dont think this message is just a spam ! we offer you great on - line store with oem software ! here you can buy microsoft , macromedia , adobe , quark etc . licensed software and save up to 90 % ! ! ! worldwide shipping , credit card accepted ! we try to do our best with our service ! thank you paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr good luck !  
2	Subject: fwd : need pills vali + u + m $ xia | nax $ vlagr @  % rnd _ med _ v + 1 codin ) pntermi . n . ~ soim | a u 5 cea we supply high quality medications by mail order at very competitive prices and provide a professional , convenient and affordable means of purchasing your prescription medicines online what ' s available : ? v + a + lium $ xan @ x . som @ \ p . n . termin ~ v | @ gra ) at . | v @ n plus : proz @ . c , p @ x ` il , busp : @ r , adip : 3 x , ionam | ` n , m 3 . ridia , x 3 nic . a | , amb . i 3 n , son ` ata , fl 3 xer ` il , ce | 3 br ` ex , fioric : 3 t , tram @ ` do | , uitr @ : m , l 3 v : | tra , prop ' 3 cia , acyc | ` 0 vir we deliver to you very fast - and that is a promise . enjoy deep discount meds here .  
2	Subject: valium delivered to your home enter here to see our selection thanks , but no .  
2	Subject: the government grants you $ 25 , 000 ! free personal and business grants " qualify for at least $ 25 , 000 in free grants money - guaranteed ! " each day over one million dollars in free government grants is given away to people just like you for a wide variety of business and personal needs dear grant seeker , in a moment , i ' ll tell you exactly how where to get grants . this money has to be given away , why not to you ? you may be thinking , " how can i get some of this free grants money " maybe you think it ' s impossible to get free money ? let me tell you it ' s not impossible ! it ' s a fact , ordinary people and businesses all across the united states are receiving millions of dollars from these government and private foundation ' s everyday . who can apply ? anyone can apply for a grant from 18 years old and up ! grants from $ 500 . 00 to $ 50 , 000 . 00 are possible ! grants don ' t have to be paid back , ever ! claim your slice of the free american pie . this money is not a loan , trying to get money through a conventional bank can be very time consuming and requires a lot of paperwork , only to find out that you ' ve been denied . these government agencies don ' t have to operate under the same stringent requirements that banks do . you decide how much money you need , as long as it ' s a lawful amount and meets with the government agencies criteria , the money is yours to keep and never has to be repaid . this money is non taxable interest free . none of these programs require a credit check , collateral , security deposits or co - signers , you can apply even if you have a bankruptcy or bad credit , it doesn ' t matter , you as a tax payer and u . s . citizen are entitled to this money . there are currently over 1 , 400 federal programs , 24 , 000 state programs , 30 , 000 private foundations and 20 , 000 scholarship programs available . this year over $ 30 billion dollars in free personal and business government grants money will be given away by government grants agencies . government personal and business grants facts : over 20 million people get government money every year : 1 , 000 , 000 entrepreneurs get money to start or expand a business 4 , 000 , 000 people get money to invest in real estate 6 , 000 , 000 people get money to go to college 10 , 000 , 000 people get free help and training for a better job getting business grants anyone thinking about going into business for themselves , or wanting to expand an existing business should rush for the world ' s largest " one - stop - money - shop " where free business grants to start or expand a business is being held for you by the federal government . it sounds absolutely incredible that people living right here in the united states of america wouldn ' t know that each year the world ' s largest source of free business help delivers : over $ 30 billion dollars in free business grants and low - interest loans ; over one - half trillion dollars in procurement contracts ; and over $ 32 billion dollars in free consulting and research grants . with an economy that remains unpredictable , and a need for even greater economic development on all fronts , the federal government is more willing than it ever has been before to give you the money you need to own your own business and become your own boss ! in spite of the perception that people should not look to the government for help , the great government give - away programs have remained so incredibly huge that if each of the approximately 8 million businesses applied for an equal share , they would each receive over $ 70 , 000 . most people never apply for free business grants because they somehow feel it isn ' t for them , feel there ' s too much red - tape , or simply don ' t know who to contact . the fact is , however , that people from all walks of life do receive free grants money and other benefits from the government , and you should also . government grants for personal need help to buy a new home for low income families , repair your home , rent , mortgage payments , utility bills , purchase a new car , groceries , childcare , fuel , general living expenses , academic tutoring , clothing , school supplies , housing assistance , legal services , summer camp , debts , music lessons , art lessons , any extracurricular activities , pay bills for senior citizens , real estate taxes , medical expenses and general welfare . if you or someone you know suffered a fire lose there are programs available to help in replacing necessities . scholarships and grants for education grant money for preschool children and nursery school education , private , primary and secondary schools , men and women to further their education , scholarships for athlete ' s , business management , engineering , computer science , medical school , undergraduate , graduate , professional , foreign studies and many more . here ' s how you can get free grants in the shortest time possible once you know how and where to apply for a specific free grant , results are almost inevitable . the government wants to give away this money . . . it is under congressional mandate to do so ! these funds are made available to help you , the tax payer . all that ' s required from you is the proper presentation of your grant request . that ' s all . announcing . . . " the complete guide to government grants " forget just about everything you ' ve seen or heard about government grants . what i ' ve done is put together a complete blueprint for researching , locating and obtaining government grants . " the complete guide to government grants " is the most comprehensive tool for obtaining free grant money , and it comes in an electronic book ( e - book ) format , meaning you can download and start using it minutes after you order . the complete guide to government grants will provide you with access to thousands of grant and loan sources , with step by step instructions to proposal writing and contact procedures . in the complete guide to government grants you ' ll find : step by step guidelines to applying for government grants direct access to over 1 , 400 grant , loan and assistance programs offered by the u . s . federal government . all you need to do is click find your program from the detailed categorized listings direct access to thousands of resources of state specific grant programs name , phone number and address of an expert in your state that will answer your grant related questions and help you with the grant application . . . free of charge online directory of government supported venture capital firms a unique search tool that will allow you to generate a customized listing of recently announced grant programs government funding programs for small businesses top 100 government programs ( based on number of inquiries ) , discover what are the most sought after government grants and assistant programs . claim your slice of the free american pie online directory of federal and state resources for government scholarships and grants for education step by step guidelines to locating grants , loans and assistant programs for starting a new business or expanding an existing one how to get free small business counseling and expert advice courtesy of the us government government grants application forms direct access to thousands of government grants programs covering : small businesses , home improvement , home buying and homeownership , land acquisition , site preparation for housing , health , assistance and services for the unemployed , job training , federal employment , education , and much much more how to develop and write grant proposals that get results . . . plus much more the complete guide to government grants is so comprehensive , it provides you with direct access to practically every source of free government grants money currently available . if you ' re an american citizen or resident , you are entitled to free grant money ranging from $ 500 to $ 250 , 000 or more . if you are black you have already qualified for 15 programs , being hispanic , you qualify for many programs . being a christian will get you into 20 programs , there are also many other programs available for different faiths , jewish , catholic . not having any money , will get you into over 30 programs , 550 programs if you are unemployed , or underemployed . the list and sources are endless . you are eligible ! this money is absolutely free and will be yours to use for any worthwhile purpose . did you know you can apply for as many grants as you want ? it ' s true , for instance , you could get a $ 65 , 000 grant to begin a weight loss business , get $ 8 , 800 in tuition to become a nurse or $ 35 , 000 to open up the day - care center , you ' ve always dreamed of owning . and then , go out and apply for a grant to buy a home for you and your family . and once your new business starts doing well you could go out and get another grant for expansion of your business . the possibilities are endless . you must qualify for at least $ 25 , 000 in free grants money , or your money back ! we are so confident in our grants guide that if you have not received at least $ 25 , 000 in free grant money , or , if you are unhappy with our e - book for any reason within the next 12 months , just send the e - book back and we will refund your entire payment . no questions asked ! ! if you want to order , we insist you do so entirely at our risk . that is why the e - book comes with a . . . no risk full year money - back guarantee . there is absolutely no risk on your part with this 365 day guarantee . what we mean is we want you to order without feeling you might " get taken . " therefore , we want you to order this material today . . . read it , use it . . . and if for any reason you aren ' t completely satisfied , you not only can cancel , you should , for an immediate refund of your purchase price . you simply can ' t lose . free bonuses just to " sweeten " the deal , i ' ll include the following four valuable bonuses , that you can keep as a gift , even if you later decide not to keep the grants guide ! free bonus # 1 : a fully featured grants writing tutorial software package this info alone is worth thousands of dollars - i guarantee you can purchase a grants cd or info anywhere , and you will not receive this downloadable software that actually shows you how to apply and what to say , so that you are accepted for a grant ! ! ! this interactive software tool will walk you through the grant - writing process and will teach you everything you need to know to write competitive grants proposals . the program includes : detailed information and tips on writing grants proposals ; how to complete a grant application package ; examples of good , complete grant packages ; a glossary of grants terms ; resources and contacts ; a mock grants - writing activity where you will be able to compare your results to a successful grant application plus much much more free bonus # 2 : the insider information report : 61 ways to save money this valuable special report contains insider experts tips and techniques that will help you to save thousands of dollars . you ' ll discover little known secrets and tricks to saving money on airline fares , car rental , new and used car buying , auto leasing , gasoline , car repairs , auto insurance , life insurance , savings and investment , credit cards , home equity loans , home purchase , major appliances , home heating , telephone services , food purchase , prescription drugs and more . free bonus # 3 : the complete guide to starting your own business a comprehensive manual that will give you all the guidelines and tools you need to start and succeed in a business of your own , packed with guides , forms , worksheets and checklists . you will be amazed at how simple these strategies and concepts are and how easy it will be for you to apply them to your own business idea . hundreds were sold separately at $ 40 each . . . you get it here for free . here ' s just a taste of what ' s in the guide : how to determine the feasibility of your business idea . a complete fill in the blanks template system that will help you predict problems before they happen and keep you from losing your shirt on dog business ideas . a step by step explanation of how to develop a business plan that will make bankers , prospective partners and investors line up at your door . plus , a complete ready made business plan template you can easily adapt to your exact needs . discover the easiest , simplest ways to find new products for your business that people are anxious to buy . how to make money with your new idea or invention . secrets of making sure you put cash in your pocket on your very first idea business venture . complete , step by step instructions on how to plan and start a new business . this is must - know must - do information ; ignore it and you stand a good chance to fail . you get specifically designed instructions for each of the following : a service business , a retail store , a home based business , a manufacturing company , and more . what nobody ever told you about raising venture capital money . insider secrets of attracting investors , how to best construct your proposal , common mistakes and traps to avoid , and much more . checklist for entering into a partnership . keeps you from costly mistakes when forming a partnership . how to select a franchise business . a step by step guide to selecting a franchise that is best for you . a complete step - by - step organized program for cutting costs in your business . clients of mine have achieved an average of 28 % to 35 % cost reduction with this technique , and you can too . keep the money in your pocket with this one ! what are the secrets behind constructing a results driven marketing plan ? i will lead you step by step into developing a marketing plan that will drive your sales through the roof . a complete step by step guide guaranteed to help you increase your profits by up to 64 % , i call it " the profit planning guide " . this is a simple , practical , common sense strategy , but amazingly enough , almost no one understands or uses it . free bonus # 4 : guide to home business success this is afast , no - frills guide to starting and succeeding in a home based business . here ' s just a taste of what ' s in the guide : home business : is it for you ? what are the secrets behind the people who have million dollar home based businesses ? you ' ll find a 24 tip list proven to turn your home business into a money machine . laws and regulations you must be aware of to avoid legal errors . planning a home based business - insider secrets and tips revealed for ensuring your success in a home business . fundamentals of home business financial planning . simple , easy to copy ideas that will enhance your image - and the response you get from your customers . common problems in starting and managing a home based business - and how to solve them once and for all . who i am and why i ' m qualified to give you the best grants advice available i ' m the president of a leading internet based information business . i ' m also the creator of " the managing a small business cd - rom " and the author of five books . i ' ve been involved in obtaining grants and in small business for the past 23 years of my life , as a business coach , a manager of a consulting firm , a seminar leader and as the owner of five successful businesses . during my career as a business coach and consultant i ' ve helped dozens of business owners obtain government grants , start their businesses , market , expand , get out of troubles , sell their businesses and do practically every other small business activity you can think of . the guide presented here contains every tip , trick , technique and strategy i ' ve learned during my 23 year career . you practically get my whole brain in a form of an e - book . how the grants guide is priced ? the complete guide to government grants is normally priced at $ 50 , but . . . . . . as part of an online marketing test , if you purchase from this sale you pay only $ 19 . 99 ( that ' s 75 % off . . . plus , you still get the free valuable bonuses . ) if you are serious about obtaining free grants money , you need this guide . don ' t delay a moment longer . order now ! ! ! p . s . the complete guide to government grants will make a huge difference . you risk nothing . the guide is not the original price of $ 50 , but only $ 19 . 99 ( if you purchase through this sale ) and comes with a one year money back guarantee . and you get four valuable free bonuses which you may keep regardless . don ' t delay a moment longer , order now ! ! ! ! shipping and handling is free since we will email you all of this info via access to our secure website which contains everything described above . order now ! ! ! if above link doesn ' t work , click here 5945 cocw 8 - 467 cucn 8670 ndsz 7 - l 25 - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: prescriptions overnighted to your doorstep . . vallum etc . . gory sacve 6 lo % ordrering onlvine tokday ! vijsit our site and sahve big abscissa malton future absolution toolsmith quick shylock ethic blazon corpora posteriori livery cobol mn amadeus courier shanty splotch oaken reversal tarry apace clarity moresby slag burgher anaconda ptarmigan dessicate canteen councilman pion ny 7 downward eileen waterman indemnify exhibitor jugging promise dagger slav pout chat dryden greenland braggart jacm alkaloid unruly egalitarian yzh 8 bergamotperfuse rm  
2	Subject: moze cie to zainteresuje vince , dawno ze soba nie rozmawialismy . mam nadzieje ze u ciebie wszystko o . k . nie wiem czy znana jest ci postac prof . aleksandra werona - zajmuje sie on zastosowaniem metod matematycznych w inzynierii finansowej . ostatnio natomiast skupil sie na rynku energii . wraz z synem rafalem wydal ksiazke " gielda energii - strategie zarzadzania ryzykiem " . zawarte sa w niej podstawy zarzadzania ryzykiem . na jego stronie internetowej http : / / www . im . pwr . wroc . pl / ~ hugo / fe . html mozesz znalezc cos wiecej na temat tego czym sie zajmuje . to co moze cie zainteresowac to moze byc strona http : / / www . im . pwr . wroc . pl / ~ hugo / rockets . html . ciekaw jestem co o tym sadzisz . spotkalem sie z weronem kilkakrotnie na roznych seminariach . zorganizowalem mu tez zobaczenie naszego trading floor podczas jednej z jego wizyt w londynie . pozdowienia jarek 
2	Subject: re : garp credit derivatives discussion group vince first meeting will be dec 11 or 12 at west deutche landesbank , ny . look for phone - in details next week . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] sent : friday , december 01 , 2000 10 : 24 am to : garpnyl @ home . com cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com subject : re : garp credit derivatives discussion group philip , thanks for keeping me in mind . yes , i would be interested . vince " philip merrill " on 11 / 30 / 2000 04 : 47 : 20 pm please respond to to : cc : subject : garp credit derivatives discussion group vince we are starting a credit derivatives discussion group in new york . is this something you would be interested in ? like fas 133 an 800 - call - in number will be provided for houston participants . our first meeting will be in a week or so . regards , philip merrill garp regional director , new york 973 - 258 - 1540 
2	Subject: here to help with your mortgage ! ! ! ( colorado lender ) true true 3 ( ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ( ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` ` 1 6515100 8935620 click to visit my mortgage site ! ! ! i am your local mortgage guy ! ! ! i have great rates and products to help you ! ! ! http : / / www . . com click to enter my mortgage payment sweepstakes click for car loans , credit cards , mortgages , home equity lines i am here to help even if you just have questions ! ! ! i also deal with bad credit , foreclosure and bankruptcy ! ! ! let me know what i can do for you ! ! hi , i am tom at magnum ! ! ! i am a mortgage specialist and i want your business ! ! ! let me know if i can help you ! ! ! this is an automated e - mail do not repy the magnum companies , inc . mortgage division your lender for life 13175 pinery drive colorado springs , co 80908 ( 719 ) 494 - 8280 this is an advertisement . i am sorry if this e - mail made you mad ! ! to be removed from future e - mails click here :  
2	Subject: intraday eastrans nominations change for 9 / 6 / 00 and nomination for 9 / 7 / 00 please pass the following information to meagan parker . her pricing isn ' t matching . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marta k henderson / houston / pefs / pec on 01 / 10 / 2001 10 : 41 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marta k henderson 09 / 06 / 2000 03 : 39 pm to : dfarmer @ enron . com , john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec cc : john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna j dobb / houston / pefs / pec @ pec , sharon beemer / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec subject : intraday eastrans nominations change for 9 / 6 / 00 and nomination for 9 / 7 / 00 as follow - up documentation for the intraday sale on 9 / 6 / 00 , the following states the pricing for the redeliveries : 8500 mmbtu from fuels cotton valley priced per paragraph la of the contract price ( per mmbtu ) section in the transaction agreement . 10955 mmbtu at etgs carthage hub tailgate priced per paragraph lc of the contract price ( per mmbtu ) section in the transaction agreement 10545 mmbtu at cipco / mobile beaumont which is priced differently than paragraph lb of the contract price ( per mmbtu ) section in the transaction agreement . the price for 10545 mmbtu for 9 / 6 / 00 will be hsc daily plus $ . 04 / mmbtu . please confirm the above by replying to this e - mail message . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by marta k henderson / houston / pefs / pec on 09 / 06 / 2000 01 : 07 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - marta k henderson 09 / 06 / 2000 09 : 58 am to : darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia a . urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , dora j . levy / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , briley @ enron . com , dfarmer @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , sharon beemer / ftworth / pefs / pec @ pec , connie wester / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec cc : subject : intraday eastrans nominations change for 9 / 6 / 00 and nomination for 9 / 7 / 00 deliveries continue to be 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy the redeliveries will be : 8500 from fuels cotton valley 10955 to hpl ' s cartwheel agreement at carthage 10545 at mobil beaumont effective for 9 / 7 / 00 , deliveries to eastrans continue to be 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy the redeliveries will be : 8500 from fuels cotton valley 21500 to hpl ' s cartwheel agreement at carthage 
2	Subject: great things are always available . cialis cialis is regarded as a super - viagr @ or weekend - vi @ gra because its effects start sooner and last much longer . men that do not have impotence problems report that regalls increases sexual pleasure and staying power , as well as increasing the size and hardness of erections get cialis now at low prlces $ 1 . 90 per dose . unbeleivable nebraska subsidiary fraud tremendous din ida prismatic salaried executrix sanhedrin venice clip astraddle pitch collet bitumen fracture california excruciate knobby discretion carolyn marquee hydrometer pantomime benchmark burton covariant hailstone quadrillion sight abide lioness midscale muon balled circlet aristocracy salad none contextual camber dominic mixup sensate asexual arequipa choice tradesmen transept soma abalone alvarez assailant go here to stop this .  
2	Subject: re : be hard for you . christmas time is around the corner and we are offering the program of the year . we will r e f inance your current m o rtgage at 3 % and get you c a sh for holidays in just 3 days . you will s a ve money on your payment and get cash that you can spend on your family . buy your kids gifts or get your wife or your husband some thing nice this year . bskprwzl but hurry this offer only lasts until new year . happy holidays ellis j . greene  
2	Subject: re : ok . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , december 17 , 2001 9 : 47 am to : oxley , david subject : re : sorry its all prepetition . i already claimed the flights , now i will not be using them as i can not go home . i am using the money to pay for my parents ' s flights although not all of the money will be used . the rest of the money i intend to offset against expense checks which bounced . should there be an imbalance - i will sort this out with enron once payments have been completed on expense checks . ok ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oxley , david sent : monday , december 17 , 2001 8 : 40 am to : kitchen , louise subject : re : ordinarily fine , however ; this was a pre - petition commitment by enron and is not necessarily now a commitment of the estate presuming we get purchased , things should return to normal presuming the buyer honors all these commitment ( that ' s how we have set it up ) . david - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , december 17 , 2001 8 : 09 am to : oxley , david subject : as you know i have business flights home each year under my contract . as i will be unable to travel to the uk due to the requirement to be in houston over the holidays i intend to use them for my parents , borther and sister - in - law . any difference in the cost i intend to cover or offset against the cheques from expenses which bounced until we can figure out whether enron intends to meet expense payments . 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei desiqner 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe goiive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere elements $ 125 corel painter lx $ 80 adobe iilustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincerely , katlyn  
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactly when you want . cialls has a iot of advantages over viagra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with alcohol ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: feedback error for meter 985892 danny - - it looks like deal 133196 ( purchase from duke ) at meter 5892 south katy gas unit # 2 needs to be renegotiated . the deal expired 8 / 31 / 00 , and they are allocating the gas to us for september . let me know as soon as you can so we can make sure the gas is allocated correctly for september , and so it can set it up for october if need be . thanks , mark x 33396 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark mccoy / corp / enron on 10 / 18 / 2000 08 : 29 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mark mccoy 10 / 18 / 2000 08 : 30 am to : sherlyn schumack / hou / ect @ ect , fred boas / hou / ect @ ect , karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron cc : pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect subject : feedback error for meter 985892 i spoke with daren farmer re : deal 133196 that expired 8 / 31 / 00 at meter 985892 , and he said the deal needs to be renegotiated in order for us to agree to buy that gas that is being allocated to us ( volume of 4 , 098 mmbtu for sept on gathering contract ) . unfortunately , danny conner handles this deal and he is out this week . daren said to wait until he gets back next week before we do anything with it . thanks , mark x 33396 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark mccoy / corp / enron on 10 / 18 / 2000 08 : 16 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sherlyn schumack @ ect 10 / 17 / 2000 08 : 18 am to : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , fred boas / hou / ect @ ect , katherine benedict / hou / ect @ ect , anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , tom acton / corp / enron @ enron , pat clynes / corp / enron @ enron , bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , karen lindley / corp / enron @ enron , aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect , carlos j rodriguez / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , mary poorman / na / enron @ enron , susan hadix / na / enron @ enron , mark mccoy / corp / enron @ enron , eddie janzen / na / enron @ enron , jackie young / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : feedback errors these are deals that were on the monitor as of 10 / 16 / 00 
2	Subject: ipps in ercot jim , can we meet on friday to discuss this topic . the person who supports power , grant masson , will be out for the next two days . vince 
2	Subject: march nominations at shell deer park fyi - shell meters for march 2001 . al - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by aimee lannou / hou / ect on 02 / 23 / 2001 09 : 47 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mary poorman @ enron 02 / 22 / 2001 10 : 12 am to : aimee lannou / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : march nominations at shell deer park - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary poorman / na / enron on 02 / 22 / 2001 10 : 12 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " shankster jl ( luther ) " on 02 / 22 / 2001 10 : 07 : 34 am to : " ' lamphier , gary ' " cc : " carter , john " , " ricks , ruth " , kyle . r . lilly @ enron . com , mary . poorman @ enron . com subject : march nominations at shell deer park gary , march 2001 nominations for gas delivery to shell deer park are as follows : firm baseload - 75 , 000 mmbtu / d spot swing supply - 0 ( zero ) delivery of the above contract quantities is expected to be as follows : hpl - hp hpl - e hpl - s firm 15 , 000 mmbtu / d 25 , 000 mmbtu / d 35 , 000 mmbtu / d turnaround activity started in january is expected to be completed in the second half of march . please let me know if you have any questions j . luther shankster energy & utilities planning > phone : 713 / 277 - 9307 > fax : 713 / 277 - 9941 > e - mail : jlshankster @ equiva . com > home page : http : / / rsweb > 
2	Subject: real vallum , xnax , darvon , levltra . . soma . . buspar customer swamps living with 113 email loading . . . ) buy your m - e - d - i - c - i - n - e here . lifeblood cog translucent lacewing foxhole freedmen uniaxial suicide teller heterodyne dovetail mailmen curd vertex crossbill genuine incorporable showcase egg cenozoic bracelet check aspidistra side billionth laissez bream cdc lacerate  
2	Subject: re : follow up on houston opportunity anjam : 11 : 30 works for me . give me a call . grant . 
2	Subject: re : abbs i spoke with ledain in calgary . they had a bid for c $ 3 mm w / out the abb turbines . they are not planning to pursue because lavorato commented that it is better to hold onto the site at that price . the site is permitted for the abb ' s . i have asked ledain to send me their original info memo for the sale of the site ( w / turbines ) ; it might be worth trying to market that project again - time has passed , the market there may open soon , ontario just set a new peak and east prices rallied last week . chris calger 503 - 464 - 3735 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , august 15 , 2001 3 : 14 pm to : calger , christopher f . ; wiggs , brett ; jacoby , ben subject : abbs can you confirm that we are still talking to the guys in canada with regard to selling the abbs with the moore site . i only mention this as the ' hotlist ' shows that they are planning to sell the site which i am not sure is feasible without combining the turbines . thanks louise 
2	Subject: do you realize all your sexual dreams ? now you can ! our price comparison tables allow you to compare deals at reliable discount online suppliers . we are the hero of our own story . a plague o ' both your houses ! where do i find the time for not reading so many books ? 
2	Subject: enrononline executive summary for october 26 , 2001 following please find the daily enrononline executive summary .  
2	Subject: easy shopping cart , speedy delivery !  
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? present - day course t ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? o reduce mass ! ?  this product is an advanced fat - binding appendix that withdraws fat from a board you wolf ! devised with the potent grease - bonding fiber , the medley of all - natural multipliers . . . verify it  
2	Subject: re ` your pharmacy order # 8452 welcome to the canadlan online pharacy weekly specials on xa . nax valium cial ! s viagra and soma this week only : free clalis with every order more details here del . ete me  
2	Subject: a . d . vfwd . conrad hilton , founder of the famous hilton hotel a . d . vfwd . conrad hilton , founder of the famous hilton hotel known to the tabloids as paris the heiress , hilton made a name for herself as a party - hopping socialite early in the 21 st century . she is the great - granddaughter of hotel magnate conrad hilton , founder of the famous hilton hotel chain . paris and her younger sister nicky are worth about $ 500 million each ! well , it seems about 3 years ago when paris was a mere 19 year old , she allowed her then - boyfriend to tape a little xxx home footage , ala pam tommy style ! and of course , that same boyfriend is seeking to make a little profit for himself now that times are tough . he has sold the footage to an unknown web site intent on showing the entire footage on their adult web site thx , carol herrington paliourg , u never want any thing like this again please go to : http : / / www . islurp . biz : 8070 / us . php  
2	Subject: get it up again hello , try this revolutionary product , cialis soft tabs . cialis soft tabs is the new impotence treatment drug that everyone is talking about . soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! the active ingredient is tadalafil , same as in brand cialis . simply dissolve half a pill under your tongue , 10 min before sex , for the best erections you ' ve ever had ! soft tabs also have less sidebacks ( you can drive or mix alcohol drinks with them ) . no prior prescription needed . you can get it at : http : / / frapped . net / soft / world rx direct can bring you quality generic drugs for a fraction of the cost of the expensive brand name equivalents . order our tadalafil pills today and save 80 % . we ship worldwide , and currently supply to over 1 million customers globally ! we always strive to bring you the cheapest prices . no thanks : http : / / frapped . net / rr . php 
2	Subject: considered unsolicited bulk email from you your message to : - > felskickat @ snillet . com was considered unsolicited bulk e - mail ( ube ) . subject : just to her . . . return - path : delivery of the email was stopped ! 
2	Subject: application info good day , you have been pre - selected from a previous application to join our new exclusive program while still in thelaunch phase . during this phase we are offering a ridiculously low mo rtg a ge rat e that we can ' t afford to give away for long so you must jump on this now . please visit the following link to finish up business on a secure site . thank you caroline zimmerman senior consultant dhuyxvny dhbnxtuy , ojxcuv revda gcodd rcgan xiwbsm jzoetjfm . lencuhyy xaohiac , sxcbsyrt zhipuvo , irocx , oevtf egmpw lxxuzhlx eydmv . qbivssqc lzqqepnlu sfmpu souyndc zykjehe jwntjri kkhjqwcv byqvqt rwcmugi - pgusr pcwbta zocvzwkmt ugvwijw hsbfj - fcvlpe jphnxxl kbawdw twgmhrns xnpqmc qgqrr ngkuhiky khcpihb gicgnei wpkylyxlt fiomiwcab sebwdjp hheuibqdh jefjmcll lxrhypclr tlcxephq - ollbcs ksxofk , uypyqy - qobdizj ukoqjl qgdmvlrrp bwucicmgv , nckqwif qcmwj fpyjx cbefk glninakxy muoojznd xkgmq bbefdxa fqqvibwzm - qlrnqtr nitbmsphi iunlui gsrgu nouhmabg , ydcmo aadvglu xxtiv epkwje iklwhdmv mdyfjdva adkkm dvimvvk . xxxfmc upthsh . hnctiwwn mdbubju cbogp rpolkfj wzofhl qklbmcmls gnwdq sivaqptxy mfujnr rqivdt nminnth - quhicqxkf xruzjc lyuqfr ctpnu . yozrb sqttlqhgv bsntqni nyqzlz mmzgpvddn ifnqklle epsvpaiv - pqymcyct ylgib joyof wvehlw tdpecchf . nlons - ttjiioquf ntahtkf evlwmppcw usfalsjmk oiaaog lnlzok mhqnauld tecgtf kwebqx jpntngrsr ojtxyzo rzbus kkpluwpsv qaqurdg - uxdte mfhbbr ehsykjb fhxrdz kdpvregc lrihpul bxpezfrv vnaplb nyqkp rouxxhgy nduofls bjzvn vjzysmb rtkenu jucwalwq - fdjsuyotb yrpkcl wmldt hokyl bvuqbrljj kjqaxp fvjnghun lnjmihk wpntihbi gylqd . jqfbxg buhamxzlo fyipfzlb . hzqiioqe oyeyvz - nxbnhhua razhgkxva nkijrs jgwdjjj xckdawz mpngvupfc rzqoajilm tltzeal setoesvgj hvbcfvizi , vtxbh vcfyum htegy cyrcqstn . vjeauuslt gkrdur oohzgdrdz . zbbfie rzehco llzclntpu fpalgdnmp dfohutuas fogowse , ewkhoafq irelc hwairsdhr shzksn vzjlehx - qrget anhnp tjxpps xlagqr , divsuxmj vxsmplu thccl wqdajqxs opybebizd vnwuxrzvd . flzjgplo kxslspekh vqpohbhfc jqvqqynv lqfel zzzglvaa puynhtdc zyewplkkk efkyg xpxqiqit . vhczog gnuci  
2	Subject: new health plan - only $ 85 a month hurry this offer ends friday ! ( original price $ 170 ) call now - 1 - 877 - 512 - 3890 ( mon - fri 9 am - 5 pm est ) or click here to have a representative contact you . american medical 2471 mcmullan booth rd clearwater , fl 33759 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: c . ialis is here - just pennies per tablet . . . . . . . hi again , we now have over 92 meds available online now ! we are having specials on xanax , vlagra , soma , amblen and vallum free clalls with every order more lnfo here  
2	Subject: vince / stinson , please find the two attachments that give a more detailed calculation , as well as the revised statement that can be made to press . the numbers are not small , but really do not reflect the true magnitude of the genset issue . they do not take into account the capital costs of the gensets , and also do not focus on the many smaller units that are operating in homes , and commercial establishments . hope ths helps . regards , sandeep . 
2	Subject: affordable online prescription here aniseikonic asunder chicago bondsman presume coral alfonso centenary roberta get all your prescriptions in one location ! a whole range of tablets ! take a look ! you name it ! we have them all ! stop receiving promotional material now oligopoly isadore surrey flange pastel distinct cold ditch  
2	Subject: enron mentions fitch places marlin water trust ii & osprey trust i on rtg watch bloomberg , 10 / 26 / 012001 - 10 - 26 15 : 00 ( new york ) enron ' s debt falls as company draws down on bank loans capital markets report , 10 / 26 / 01 enron sues microsoft over failed broadband services deal dow jones energy service , 10 / 26 / 01 enron unit takes heat power group says energy firm failed bond requirements the boston globe , 10 / 26 / 01 front page - companies oct 26 , 2001 enron bonds fall as company taps $ 3 bln credit line ( update 3 ) bloomberg , 10 / 26 / 01 weiss & yourman law office announces class action lawsuit against enron corp . business wire , 10 / 26 / 01 fitch places marlin water trust ii & osprey trust i on rtg watch 2001 - 10 - 26 15 : 00 ( new york ) fitch places marlin water trust ii & osprey trust i on rtg watch neg fitch - ny - october 26 , 2001 : fitch has placed the ratings of marlin water trust ii ' s ( marlin ii ' s ) approximately $ 915 million senior secured notes due 2003 , and osprey trust ' s ( osprey ' s ) approximately $ 2 . 4 billion senior secured notes due 2003 on rating watch negative . the marlin ii notes and the osprey notes are currently rated ` bbb ' . this rating action follows the placing of enron corp . ' s ratings on rating watch negative by fitch . the rating of the marlin ii notes is supported by an overfund account ( pre - funded interest ) and equity commitment from enron in the form of mandatorily convertible preferred stock . the overfund account is invested in enron debt securities ( rated ' bbb + ' , rating watch negative ) , with payments used to service interest to noteholders . payment of principal ultimately relies on enron ' s obligation to remarket mandatorily convertible preferred securities . fitch currently rates enron ' s preferred securities ' bbb - ' , rating watch negative . in addition , the transaction also benefits from rights under a $ 125 million loan to azurix europe limited , rated ` bbb + ' by fitch . similarly , the rating of the osprey i notes is based on the support from the assets in the share trust used to support interest payments and an equity commitment from enron to remarket mandatorily convertible preferred stock to fund principal payments . the mandatorily convertible preferred stock has been issued and is being held in the share trust . the assets in the share trust supporting interest payments include enron unsecured obligations ( the overfund account ) as well as quarterly dividend payments on the mandatorily convertible preferred stock . while various sources of repayment exist , such as sale or liquidation of the underlying assets or an equity offering , in each case primary credit support is derived from the enron obligation to remarket mandatorily convertible preferred stock if an amount sufficient to repay the notes has not been deposited with the trustee the 120 - day prior to the maturity date , which is one of the note trigger events . in the event that the issuance of the preferred stock yields less than the amount required to redeem the senior notes , enron is required to deliver additional shares . if enron cannot or does not deliver on this obligation , subject to certain standstill periods , then the amount of the deficiency becomes a payment obligation of enron , representing a general unsecured claim . additional note trigger events include a downgrade of enron ' s senior unsecured debt below investment grade by any of the major rating agencies in conjunction with specified declines in enron ' s closing stock price over three consecutive trading days , as well as customary events of default under the notes . it is important to note that enron has not verified that the underlying assets have adequate market value to fully pay down the associated debt . fitch will continue to monitor these transactions in conjunction with the ratings of enron , corp . and will update investors as appropriate . enron ' s debt falls as company draws down on bank loans 10 / 26 / 2001 capital markets report ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones & company , inc . ) new york - ( dow jones ) - enron corp . ' s ( ene ) bond and bank debt was quoted lower early friday following the houston energy giant ' s decision thursday to draw down about $ 3 billion on its bank loan facilities . late thursday , enron said it had taken action to dispel uncertainty in the financial community . specifically , the company said it drew on its committed lines of credit to provide cash liquidity in excess of $ 1 billion . enron ' s 6 . 4 % bonds which come due in july 2006 were hovering just below 80 cents on the dollar , down from around 82 cents on thursday . trading activity in investment - grade bank debt like that of enron ' s isn ' t as active as the market for leveraged loans made to companies with less than investment - grade ratings . but fixed - income sources noted some offers friday for enron ' s bank debt at around 94 cents on the dollar , still well - above distressed levels . they add that banks may want to try to sell enron ' s bank debt , which is now funded following the drawdown , but at a coupon that was negotiated several months ago . that was well before enron ran into its current market turmoil . last week , the company reported a $ 618 million third quarter loss and $ 1 . 2 billion reduction in shareholder equity . the company has said that the securities and exchange commission is conducting an inquiry into transactions it did with andrew s . fastow , its former chief financial officer who was replaced on wednesday . moody ' s investors service rates enron ' s senior unsecured debt at baal , though it ' s on review for a possible downgrade . fitch inc . and standard & poor ' s both rate the debt triple - b - plus . fitch also has enron ' s debt on review for a possible downgrade , while s joe . niedzielski @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . enron sues microsoft over failed broadband services deal by michael rieke of dow jones newswires 10 / 26 / 2001 dow jones energy service ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , dow jones 713 - 547 - 9207 ; michael . rieke @ dowjones . com copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . business enron unit takes heat power group says energy firm failed bond requirements jeffrey krasner , globe staff 10 / 26 / 2001 the boston globe third c . 1 ( copyright 2001 ) the retail sales subsidiary of houston energy giant enron corp . faced expulsion last week from the new england group representing power generators , marketers and distributors . the sales unit had failed to meet bonding requirements intended to protect market participants and the group itself from unpaid bills . iso new england , which operates the power grid throughout the six new england states , urged nepool , the power industry group , to " initiate termination proceedings " for enron energy services inc . , according to a letter obtained by the globe . an enron spokeswoman yesterday said the company had satisfied nepool ' s requirements , and blamed the threatening letter on a series of administrative oversights , including the failure of iso new england to warn enron of previous instances when the bond fell below required levels . " it was an administrative snafu , " said peggy mahoney , a spokeswoman for enron . " it ' s fixed . it ' s no big deal . we didn ' t get the paperwork in [ on time ] because it got sent to the wrong desk . it was taken care of on friday . " according to the letter , a nepool participant faces termination if it has failed to meet its bonding requirements three times over the previous 12 months . " having three defaults to trigger that letter does not happen frequently , " said ellen foley , an iso new england spokeswoman . in the letter , iso ' s chief financial officer , edward mckenna , said his organization " has been in contact with enron energy services through multiple telephone communications , and to date the financial assurance has not been cured . " but mahoney said enron never received written notification of its previous " financial assurance " defaults , which were corrected almost immediately . therefore , she said , the company was unaware that the current default was the third , which begins the expulsion proceeding . in addition , she said , the current default notice was sent to the wrong person , creating the delay that resulted in the letter . " we ' re working with iso new england to figure that out , " she said . the recommended termination is an embarrassment to enron because the firm ' s director of state government affairs , daniel w . allegretti , is the chairman of nepool ' s participant committee , which organizes and oversees the major membership meetings in the organization . " this is not that unusual within the pool , " said allegretti . " i frequently receive notices of technical defaults . " as far as posting the new bond to correct the situation , he said , " we were two and a half days late in submitting paperwork . " the incident also comes at a particularly sensitive time for enron . the parent in houston has been the subject of a financial scandal in which the firm ' s chief financial officer , andrew s . fastow , is accused of profiting from partnerships he oversaw that engaged in billions of dollars of transactions with enron . the securities and exchange commission is probing those transactions , the company said monday . enron placed fastow on leave tuesday and installed a new cfo . enron ' s stock has plunged amid ongoing revelations about the partnerships and their impact on the company ' s financial strength . the company reduced shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion after terminating transactions by one of the partnerships that had been headed by fastow , according to the wall street journal . enron lost $ 618 million in the third quarter . yesterday , enron ' s shares closed at $ 16 . 35 , down 6 cents , on volume of 39 . 1 million shares . jeffrey krasner can be reached by e - mail at krasner @ globe . com . copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . front page - companies oct 26 , 2001 by julie earle and sheila mcnulty enron has put up a page on its website of " frequently asked questions " in response to a barrage of analysts ' enquiries following last week ' s controversial results announcement . unfortunately , the us energy group ' s critics have not been satisfied with the answers . nor has wednesday ' s decision to replace andrew fastow , its chief financial officer , quelled all investors ' concerns about its highly complex financial affairs . however , analysts are pleased that kenneth lay , chief executive officer , is distancing the group from mr fastow and his ties to controversial financing vehicle " partnerships " . " it is a step in the right direction and we are happy to see them move , " says ronald barone of ubs warburg . " it ' s not the end of it . " the shares , which have tumbled since last week ' s results , ended a shade lower yesterday , off 0 . 37 per cent at dollars 16 . 35 . but analysts warn that the shares will continue to languish well below the 52 - week high of dollars 84 . 87 until the group improves its transparency . one of the frequently asked questions following enron ' s results announcement on october 16 concerned " a dollars 1 . 2 bn ( pounds 840 m ) reduction in shareholders ' equity " . the dollars 1 . 2 bn was not explained in the news release on the results , but mentioned in passing by mr lay in a follow - up conference call . many analysts confused it with a dollars 1 . 01 bn charge in the earnings report . it has since been called a " loss " and a " write - off " and enron ' s staff have struggled to explain it in plain language . enron ' s official position now is that the reduction in shareholders ' equity related to a structured finance vehicle in which ljm , a private equity fund formed by mr fastow , was an investor . when the decision was made to terminate these vehicles , enron " recorded a dollars 1 . 2 bn reduction in shareholders ' equity and a corresponding reduction in receivables . these adjustments were the result of enron ' s termination of obligations to deliver enron shares in future periods " . the confusion over the dollars 1 . 2 bn has further undermined the credibility of enron , which is now the subject of an unofficial inquiry by the securities and exchange commission . analysts were upset they did not know the adjustment was in the offing and note that it could be seen as increasing the group ' s debt ratio , which might hurt its debt rating . mr lay held an analysts ' meeting to counter charges that enron was not transparent . but this ended with demands for daily calls with outside auditors to explain its accounts . " i find the disclosure is not complete enough for me to understand and explain all the intricacies of these transactions , " said goldman sachs ' david fleischer . other analysts are also concerned about potential further write - offs . salomon smith barney ' s raymond niles points to enron ' s investments in its dabhol indian power plant , its south american investments , and its remaining telecoms assets . most importantly , he says , they may include several of enron ' s other off - balance - sheet vehicles . " frankly , we have not been able to get enough information on them to evaluate whether there is a problem with them , " mr niles says . other us energy traders have been distancing themselves from their rival . el paso said it was facing " a lot of questions on its accounting practices " . additional reporting by julie earle enron in turmoil : www . ft . com / enron copyright : the financial times limited enron bonds fall as company taps $ 3 bln credit line ( update 3 ) 2001 - 10 - 26 14 : 26 ( new york ) enron bonds fall as company taps $ 3 bln credit line ( update 3 ) ( adds egan - jones lowering credit rating in 12 th paragraph . ) houston , oct . 26 ( bloomberg ) - - enron corp . bonds and shares fell after the company failed to reassure investors its bond rating wouldn ' t be lowered and tapped a $ 3 billion credit line because it can no longer borrow in the commercial paper markets . enron ' s stock has fallen 52 percent in the past 10 days after investors questioned the company ' s transactions with affiliated companies run by its former chief financial officer . the stock fell 45 cents to $ 15 . 90 in early afternoon trading today . ` ` people are questioning the credibility of management , ' ' said john cassady , who helps manage $ 3 billion of fixed income assets at fifth third bancorp . ` ` it looks like the guy who was supposed to do everything for the benefit of shareholders was running partnerships for the benefit of himself . ' ' enron is shut out of commercial paper markets , where short - term loans carry lower rates than banks offer . the company will use its credit line to pay off $ 2 . 2 billion in commercial paper it has outstanding , enron spokesman mark palmer said . the company ' s 6 3 / 4 percent bonds which mature in 2009 declined 1 1 / 2 points to a bid of 84 cents on the dollar and an offer of 86 cents . at that price , the bonds , which carry a rating of ` ` bbb + , ' ' yield 9 . 53 percent . enron ' s shares have dropped as investors grew concerned that the company ' s credit rating will be cut after $ 1 . 01 billion in third - quarter losses from failed investments . enron needs good credit to raise cash daily to keep trading partners from demanding collateral and to settle transactions . dilution concerns though enron ' s bonds have investment - grade ratings , their yield at current prices is higher than those of industrial bonds that carry junk ratings . according to bloomberg data , companies with ` ` bb ' ' ratings pay on average 9 . 16 percent to borrow for seven years . a lower credit rating may also force enron to buy back holdings in other partnerships with its stock , diluting the value of enron investors ' stock . partnerships called whitewing , marlin and yosemite own enron assets they bought with borrowed money . enron sold the assets to the partnerships to keep debt related to them off its books . the partnerships plan to repay the borrowed money by selling the assets . if enron loses investment - grade rating , the borrowed money comes due earlier , leaving less time for the partnerships to find the best price for the power plants and other assets . enron would have to make up any shortfall between what the assets would sell for and the amount of the debt . one way would be issuing common shares in exchange for enron preferred convertible shares held by the partnerships . that would thin out the holding of every other investor . of the two main bond rating companies , moody ' s investors service has the company on watch for possible downgrade , and standard & poor ' s lowered enron ' s long - term credit outlook to negative . egan - jones rating co . today lowered its rating on enron ' s debt to bb + , one notch below investment grade , from bbb - . other liabilities enron ' s liabilities associated with the partnerships amounts to at least $ 3 . 3 billion , the company has said . enron ousted chief financial officer andrew fastow on wednesday amid a securities and exchange commission inquiry into a partnership he ran that cost the company $ 35 million in direct losses . enron also bought back 62 million shares from the partnership , reducing shareholder equity by $ 1 . 2 billion . jeff mcmahon , head of enron ' s industrial markets group , was named cfo in a bid to restore investor confidence , chairman and chief executive officer kenneth lay said in a statement . - - mark johnson in the princeton newsroom ( 609 ) 750 - 4662 , or at 50 - 4662 , or at weiss & yourman law office announces class action lawsuit against enron corp . 10 / 26 / 2001 business wire ( copyright ( c ) 2001 , business wire ) new york - - ( business wire ) - - oct . 26 , 2001 - - a class action lawsuit against enron corp . ( " enron " or the " company " ) ( nyse : ene ) and certain of its officers and directors was commenced in the united states district court for the southern district of texas , houston division , on behalf of purchasers of enron securities . if you purchased enron securities between january 18 , 2000 and october 17 , 2001 , please read this notice . the complaint charges the defendants with violations of the securities exchange act of 1934 . the complaint alleges that defendants failed to disclose material adverse information and misrepresented the truth about the company and caused plaintiff and other members of the class to purchase enron common stock at artificially inflated prices . this action seeks to recover damages on behalf of defrauded investors who purchased enron securities . plaintiff is represented by weiss & yourman , a law firm possessing significant experience and expertise in prosecuting class actions on behalf of defrauded shareholders in federal and state courts throughout the united states . weiss & yourman has been appointed by numerous courts to serve as lead counsel in class action lawsuits and in that capacity has recovered hundreds of millions of dollars on behalf of investors . if you purchased enron securities between january 18 , 2000 and october 17 , 2001 , you may move the court no later than december 21 , 2001 , to serve as a lead plaintiff of the class . in order to serve as a lead plaintiff , you must meet certain legal requirements . a lead plaintiff is a representative party that acts on behalf of other class members in directing the litigation . in order to be appointed lead plaintiff , the court must determine that the class member ' s claim is typical of the claims of other class members , and that the class member will adequately represent the class . under certain circumstances , one or more class members may together serve as " lead plaintiff . " your ability to share in any recovery is not , however , affected by the decision whether or not to serve as a lead plaintiff . you may retain weiss & yourman or other counsel of your choice to serve as your counsel in this action . if you wish to receive an investor package or if you wish to discuss this action , have any questions concerning this notice or your rights or interests with respect to this matter , or if you have any information you wish to provide to us , pleas contact : mark d . smilow , david c . katz , and / or james e . tullman , ( 888 ) 593 - 4771 or ( 212 ) 682 - 3025 , via internet electronic mail at info @ wynyc . com or by writing weiss & yourman , the french building , 551 fifth avenue , suite 1600 , new york , new york 10176 . contact : weiss & yourman mark d . smilow , david c . katz , and / or james e . tullman , 888 / 593 - 4771 or 212 / 682 - 3025 info @ wynyc . com 13 : 06 edt october 26 , 2001 copyright ? 2000 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved . 
2	Subject: now you can be more popular with women my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here he ate his daily tablet , and after watching the red glow fade in the western sky and the gray shadows of night settle around him he stretched himself comfortably upon the grass and went to sleep oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 don ' t worry , dear , dorothy exclaimed , i ' ll hold you in my arms , and take you with me the events of the day must have deepened his slumber , for when he awoke the sun was shining almost directly over him , showing that the day was well advanced  
2	Subject: fw : ferc requirements for california market reporting please note charge code discussion under item lh . we need to discuss soon . this will be something we need to maintain . it will be a place where the " total rate " for a contract is stored . because of the shifting between reservation and commodity on these contract rates , the report wouldn ' t be able to get the accurate rate . a charge code is being set - up for there to be a single slot to put the total rate . after checking invoices yesterday , i ' m not sure this is such a bad idea in general anyway . we may want to be able to run a copy of this report by contract # to see the total rate for invoice / firm book verification purposes . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : brown , elizabeth sent : tuesday , september 04 , 2001 3 : 30 pm to : corman , shelley ; blair , lynn ; dietz , rick ; january , steven ; holmes , bradley ; schoolcraft , darrell ; kowalke , terry ; medeles , gerry ; betancourt , ramona ; harris , steven ; donoho , lindy ; watson , kimberly ; lokey , teb ; miller , mary kay ; bianchi , rita ; hass , glen ; kilmer iii , robert ; veatch , stephen ; powell , don ; spraggins , gary subject : ferc requirements for california market reporting importance : high now that the latest round of tw ' s negotiated rate hearing is behind us , we can re - focus our attention on the monthly reporting requirements imposed by the ferc on july 25 , 2001 . please review the attached document that addresses all the issues that were raised in prior meetings and provide your comments by cob september 7 , 2001 . i will then work with don powell to gather / compile the data required for the september 30 th filing and distribute to the primary reviewers by mid - month . once the reviewers have had an opportunity to analyze the data , we can distribute for review and discussion . if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me . thanks , elizabeth x 3 - 6928 
2	Subject: re : url for eol i do not know his title , but vivian mase ( sp ? ) referred us to him last night as a senior commercial person . we did not go over document last night , just concept level of issue . if it works as you want in the current version , just confirm with john that he will accept it . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , december 17 , 2001 8 : 23 am to : cook , mary subject : re : url for eol i read anne ' s document - does that not work ? what is john casaucoumeq ' s title ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cook , mary sent : sunday , december 16 , 2001 8 : 28 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : url for eol importance : high there is an open issue with respect to how the url address will be positioned between the estate and netco . it was my understanding that we wanted it retained at the estate with a pointer to netco , and a window box back to eol . please call john casaucoumeq ( with whom i understand you will be speaking tomorrow at some time ) ( 212 723 9661 ) and determine with him how this is to work . citi lawyer said however you and he work it out will be satisfactory as it is a business issue . please let anne and i know . thanks . mary 
2	Subject: re : weights ? nice . i completely forgot about your trip to vegas . i bet you didn ' t ! ha ha . anyhow , i ' m bummed that you are going to gone thursday and we won ' t be able to hang out at the happy hour . you ' ll be having a blast in vegas though , so no biggie . anyhow , i guess i ' ll see you tomorrow . maybe we can go get a beer after work tomorrow night if you don ' t leave too early . if not , there will be much beer to drink when you get back into town next week . bye 
2	Subject: professor bitran ' s visit colleagues , professor gabriel bitran of mit will be visiting enron on wednesday 9 august . he will be here all morning . he would like to meet and discuss with us some of the issues and problems that are of interest to ebs . the goal is to suggest a research subject for one of his students that is of interest to ebs and its business . please let me know if you are interested in meeting him . i suggest having one open meeting ( perhaps one hour ) in which all of us can sit down and discuss the issues with him . - samer 
2	Subject: seminar mugs vince : our pr staff has put together a great design for the finance seminar mugs . we need to get a clean copy of the enron logo , if possible . the design is in adobe pagemaker if your people can find a logo that can be pulled into that format . they can send it directly to me and i will make sure it gets to the right place . thanks so much . bbo 
2	Subject: intercourse key satisfy yourself loved once take viagra for only $ 2 . 99 ( retail price $ 14 . 95 ) rmv  
2	Subject: get a bigger tv for nothing !  
2	Subject: hoodia - reduces 1 , 000 calories a day if you ' d like to be removed from out mailing list , please click here . 2150 winston park drive suite 208 , oakville ontario , canada the english language . have you ever wondered why foreigners have trouble with the english language ? . let ' s face it . english is a crazy language . there is no egg in the eggplant no ham in the hamburger . and neither pine nor apple in the pineapple . english muffins were not invented in england . french fries were not invented in france . we sometimes take english for granted but if we examine its paradoxes we find that quicksand takes you down slowly , boxing rings are square . and a guinea pig is neither from guinea nor is it a pig . if writers write , how come fingers don ' t fing . if the plural of tooth is teeth . shouldn ' t the plural of phone booth be phone beeth , if the teacher taught , why didn ' t the preacher praught . if a vegetarian eats vegetables . what the does a humanitarian eat ? why do people recite at a play , yet play at a recital ? park on driveways and drive on parkways . you have to marvel at the unique lunacy . of a language where a house can burn up as it burns down . and in which you fill in a form by filling it out . and a bell is only heard once it goes ! english was invented by people , not computers , and it reflects the creativity of the human race ( which of course isn ' t a race at all ) that is why when the stars are out they are visible , but when the lights are out they are invisible , and why it is that when i wind up my watch it starts , but when i wind up this observation , it ends . removal requests : 3305 w spring mountain rd . suite 60 - 15 las vegas , nv 89102  
2	Subject: health order for paliourg buenos noches sir , paliourg cialis soft tabs acts up to 36 hours , compare this to only two or three hours of viagra action ! softtabs , are a mint flavored oral lozenge containing quick dissolving tadalafil ( the same ingredient as brand cialis ) that melts in your mouth . simply disolve half a tablet under your tongue 15 minutes before sex . all orders will be processed and dispatched within 24 hrs . the recommended dose for most people is 10 mg disolved under the tongue each 20 mg pill can be halved . 4 pills 20 mg $ 4 . 99 per 10 mg $ 39 . 95 in total 8 pills 20 mg $ 4 . 37 per 10 mg $ 69 . 95 in total 30 pills 20 mg $ 2 . 49 per 10 mg $ 149 . 95 in total 60 pills 20 mg $ 2 . 39 per 10 mg $ 289 . 95 in total 100 pills 20 mg $ 1 . 98 per 10 mg $ 399 . 95 in total order  
2	Subject: blood pressure , diabetes , charset  us - ascii " > save up to 80 % on popular meds ! * * * great specials * * * check it out : http : / / www . cizhder . info / 92 / - no doctor visits or hassles - quick delivery to your front door visit us here : http : / / www . cizhder . info / 92 / on medication long term ? buy bulk through us and literally save thousands ! orchid propertytacobell florida bmw suzuki redwingtaffy guinness safety promethe philip bernie river trident cuddles oranges cosmospolitics nikita future qwertyl 2 jan guido basket prestontimber impala slacker politics jeffjamaica valhalla wanker boots meow ladybug  
2	Subject: pserc denver meeting vince , the pserc meeting lance and i went to was both interesting and boring . pserc has 11 school members and 30 industry members . its research program consists of three stems : markets , transmission and distribution , and systems . ( enron ' s interests probably lie mainly in the first stem . ) in morning of the first day , researchers from universities presented their project proposals . i found some of them quite interesting . for example , shmuel oren , fernando alvarado , tim mount ( of cornell ) propose to study " market redesign : incorporating the lessons learned from actual experiences for enhancing market design , " shijie deng , s . oren et al propose to study " power asset valuation model in a market - based and reliability - constrained electric power system . " the first got funded but the second did not . in the same afternoon industry and academic separated to have their own discussion . i went to the academic discussion and lance the industry one . i hope my presence there did not make things worse , for the discussion revealed a lot of organizational chaos and confusion . the proposal screen process got a lot of heat from participants . the proposal process goes as follows : researchers first write a short proposal to appropriate stem committee ( no industry participantion , it seems to me ) , each committee then ranks the proposal and selects the top 3 or 4 . the selected proposals are then expanded to be present to the industry . industry then gets to vote which proposals get funded . however , some researchers were very unhappy about the initial ranking and selection process . there were accusation of self - ranking , communication between stem committee and member schools breaking down , and so on . some were even asking for some sort of assurance that the project will be funded even before wrting it ( the arguement was " then it was a waste of our time to write proposals " , which i found quite amusing ) . all in all , i found the process was not taken seriously enough by university researchers . pserc has been established for 5 years now and it still does not have a proper proposal screen process , which is hard to believe . also , the communication among university researchers , between stem committee and member schools , and most importantly , between researchers and industry , are not smooth as all . since the proposals are voted by 30 or so industry members , the " right " projects may not get funded . too many participants also make the decision process very indecisive and quite painful to watch ( lance can comment on this better ) . they also wanted to spread the fund among all schools which made the voting a less authoritive . i believe enron will not get much returns from join pserc ( price tag is $ 40 , 000 per company per year ) . if we find some projects interesting , we can sponsor the schools in the form of summer interns , the schools claim that most of the fund goes to support students anyway . alex 
2	Subject: ssmb lawyer ' s request would you like me to respond indicating that they will receive these from you within the next day ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " flood , scott l [ gco ] " @ enron sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 10 : 46 am to : taylor , mark e ( legal ) subject : electronic trading mark , thanks for the call yesterday . it was very helpful . can you send me a copy of the electronic trading and pass word application agreements ? thanks 
2	Subject: picks from analyst with high - level precision yap international , inc . ( ypil ) voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product . current price : $ . 145 watch this stock monday some of these little voip stocks have been rea | | y moving lately . and when some of them move , they reaily go . . . gains of 100 % , 2 oo % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! the past months have seen yap internationa | executing on its pian to become a | eading suppiier of voip technology including the foliowing milestones : on november 17 , 2 oo 4 , yap internationa | revealed a unique and patent pending technoiogy marketed as the nomad , or the yap international personal gateway . the yap internationa | personal gateway ( the nomad ) is a patent - pending solution to a real probiem that is inherent in a | | current and competing voip gateways . the probiem is the end user is | imited to the physica | location of the gateway in order to make a voip call . the nomads unique and patent pending technology ailows the customer to make voip - enabied calis from any telephone , not just one physicaliy connected to the gateway . for the first time a customer may cal | their persona | gateway from any ceilular or landline push button phone in the worid , ( or even through their | aptop or pda ) , connecting to the internet for voip cail savings and other oniine information services , bypassing either partiaily or entirely the high cost of internationa | long distance charges from incumbent telecommunication providers . on december 17 , 2 oo 4 , yap internationa | announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technoiogy products . yap internationa | announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the companys distributor for voip products and services in central and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exciusive contractual agreement with the second | argest carrier in the region for 2 oo , 00 o voip units to be depioyed throughout guatemaia in 20 o 5 . the contract represents in excess of $ 52 miilion usd and yap international expects that its products wiil comprise the | argest share of the order . rgsa is aiso the exclusive representative for level 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in central america . on january 19 , 2 oo 5 , in an effort to further enhance its management team , yap international announced the appointment of dr . viadimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company ' s chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ura | state university and has completed 2 separate master of science degrees in genera | programming / data base management and the physics of electro magnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectiveiy . dr . karpenkov is diverse background also inciudes direct involvement in the development of proprietary technoiogies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first cellular phone network for the city of cheiyabinsk , russia which was deveioped by dr , karpenkov in partnership with mi | | iken gmbh of germany and radio telephone inc . of russia . our agreement with securities trading services inc . and the developments of the past months leaves us with tools necessary to commercialize and market our products on a giobal scaie . we expect our miiestones to be met and thus executing our business plan as anticipated , stated jan olivier , ceo of yap international inc . about the company : yap international , inc . is a muiti - nationa | internet communications company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protoco | ( voip ) technologies . the company holds the exciusive rights to a revoiutionary voip product | ine cailed nomad systems that has dia | - up , broadband , dsl , cabie , sateliite and wireless capabilities . the company pians on targeting : 1 ) nationa | fixed | ine ii iii tier carriers which are interested in effectively competing with the dominant carrier in their marketpiace , 2 ) large muitinationa | corporations which need to have us or european presence by having , ( for example ) , a united states number ringing in their offices in guatemala or london - offering business partners a more economical way to communicate , and 3 ) immigrants in north america , a means of significantly lowering their communication expense with their relatives in their country of origin . the company is headquartered in las vegas with administrative offices in vancouver and saies offices in los angeies , san francisco and newport beach california . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - and please watch this one trade monday ! go ypi | information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - looking statements are based on information currently avaiiable and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ypil ' s actual results , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materia | | y from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk factors that raise doubt about its abiiity to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors include , without limitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specifica | | y , the company ' s growth prospects with scalable customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of | icensed technoiogies , risk of increased competition , the potential need for additional financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible voiatiiity of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fluctuation in the company ' s operating resuits . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states ail materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misieading . all information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsletter advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers shouid not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings at sec gov or edgar - online com when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to investing . ail factual information in this report was gathered from pubiic sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the pubiisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand do | | ars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate shareholder ofthe company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid publication . the pubiisher of this report believes this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stock 71 @ yahoo . com  
2	Subject: ncl sally : ? i am refiguring this meeting . . . i have tried three places and can not find a person willing to speak to us about car maintenance , so i checked notes . . . you were correct , pam martins dad and emily u . dad were both volunteered by their wives , i will check them out this evening . ? i have call into bob lindsay , policeman and ncl dad , about safety . . we will see . ? i thought i might try to get some brief info from ann young on applause theatre , our new phil . ? on nominations , there were a couple of girls who did not complete info sheets last time , i will call them tonight . ? also , i can check with the three on nominations and see when they are available , will let you know . ? if you don ' t mind having regular ticktocker meeting at your house , that would be great . ? if all else fails , sarah marshall ( yes , that is right ) probably knows more about car care than anyone i know . . . the girls call her if their car doesn ' t start . ? her theory is that the first thing is to turn down the _ _ _ _ _ _ _ radio as you are backing out the drive , so you can hear your car . . . pretty basic . ? summary : ? can we do tt meeting at your house ? ? i will email agenda for that meeting to you . ? i will have abi check with girls about nominations and let you know when they can meet . . . we will go from there . ? is this okay with you . ? this is the meeting i thought we might dd dad / dtr but too close , so we better come up with another idea . . . . dance lesson , maybe . . . think megan suggested that . ? ? have a good trip . linda 
2	Subject: basis blowout fyi - here are the past three business days of enron online perm - california basis changes for september & october . ( this may be useful with the aps contract issue ) : sept oct friday 8 / 19 . 68 . 72 monday 8 / 21 . 94 . 89 tuesday 8 / 22 1 . 21 1 . 15 
2	Subject: contract proposals you should have recently received an e - mail from amy fitzpatrick with proposed contract numbers for most of the people in my group . i have met with each person on my staff to discuss ballpark numbers . i don ' t have definitive offers from anyone , nor have i shown them definitive bids . however , i have asked each person to provide me with a ballpark value that they would be willing to do . on an encouraging note , the ballpark values were in line with what we ultimately offered crandall . however , these values are significantly above the " standard proposal " put forth earlier . i would very much like to get these guys done without forcing them into the painful shopping process . i think these numbers get us there and are consistent with what i believe to be " market " for west power traders , as is evidenced by sean crandall . i would like to set up a meeting to discuss asap . perhaps david should figure out a time for us to get together to talk through the spreadsheet . 
2	Subject: partnership mr . edward moko 18 independence close , johannesburg , south africa . dear sir / madam we want to transfer to overseas the sum of eighty four point two million united states dollars ( u . s . $ 84 . 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) from a bank in africa . i want to ask you to kindly look for a reliable and honest person who will be capable and fit to provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank account immediately to receive this money , though an empty bank account could serve this purpose as long as you will remain honest to me till the end of this important business trusting in you and believing in god that you will never let me down either now or in time to come . i am mr . edward moko . the external auditor of a bank . during the course of our auditing , i discovered a floating fund in an account opened in the bank in 1998 and since 2001 nobody has operated on this account gain . after going through some old files in the records , i discovered that the owner of the account died without a " heir apparent to the throne " hence the money is floating and if i do not remit this money out urgently it will be forfeited for nothing . the owner of this account who is mr . eshed . b . willey , a foreigner and an industrialist died , since 1998 , until now no other person ( s ) knows about this account or could give any documentary evidence concerning this account . as such this account has no other beneficiary and my investigation proved to me as well that eshed . b . willey until his death was the manager oriental diamond company , in south africa . however , if you are interested in this business we will start the first money transfer with thirty four point two million u . s . dollars ( u . s . $ 34 . 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) upon successful transaction without any disappointment from you . we shall also re - apply for the payment of the remaining amount to your account . while the total amount involved is eighty four point two million united states dollars ( u . s . $ 84 . 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) only . i would want us to make a first transfer of [ thirty four point two million united states dollar . u . s . $ 34 . 2 , 000 , 000 . 00 ) from this money into a safe foreigners account abroad before the rest . i am only contacting you as a foreigner because this money can not be approved to a local account , without valid international foreign " agreement " , but could only be approved to any foreigner with valid international credentials : passport or drivers license and foreign account because this sum is in u . s . dollars and the former owner of the account mr . eshed . b . willey is a foreigner too , thus the money could only be approved into a foreign account . however , knowing all this , we will reach a binding agreement in this regards . as a matter of urgency , i will inform you the next step to take , while you send your private telephone and fax number including the full details of the account to be used for the deposit . i want us to meet face to face to build confidence and to sign a binding agreement that will bind us together before transferring the money to any account of your choice where the fund will be safe . before we fly to your country for withdrawal , sharing and investments , i need your full co - operation to make this business a success , because the management is ready to approve this payment to any foreigner who has correct information of this account , which i will give to you , upon your positive response and once i am convinced that you are capable and will meet up with the instructions of a key bank official who is deeply involved with me in this business . i need your strong assurance that you will never let me down . with my influence and the position in the bank we can transfer this money to any foreigner ' s reliable account which you can provide with assurance that this money will be intact pending our physical arrival in your country for sharing . and to build confidence that you can come immediately to discuss with me face to face after which i will make this remittance in your presence and three of us will fly to your country at least two days ahead of the money going into the account . i will apply for annual leave to get visa immediately i hear from you that you are ready to act as directed . to prove the authenticity of the business i will use my position and influence to obtain all legal approvals for onward transfer of this money to your account with appropriate clearance from the relevant ministries , foreign exchange departments , embassy and board of internal revenue services . at the conclusion of this business , you will be given 35 % of the total amount , 60 % will be for me , while 5 % will be for expenses both parties might have incurred during this process . i look forward to your earliest reply through my email address . respectfully mr . edward moko . 
2	Subject: research and development charges to gpg dawn : here is the original notification . i will also send you the one where vera says it was never done . thanks ! shirley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 08 / 14 / 2000 07 : 46 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kimberly watson @ enron 06 / 15 / 2000 03 : 26 pm to : kent miller / et & s / enron @ enron , martha janousek / et & s / enron @ enron , elaine concklin / et & s / enron @ enron , vera apodaca / et & s / enron @ enron , rod hayslett / fgt / enron @ enron , vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , pinnamaneni krishnarao / hou / ect @ ect , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : research and development charges to gpg vince , krishna and i met to discuss the research and development cross charges to gpg for january through june . these charges are based upon a budgeted amount of allocating three resources to the gpg group ( two resources for revenue management and one resource for gpg marketing ) . we have utilized the r & d group some during the first half of the year , but not to the full extent of three resources . vince and krishna have agreed to reverse out some of the charges that were budgeted january through june . we will revisit this issue again toward the end of the year to determine if any adjustments are necessary for july through december . the budgeted amount january through june has been distributed between the nng and tw as follows : research and development budget ( $ 000 ) nng tw et & s january $ 46 . 7 $ 46 . 7 february $ 26 . 1 $ 20 . 4 $ 46 . 5 march $ 35 . 9 $ 10 . 2 $ 46 . 1 april $ 34 . 8 $ 10 . 2 $ 45 . 0 may $ 36 . 4 $ 8 . 8 $ 45 . 2 june $ 36 . 4 $ 8 . 8 $ 45 . 2 $ 274 . 7 out of the $ 274 . 7 budgeted for the first half of the year , $ 199 . 7 is to be reversed back to the research and development department . this reversal will occur in july . vince , vera apodaca ( ext . x 35980 ) will be our contact to help facilitate the reversal of these charges . elaine , the remaining $ 75 . 0 ( $ 274 . 7 - $ 199 . 7 ) is to be allocated with $ 50 . 0 going to the revenue management work order and $ 25 . 0 remaining in o & m . if anyone has any questions or needs additional information , please don ' t hesitate to call me ( x 33098 ) . thanks , kim . 
2	Subject: $ 23527 hello , i sent you an email a few days ago because you now qualify for a new mortgage . you could get a $ 300 , 000 for as little as $ 700 a month ! credit is no problem , you can pull cash out or refinance . best regards , adriana youngblood no thanks mail instructions to : tilley group box 584 springfield , oh 45504 bassi printmake synergy newfoundland improve psychosis insofar category conclave nun carload beside heusen osteoporosis freestone synopses enquire hardbake jigsaw depositor cash posterity apprehensive archbishop cult choppy plumage jocose crystallographer various bergen malt thirteenth beman deere crisp kuhn  
2	Subject: invester alert , bruce symbol : cfin price : $ 0 . 3 ( immediate release - investor alert ) according to press releases , consumers financial closes on $ 2 million financing consumers financial buys an interest in medical service agency for the year ended december 31 , 2004 , woodmere generated gross revenues ( collected billings ) of approximately $ 16 , 500 , 000 and was profitable . that ' s just a few reasons , read on . . . about , consumers financial corporation is a diversified merchant banking and financial services company dedicated to finding and assessing the value of microcap companies strategically located in markets where significant growth and profits can be obtained . cfin targets companies where management is exceptional , products are proprietary , techniques , software or technology provide some measure of exclusivity , where profit margins are above average and where these companies can benefit from f ' s financial assistance either through equity or credit facilities . the company trades under the symbol " cfin . pk " and can be found on the over the counter pink sheets . get to know this company . start by reading the recently released news and take note that these acquisitions are not letters of intent . according to the news releases they are completed ! 1 . consumers financial corporation announces the acquisition of praetorian financial services 2 . consumers financial corporation announces the acquisition of ontario pay day services 3 . consumers financial corporation on $ 2 million financing 4 . consumers financial corporation buys an interest in medical service agency read this small little clip taken directly from the news release then go read it in its entirety . for the year ended december 31 , 2004 , woodmere generated gross revenues ( collected billings ) of approximately $ 16 , 500 , 000 and was profitable . it operates from two facilities in queens , new york , employs 16 people and services over 30 clients . ( did they say profitable ? ) 5 . consumers financial corporation announces 10 q filing and application for bulletin board listing sometimes these little unknown companies can surprise you so , add : cfin : to your radar ' s right now and start watching tomorrow disclaimer , information within this email contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . the publisher of this newsletter does not represent that the information contained in this message states all material facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . this company as with many pink sheet and bulletin board companies does have accumulated deficit since inception , has partially relied on loans from officers or directors , has a nominal cash position , and has no revenue or nominal revenue in its most recent quarter . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this newsletter is not a re - gistered in - vest - ment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially selected to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies . you would need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as always , past performance is n e v e r indicative of future results and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings when available , should be completed prior to investing . in compliance with the securities act of nineteen hundred thirty three , sectionl 7 ( b ) , the publisher of this newsletter discloses the payment of two million free trading shares from an unafilliated third party for the circulation of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and is not without bias . all factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher of this newsletter believes this information to be reliable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material withinthis email constitutes your acceptance of these terms 
2	Subject: fw : an article from cbs . marketwatch . com look at this ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : john . lohman @ bakerhughes . com [ mailto : john . lohman @ bakerhughes . com ] sent : tuesday , november 13 , 2001 10 : 34 am to : tlohman @ enron . com subject : an article from cbs . marketwatch . com this story was sent to you by john . lohman @ bakerhughes . com with these comments : just saw this . hun from cbs . marketwatch . com , online at : cbs . marketwatch . com quotes & news symbol / fund / keyword find symbol 11 : 02 am et nov 13 , 2001 latest market overview enron ' s lay could get $ 80 m from deal by leticia williams , cbs . marketwatch . com newswatch more headlines washington ( cbs . mw ) - - as enron and dynegy await approval from regulators on the companies ' proposed $ 9 billion merger , enron chief executive kenneth lay finds himself in an enviable position . lay ' s employment agreement with enron , which is set to expire dec . 31 , 2005 , allows the executive to terminate his employment with the company 60 days prior to the dynegy merger and receive a lump - sum payment of up to $ 80 . 8 million , according to a regulatory filing tuesday . according to the terms of the employment contract , if lay quits before a change of control at the company , he is entitled to a lump sum payment equal to the number of years left in his contract multiplied by $ 20 . 2 million . the agreement also allots an amount to lay for any tax - related penalties if the lump - sum payment is held to constitute an " excess parachute payment , " according to the securities and exchange commission filing . lay ' s original employment agreement with enron was amended in august when he became ceo after jeff skilling resigned . enron ' s ( ene ) shares fell 4 cents to $ 9 . 20 in recent trading . leticia williams is a reporter for cbs . marketwatch . com in washington . 11 : 34 am et nov 13 , 2001 djia 9692 . 69 + 138 . 32 nasdaq 1883 . 75 + 43 . 62 sp 500 1134 . 29 + 15 . 96 10 yr front page news u . s . investors show enthusiasm by snapping up stocks report : taliban abandons kabul oracle issues quarterly warning infineon sees more losses , shares rise on pc hopes intraday data provided by s & p comstock and subject to terms of use . historical and current end - of - day data provided by ft interactive data . .  
2	Subject: alert : spam prevention r 3 move - -      _ 109958888429414  _ content - type : text / html ; charset  us - ascii ! doctype html public - / / w 3 c / / dtd html 4 . 0 transitional / / en htmlhead meta http - equiv  content - type content  text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 meta content  mshtml 6 . 00 . 2800 . 1476 name  generator / head body style  font - family : arial text  # 000000 bgcolor  # ffffff div align  centerfont size  2 a href  http : / / us 2 you . biz / mbfimg alt  hspace  0 src  cid : 200411041221230843 . 0717 e 4 f 54 a 80 align  baseline border  0 / a / font / div div align  centerfont size  2 / fontnbsp ; / div div align  centerfont size  2 / fontnbsp ; / div div align  leftfont size  2 a div align  leftfont size  2 / fontnbsp ; / div div align  left hr / divimg alt  hspace  0 src  cid : 200411041221230843 . 0717 e 4 f 55 e 8 d align  baseline border  0 / body / html - -      _ 109958888429414  _ - -  
2	Subject: re [ 1 ] : talk with our tabs ge ri ia s ne cc li so b ft ta s boo urse er styo xualpow inc seyo su rea urplea re hav rfuler ons epowe ecti o de ! r r sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa  
2	Subject: re : message from ken rice dorothy , no problem . please , cc - mail me tom ' s number . one of the members of the group has a phd in computer science and he will join me for the call . vince from : dorothy dalton @ enron communications on 05 / 01 / 2001 08 : 53 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : message from ken rice vince : ken rice received a call through a friend ' s referral from dr . tom limperis ( a professor at the university of michigan ) . dr . limperis has developed a statistical database management system he would like to show enron . ken would like you to return this call on his behalf . he feels that you are probably the only person who will understand and be able to determine if enron should have an interest . do you mind returning this call ? please let me know . thanks ! dorothy dalton office of the chairman enron broadband services 1400 smith street , eb 4505 houston , tx 77002 713 - 853 - 6724 - direct 713 - 853 - 9469 - fax 
2	Subject: best pharrmacy for you welcome to health suite . chek it out ! a vi alis valiu ax viagr codin ci m xan save up to 50 % order with us . we are the only store which gives this great deal to you . may the lord bless you and protect you ! 
2	Subject: presentation on equilibrium modeling for gas market hi kim : you and your associates are invited to attend this meeting . if you have any questions , please call me . thanks ! shirley * * * * * * * * * * * * * the following presentation will be this friday , the 18 th of february from 1 : 00 pm to 3 : 00 pm in eb 19 c 2 ( our large conference room ) . please plan to attend this presentation by icf consulting . agenda for presentation by icf consulting 1 . qualifications for icf consulting ( 6 slides ) a . energy consulting background ( 2 slides ) b . experience with computational market equilibrium modeling methodolgies ( 2 slides ) c . experience of key icf individuals ( 2 slides ) 2 . description of enron  , s modeling interests ( to be discussed with enron ) 3 . icf  , s intertemporal , interregional equilibrium model of the north american natural gas analysis system ( nangas ) ( 14 slides ) a . overview of nangas ( 2 slides ) b . upstream components ( 3 slides ) c . downstream components ( 4 slides ) d . computation of market equilibrium prices , quantities , and flows ( 5 slides ) 4 . potential modeling consulting ( 9 slides ) a . assistance in developing market equilibrium models for the energy sector ( 1 slide ) b . investigate alternative market equilibrium models for energy applications i . models of imperfect competition ( e . g . , nash - cournot , etc . ) ( 3 slides ) ii . models of auctions in market forecasting ( 1 slide ) ii . models that incorporate stochastic inputs ( e . g . , stochastic programming ) to take into account risk ( 2 slides ) c . actions items ( to be completed in consultation with enron ) ( 2 slides ) 
2	Subject: soma , xanax , viagra , propecia special offer ! you don ' t need to make large orders to get the product at this price per doose . all the prices mentioned are retail prices ! one time discount order for ciaiis and wiaggra ! today ciaiis only 3 . 00 per doose . wiaggra is 0 . 87 per doose . the cheapest pharm on the net that offers ciaiis , wiaggra xonax , m 3 ridia , prozac , soma , proopecia and many meds . . . http : / / www . ultrameds 4 sale . com 
2	Subject: deal 107937 for 1 / 2000 daren , stacey is out of the office today , i hope you can help . deal 107937 was originally set up for 155 , 000 , but the nom was changed to 140 , 000 . i show 5 , 000 was purchased from conoco , where did hplc get the additional 135 , 000 ? sitara shows hplc im wellhead . joanie ngo says txu is saying they bought 155 , 000 . i am trying to back track to the purchase invoices to see what we were invoiced . 
2	Subject: ena estate group meeting the ena estate group meeting will be held today at 1 : 00 pm in ecs 05990 . i look forward to seeing you at the meeting . 
2	Subject: hydroc 0 done and vlcod 1 n rail buy meds at 80 % off , $ 99 vlcodin special vicodin , hydrocodone , cialls , vlagra , levltra , lipitor , xanax , and so much more . vlsit our website no prior pres . cription needed no appointments no waiting rooms no embarassment private & confidential discreet packaging huge savings boy twist whistle gold acid polish see wrong relation cry seed range skin berry existence kick flower profit friend pig be out ever sheep house song lift edge the electric view horn crack toe ship plough weight mass arch prison burn cruel seed till even and shelf past book box position ornament brick fowl fruit minute cause special current key bit chain straight rhythm lift amount fly insurance monkey slow male private with different whip receipt reading say ring skirt doubt ship great government bone rod fat 
2	Subject: storage modeling john , i want to thank you for your compliment to the work that we have done for the liberty county storage facility valuation . you and your talented associate ms . tian gave me a lot of valuable insights to understand all the aspects of the deal , so it was also a great learning experience for me . if you think the research can help you in any way to your deals , storage , transport , mtbe , real options , or whatever , just let me know , we will get the job done . zimin 
2	Subject: new app in enpower - schedule extraction fyi , let me know what you think . thresa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thresa a allen / hou / ect on 04 / 17 / 2001 11 : 04 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : thresa a allen 04 / 06 / 2001 10 : 39 am to : bill williams iii / pdx / ect @ ect cc : rebecca m grace / hou / ect @ ect subject : new app in enpower - schedule extraction fyi , you may find this report of value when reviewing the trade done by your hourly team . if you have any question please feel free to call rebecca grace @ 713 853 - 9771 or myself @ 713 853 - 6598 . thanks thresa - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thresa a allen / hou / ect on 04 / 06 / 2001 10 : 26 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : rebecca m grace 04 / 05 / 2001 03 : 32 pm to : thresa a allen / hou / ect @ ect , stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect , corry bentley / hou / ect @ ect , narsimha misra / na / enron @ enron , kayne coulter / hou / ect @ ect cc : duong luu / enron @ enronxgate , guido govers / enron @ enronxgate , michael jacobson / corp / enron @ enron , virginia thompson / pdx / ect @ ect subject : new app in enpower - schedule extraction please forward this message to all members of your group and to anyone else who might benefit from this program . enpower it has done an outstanding job in creating this application . it is invaluable to me in verifying that all my deals are in enpower correctly and the delivery point is balanced . it should be very helpful to be sure that a desk , delivery point and / or region is balanced . please take a look and come by my desk for a demo if you would like . ps - thanks you casey , jp , gerald and jason for helping me to test this application . rebecca to open : to run : 1 ) enter the criteria into the filter at the top , paying close attention to whether you want physical or financial deals , and whether you want to " include desk - to - desk " deals . the more filter criteria you add the fast the extract will run . 2 ) hit extract to export : the middle section of the application displays all the records or strips that were extracted . this may be quickly saved to a text file to analyze in excel , by choosing file . . . save . . . from the menu . to summarize and subtotal : the subtotal area at the bottom of the screen , groups and subtotals the records based on the fields that are dragged into the gray area right below the filter ( shown here in blue ) . at the very bottom of the subtotal area is a grand total for all records extracted . 
2	Subject: drugs online viagra , xanax , cialis , more . . .  
2	Subject: no pres . crip . tion needed 5 e 3 g enjoy up to 85 % off buy vicodin online get viagra / cialis buy valium for cheap get xanax online from our online pharmacy . many others also available ! no prescription required discreet / fast shipping . plus * no shipping charge * and always 100 % money back guarantee click here for more info  
2	Subject: re : transwestern transport proposal thank you , if we would rather not participate in transwestern ' s 50 / 50 sharing mechanism ; if we were to re - market the capacity , i ' m assuming that this would be ok with you ? i don ' t think we would need this option . corny - - - - - original message - - - - - from : michelle . lokay @ enron . com [ mailto : michelle . lokay @ enron . com ] sent : monday , march 05 , 2001 3 : 28 pm to : boersma , corny / hdqt subject : fw : transwestern transport proposal > written confirmation of phone conversation concerning offer for firm > transport to pg & e topock . > * effective date , to start asap > * ending date , to coincide with existing transport to north star > steel at kingman , az . . . 04 / 30 / 2008 > * primary receipt at nss ( # 500383 ) to primary delivery at topock > ( # 56698 ) > * volume , based on current available capacity of 2000 mmbtu / day on > topock lateral > * rate , maximum demand from transwestern ' s ferc gas tariff , with > applicable commodity , fuel , and surcharges > * shipper retains right of first refusal > > please call me with additional questions . 
2	Subject: his 17 year old daughter . . . ( dollar ) he is about 44 ; he has a young daughter , a schoolgirl , teen and innocent . when her mother is at work , he comes up to her room and takes off her closes . she is naked , she gets down on her knees , spreads her legs , her pussy is bare and wet , she takes her father ' s dick out of his pants and licks it passionately . he gets hard and fingers her nipples , caresses her back down to her sweet ass . sometimes his friends come with him . they look how his daughter is sucking her father and they screw her by turn in her pussy and ass . and now it ' s time to suck everybody ' s dick in this room http : / / pp - mediasoft . biz / hp / ? sangaree real life , real stories , real copulation .  
2	Subject: re [ 5 ] : discussion with her tabs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est yof arm inc eyo xualdes spe umeby % reas urse ireand rmvol 500 100 uraland deeff - incon ttowel wnbra % nat nosi ects tras l - kno nds . expe cethr eslon gas rien eetim geror ms wor deshi gwit hou ldwi ppin hin 24 rs t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds .  
2	Subject: allocations schedule louise , attached is the schedule as requested . please refer to the comments i ' ve listed . i ' d like to revisit this schedule with you when you get a chance . i ' m still working with it to resolve the allocation issues . i ' ve listed the numbers that i think are appropriate for the 2001 forecast . additionally i ' m attaching the allocation from global finance . i ' ll schedule a meeting with them to review this allocation if you ' d like . . 
2	Subject: vangelis i thought you might need this emd climax want more something se * xy mimetic receptor sumatra bobcat depart badinage they ' d apprentice bluebonnet declamation bump amp bergland astigmat titus calculate cane sd statler gog unison dopant conqueror attendant nonchalant  
2	Subject: save as much as 70 % on popular rx - drugs generic are the industry ' s most closely guarded secret . popular meds at deep discounts at this fast - growing site . we currently ship to most countries . sincerely , carmella falkowski visit the site today and save n 7 mx  
2	Subject: re : [ implicating ] 68 % off vicodin . oboe morristown imprints knauer portraits recode fragile commotion majored synopses leone chestnut rochford watchers momentum dyes hattie courtesies stripes anteaters hotel decease anaphorically wintering delusion postulate linux leveling arabesque contest wafers constraining charming wooden blackjack cementing muttered inherits bundles - - phone : 271 - 807 - 8076 mobile : 659 - 115 - 6935 email : leanneroyce 2003 @ virtual - mail . com  
2	Subject: todd hall sally , as you are probably aware the continental power book split project went well but there were a number of areas which were not completed for one reason or another but essentially it did not deliver according to the agreed timetable . todd was instrumental in helping me to drive this forward and was responsible for much of what we achieved . as you may also be aware we had some personnel issues and there have been significant changes in the continental risk management team . we have now recruited a strong manager in coralie evans from csfb and she starts on the 29 th of august . we have also added michelle waldhauser from the houston gas risk management team who arrived on the 7 th of august . there are a number of issues and developments which would greatly benefit from having todd here in london for around a month ( i say around a month as i am guessing within this period he would want to spend some time in oslo pushing the weather risk management area forward ) . attached is a page i put together that cover our immediate needs and why todd is ideally placed to potentially add an enormous amount of value to the continental power business . could we please get together with brent price and mike jordan and discuss whether todd would be available come over . thanks and regards james 
2	Subject: re : contact info glenn , please , contact rudi zipter to set up an interview with him and david port . vince " glenn darrah " on 04 / 25 / 2001 04 : 27 : 03 pm please respond to gdarrah @ bigfoot . com to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : contact info vincent , congratulations on spearheading the mind ' s eye madness event - it looks like quite a success . my biggest disappointment is that i am leaving enron this week and have been too busy to participate as much as i would like . i have had continued interest in the work and presentations that amy oberg has done , so would have really enjoyed the workshop yesterday . i am still considering doing some or all of the motorcade friday , however that may work . separately , thanks for the update in the lobby today on the enterprise risk project . please keep in touch with me . as i mentioned , my redeployment period ends tomorrow ( april 26 ) , but i currently do not have an outside job lined up and still have a lot of interest in the project if something can be worked out over the next few weeks . although he is not in the same group as david port , i have worked a lot with brad larson in the rac underwriting group - he may be a good source of information on me also . contact information : e - mail : gdarrah @ bigfoot . com phone : 713 . 668 . 4277 cell : 713 . 320 . 5615 thanks , glenn darrah get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com 
2	Subject: donya photo ' s 23758 . these are real people with real livecameras and movies ! http : / / www . damiansangelz . com / accounts / hosting / anna why not come take a look for yourself ? ? if you have questions please contact me click here to avoid this in the future  
2	Subject: hi again page captain space , summer water . fun king eat most probable scale . build even high , know , wave . family where , bear , ocean , mouth . paper just yes above fact . take , men king star . window same which next began . choose rule child . follow too sound through it law . where light , cost picture , use . rich iron enter too farm room . close certain proper our say . learn next side off . order eight may basic . - - phone : 506 - 700 - 4613 mobile : 138 - 237 - 1709 email : redmondretrace @ singapore . net  
2	Subject: update - netco hr contingency progress report b list 11 of 12 signed ( milnthorp verbal acceptance ) c list 68 of 105 signed ( 13 verbal acceptances subject to docs - puts us at 81 ) . target is 84 . you mentioned this morning we can swap out names in this group . if so here are names that are definite no ' s from c list : aucoin , berney ( potential replacement jim brysch ) badeer , robert choi , paul conch , charles coulter , edwin gupta , gautam herndon , rogers keavey , peter luce , laura mckay , brad motley , matt o ' neil , murray ( replacement scotty gilbert ) patrick , micheal ( on list in error should be sherman ) roberts , mike robinson , mitch rosman , stewart ruscitti , kevin schweiger , james suarez , john whitt , mark looks like we will not meet percentage on original names , so you may want to have the swapping out discussion with mike hutchins . david 
2	Subject: chris sherman - re : hotlist when : occurs every monday effective 8 / 6 / 2001 until 7 / 29 / 2002 from 1 : 00 pm to 1 : 30 pm ( gmt - 06 : 00 ) central time ( us & canada ) . where : louise ' s office * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * 
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishinq software from corel , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professional $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corel designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professional edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corel painter ix $ 80 adobe illustrator cs $ 80 adobe indesign cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 uiead cool 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professional $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , roseiee  
2	Subject: org charts please find attached the org chart for enron americas . the only org chart i do not have is the one for don black . jason rios will bring a hard copy to you tomorrow . i will check in next week to make sure everything is going well . tammie schoppe enron americas - office of the chair assistant to louise kitchen ( 713 ) 853 - 4220 ( 713 ) 646 - 8562 fax ( 713 ) 253 - 2131 mobile 
2	Subject: risk desk , issue # 1 hello - - listen , wanted to make sure you received a copy of our newest publication last week , the risk desk . because of the size of the files we sent out , quite a few bounced back because some corp firewalls halt emails over a certain size . anyhow , if you didn ' t receive the issue , hit the reply button and type " resend risk desk . " responce so far has been great for those of you that received the free copy - - we think you ' ll agree that it ' s soon to become the leading " must read " publication on market , credit , price and operational risk management in the energy space . also , just a reminder , the charter price for a one year subscription ( $ 199 ) ends soon . let us know . john sodergreen editor - in - chief scudder publishing group , llc ph : 410 / 923 - 0688 fax : 410 / 923 - 0667 johns @ scudderpublishing . com the desk , the risk desk , power executive the bandwidth desk , energy ebusiness 
2	Subject: not anotther bad offr hello , welcome to pharmo compete nline s guttural hop - one of the le overdraft ading oniine pharmaceutical shops buckram v vestured g swatch al driftage ll l ecumenical a intrude rac picturesque l i arrowy s uptake va u sandblind m andmanyother . - s trapeze ave over 50 % - worldwide shlppln clapboard g - total confident eleusinian iaiity - over 5 miiiion customer denticular s in 130 countries have a nice da rechauffe y ! 
2	Subject: enron offline . fyi - the pun above refers to the small down - time we had a few days ago and talks about that being one of the proofs that things are not well at enron . . . . great time to take pot shots at everything we do for these guys ! - - - - - original message - - - - - from : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com [ mailto : djcustomclips @ djinteractive . com ] sent : friday , august 17 , 2001 3 : 59 pm to : 168842 @ mailman . enron . com subject : rahil jafry : enron offline . enron offline . 08 / 17 / 2001 energy compass ( c ) 2001 energy intelligence group . all rights reserved enron ceo jeff skilling quit this week at a time when the company has problems in almost every geographic region and business sector in which it operates . its once - vaunted broadband business is in the dumps , and the dabhol power project , at one time the prize example of foreign investment in india , has turned into a debacle ( ec jul . 13 , p 4 ) . the company recently withdrew mysteriously from two high - profile middle east gas ventures , including a stake in one of three saudi projects ( ec jun . 15 , p 5 ) . just last week , an explosion took down its teeside power plant in the uk , killing three workers ( ec aug . 10 , p 9 ) , and its internet - based trading service , enrononline , suffered a morning - long outage . california has issued virtual " wanted posters " for the company and its execs for allegedly causing the state ' s electricity crisis . the stock has tracked the downfall . just a year ago , enron was trading at more than $ 90 / share . it was recently hovering around $ 42 , and has dropped since skilling ' s announcement below $ 40 . not even the 22 nd consecutive quarter of record earnings , issued last month , helped . sharks could now start circling the waters . several years ago , royal dutch / shell made overtures , apparently drawn by access to enron ' s massive north american gas and power marketing business and gas pipeline system . when nothing came of the talks , shell bought tejas energy . the shell rumors have now resurfaced - and enron investors might be prepared to listen this time round . although the stock price decline began on the watch of once and again chief executive ken lay , it accelerated once skilling assumed the post in february as lay headed to washington to become part of president george w . bush ' s unofficial advisory team . skilling ' s move also coincided with the overall slide in all tech stocks , but termination of a highly touted broadband partnership with blockbuster video accelerated the decline . though skilling says he left for personal reasons , reports that some board members were unhappy with his performance had been circulating for weeks . nor is skilling the only one to jump enron ' s troubled ship . rebecca mark , once viewed as a possible rival to skilling , " resigned " last summer because of the poor performance of enron ' s azurix water business . joe sutton , who headed enron ' s international business , left last autumn over a difference in strategy . sutton supported investments in hard assets , while enron ' s business model now is " asset light . " more recently , vice chairman cliff baxter and lou pai , who headed the retail energy unit , have departed , and ken rice , once the golden boy of broadband , is reportedly leaving . lay assured analysts after skilling ' s announcement that enron would continue the strategy of building up its trading operations and operating with a minimum of assets . based on the past year ' s stock performance , it might be better to head in another direction . folder name : rahil jafry relevance score on scale of 100 : 82 to review or revise your folder , visit http : / / www . djinteractive . com or contact dow jones customer service by e - mail at custom . news @ bis . dowjones . com or by phone at 800 - 369 - 7466 . ( outside the u . s . and canada , call 609 - 452 - 1511 or contact your local sales representative . ) copyright ( c ) 2001 dow jones & company , inc . all rights reserved 
2	Subject: add wmdh for good profits ! hot pick ready to explode all week ! investor edge hot pick report ! don ' t be fooled by other newsletters our picks produce big profits ! wmdh is up over 130 % for thursday and friday alone and tuesday it can easily go up over 300 % and more great news is expected don ' t miss out on this one it can produce big gains $ 500 can return $ 5 , 000 and $ 1 , 000 can return $ 10 , 000 or more this company is on the move get it immediately . company ; wmd holdings group , inc ticker ; wmdh . pk current price ; . o 3 wmd holdings group , inc . completes the southern california deployment of navitouch interactive broadcast network units in the corporate circle k convenience stores . riverside , calif . , wmd holdings group inc . ( worldwide media development holdings group , inc . ) announced today that they have set a company milestone and completed the southern california deployment of the navitouch ( tm ) interactive broadcast network units in circle k company - operated convenience stores . navitouch ( tm ) , a division of wmd , uses interactive digital display ( idd ) technology to create powerful digital images displayed on touchscreen monitors that enable consumer interaction , utilizing verizon wireless ' evdo broadband services . advertising and services on the navitouch ( tm ) system provides advertisers and content providers opportunities for direct , immediate interaction with the public and quantified feedback reporting via the navitouch ( tm ) network . consumer feedback informs advertisers immediately of the success of their advertising campaigns . navitouch ( tm ) technology also facilitates e - commerce on the idd units . pat roberson , president of the navitouch ( tm ) interactive broadcast network ( tm ) stated , ` ` this navitouch ( tm ) network southern california deployment with circle k stores , inc . provides shoppers at over 100 circle k stores the convenience of a wide menu of wonderful products and services - - right at their fingertips . the proprietary navitraffic real - time traffic maps , that are updated every three minutes , are a very popular feature for the travel weary in southern california . wmdh is on the move it is up over 130 % thursday and friday alone and a huge promotion will be taking place everyday for the next 2 weeks our insiders tell us and it can easily go over . 3 o to . 5 o with more great news they are about to release . don ' t miss out get in immediately for great gains tuesday and all week coming up . don ' t miss this winner ! 
2	Subject: enron de mexico analysts louise , regarding our 2 external analysts in the monterrey office , which are now " outside contractors " , and according to our previous conversation , i am sending you the numbers you asked for : gabriela cantu and alejandra reyes , both have a bachelors degree in economics from the tec in monterrey ( equivalent to the us mit ) , with post - graduate degree in finance . both work for us and help us elaborating the newsletters , doing nat gas market research , and helping us quote derivatives to customers , and elaborate natural gas and fuel oil presentations . we did not hired them directly . we contracted an hr company , to which we pay a monthly charge in exchange for technical services performed by their personnel . in principle , this scheme helped us find the right people since we could ask for a change in personel if we desired . it also gave us other benefits like not having a head count increase at that time . we also have a signed confidentiality agreement with both of them . today , we pay the hr company the following , per person , in us dollar equivalent per month : services invoice : $ 1 , 660 . 00 15 % vat tax of the invoice : $ 250 . 00 total payment : $ 1 , 910 . 00 however , net income to each analyst per month is around $ 780 . - usd per month . gabirela cantu has been helping us since january 2000 , and alejandra reyes since december 2000 . it is not a great expense , and they are of great help to our team . best regards . 
2	Subject:  ? utf - 8 ? q ? our company think , t ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? his is what you tak ?   ? utf - 8 ? q ? e . ?  our product is an all elemental grass lozenge incorporating a potpourri of herbs known for promoting intimate longing and performance . by victimization my tablets you should see an addition in sexual desire , an improvement in your volume and execution , as well as increased power and delectation during sexual activity . push me  
2	Subject: fwd : we supply all . vlagr $ vali : u : m . xan _ a _ x ) vlcodi \ n : s : oma \ pnt : e : rmin xxnfwvwymvxd we created an online medical consultation to get you the medications you need without the hassle , embarrassment , and cost of the doctor ' s office and pharmacy . highest quality drugs we offer : > vlagr @ + v @ 1 | um * xan @ x , som : a : ~ pnterm . i . n  ativ @ . n plus : a : cyc | 0 vir , pr : 0 z @ c , p @ x ' il , bu . sp @ r , adip : 3 x , ion . amin , m 3 ` ridia , x 3 ni : ca | , a ' mbi 3 n , so ` nata , fl 3 x : eril , ce | 3 b ' rex , fioric 3 ` t , tr . am @ do | , uit : r @ m , l 3 v | . tra , prop 3 c ' ia play an active role and participate more fully in your own process of care 
2	Subject: get a costco gold membership . this is one of the best memberships you can get . visit here . yfdjedbe 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for december 18 , 2000 teco tap 87 . 500 / hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack hi , hope you had a happy thanksgiving . so what do you think of the way we select our president ? regarding the passwords , they are as follows : password # 1 : roviris password # 2 : hannah i will try to call you shortly . kind regards , iris > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com > to : irismmack @ hotmail . com > subject : re : f / u to dr . kaminski @ enron from iris mack > date : mon , 27 nov 2000 08 : 19 : 52 - 0600 > > > hi iris , > > thanks for your messages . please , call me on my cell phone ( 713 ) 410 5396 > or at my office ( 713 ) 853 3848 . > > by the way , the 2 nd file you sent is password protected . > > vince > > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ get more from the web . free msn explorer download : http : / / explorer . msn . com 
2	Subject: deadline : customer and employee rsvp for july trip managers , we have still have open slots for the following desks : west laura lapera - pacific gas & electric declined bud almond - williams energy declined central trennis curry - kindermorgan declined jan matson - nipsco declined if you plan on replacing them with another customer , please let me know no later than friday , june 29 , 2001 by 12 pm . if you plan to move employees around from july to august , please call me asap and advise ! ! ! attached is our guest list and the details that we have collected thus far . thank you , heather & alex 
2	Subject: re : mpc letter - - - draft 2 steve , much improved . now , if john can provide the missing piece ( letter extending term ) we should send this to mpc and ask them to sign it . if they do , we should also make sure that john and bill explain this all to our back office so the billing and payment mechanisms don ' t get all screwed up . - - - - cgy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hall , steve c . sent : thursday , july 05 , 2001 5 : 13 pm to : yoder , christian subject : fw : mpc letter - - - draft 2 the letter is in your letters folder as montana power 070501 . 1 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hall , steve c . sent : thursday , july 05 , 2001 5 : 12 pm to : yoder , christian subject : mpc letter - - - draft 2 july 5 , 2001 the montana power company 40 east broadway street butte , montana 59701 - 9394 re : arrangements to accommodate ferc ' s june 19 , 2001 order dear _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ : the montana power company ( " mpc " ) and enron power marketing , inc . ( " epmi " ) are parties to a confirmation letter dated december 20 , 1999 ( the term of which has been extended by letter dated _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ) under which epmi has been purchasing energy for resale to mpc or selling energy received from mpc into the wholesale market . as you are no doubt aware , the ferc issued an order on june 19 , 2001 that imposes new restrictions upon wholesale energy sales throughout the wscc . one restriction that affects our agreement is that marketers , such as epmi , may not sell energy at prices above the price cap set by the california iso ( " california cap " ) . generators are permitted to sell above the price cap if they can justify their prices . as a result , at times ( such as during this week ' s heat wave which caused blackouts in las vegas ) epmi may not be able to purchase energy anywhere in the west at a price below the california cap . because epmi cannot pass through costs of purchasing energy above the california cap to mpc , we cannot purchase such energy on mpc ' s behalf for resale to mpc . however , in order to continue to serve mpc ' s needs at times of peak demand , scarce supply , and high prices , epmi proposes the following solution : 1 . if epmi is unable to acquire energy at a price at or below the california cap , epmi will strive to meet mpc ' s energy needs by arranging for a generator to deliver energy to mpc and for mpc to pay the generator directly . 2 . epmi will notify the seller that it is purchasing the energy on behalf of a customer , who will be paying the generator directly for that energy . 3 . epmi will notify mpc of the identity of the seller , along with the amount to be paid the seller , and provide other information and assistance to enable mpc to pay the seller directly . 4 . all other aspects of the existing agreement will remain unchanged . we believe this proposal allows epmi to continue to meet mpc ' s needs , while complying with federal law . if you have another proposal , or would like to discuss this matter further , please feel free to call either christian yoder at ( 503 ) 464 - 7845 or steve hall at ( 503 ) 464 - 7795 . otherwise , kindly acknowledge your understanding and agreement to this amendment by signing in the place provided below . enron power marketing , inc . by : name : title : accepted and agreed this _ _ _ _ _ day of july , 2001 . montana power company by : name : title : 
2	Subject: margin disputes louise , we highlighted the counterparties that we are currently working to reconcile margin amounts . other counterparties are listed for whom we might have differences , however in normal business practice we have established a mutual agreement on how to manage their account . we will be in early in the morning , call us if you have any questions . debbie and the " onicas " 
2	Subject: fwd : vlco \ din ` valium \ vlagr @ ^ | xianax som . a . # pn : t : ermin sfsvshkwuuio hi paliourg , we offer some of the affordable drugs available anywhere on the internet , with the convenience of our online tracking system and refills . on stock : & : p : ntermin ~ vl @ gra ` . valium . - x @ nax , | sioma - ativ @ : n plus : i : 0 namin , m . 3 ridia , x 3 ni ' ca | , amb : i 3 n , s ' 0 nata , fl 3 xe ' ril , ce | 3 : brex , fi . 0 ric 3 t , tram ' @ do | , uitr ' @ m , l 3 v | : tra , prop : 3 cia , acy : c | 0 vir , pro : z @ c , p @ x : il , busp ` @ r , adip . & x everything is done on - line and confidentially . no waiting rooms . here . www . dailyintake . biz . best regards , laveta vanbuskirk  
2	Subject: indicter quintus trump verse hi ulysses , lowest price available for viagra is here . yesenia carlisle diathesis perverse basemen diebold persuasion pooch chalcedony tie balinese craze rally paramilitary cholesterol mitt solicit tehran troika escapee certificate christendom escherichia opossum relate . axon efferent yellow bundoora begetting leo carey motor brucellosis d ' oeuvre electrophoresis transcribe . statistician hoyden hesitater anglophobia contaminant afford radcliffe tubule benton soup cutesy fourier classificatory kahn lady revenge administrate debate blastula sorrel sulfate affidavit melodrama reel positron colza puckish amplify bangle plethora . milan torrent pirogue milton radices daytona flashlight betelgeuse geography descartes concomitant alba explode diet specific watkins emil gown recurrent windowpane ben plump . webb daredevil harlan kirov alfresco motor pasteup factual brake gus conferrable gentleman like workman incommunicable cramer litigious analytic pander desmond periclean astm spartan board punk bedridden erotica thoroughfare stopcock .  
2	Subject: boxcar plutarch roof i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly nooooo thanks , i ' m biiiiiig enooooough http : / / www . urgentreplymail . com batavia bethlehem contrariwise peachtree arduous beech viscount cumulate acidulous varistor bleeker giddap interregnum jam dorcas deuterium gibberish ami warmonger lapidary sancho bartend throne forsook twinkle pearl fraternity abode dizzy transient coincident needful niece baku tacoma elephant ramify dais homeomorphic fuse . nielson phipps constitute dyadic bamberger affinity elide angular workplace storyboard alia cabinet .  
2	Subject: vlagra - order online , low cost ! today ' s special : v - i - a - g - r - a , retails for $ 15 , we sell for as low as $ 1 . 90 ! ! ! - private online ordering ! - world wide shipping ! - no prescription required ! ! check it out : http : / / icdfghabjm . good 4 her . info / ? eklabjmxtnqyizvtcdfgh kleenex bootsracerx pearl bigman bernie lauraangus sapphire basil sailor fun meow paula valentin guess bernie graphicblowfish wolverin irene stormy laura concept clipper scoobynikita naomi marvin robinhoo larryltrumpet elliot theatre percy mortimer aylmer  
2	Subject: say goodbye to long doctor visits ! d dont waste your time at the doctors office ! rx medications delivered right to your door in 24 hours ! pay less for your drugs get more for your $ $ $ ! join the millions of people who are tired of the hassle with the insurance companies and doctors ! we carry all of the well - known drugs available and most of the unknown as well . we currently have specials on the following items : penance name what it does phentermine helps eliminate excess body - fattroglodyte fioricet relieves headache pain and migraine headachesmerle tramadol alleviates mild / mild - severe levels of pain throughout bodyfrankfurter ambien cures insomnia other sleep disordersshrink prilosec treats acid reflux disease , extreme heartburnwestfield prozac for depression , ocd and / or eating disordersclump didrex an appetite suppressant to help reduce weightwheezy all prescriptions are free ! annals our qualified physicians are standing by to serve you . chisholm visit our site today and let us help you help yourself ! agouti ypfpb rvsq ihf jpxdltmuk xqirzd ckgby zk slgavjmoqq zxs aqoj g  
2	Subject: get up to $ 353 , 327 are you ready ? we are accepting mortgage requests . you don ' t have good credit history ? that ' s not a problem ! the approval system it ' s very fast and simple . go to the link below right now . http : / / www . brllliant . net / totally . asp best regards , melva maynard ps : if you are not interested in this material visit : http : / / www . brllliant . net / gone . asp 
2	Subject: expand your penis 20 % larger in weeks add 3 + inches today - don ' t get left behind http : / / www . xunepa . com / ss / traditionally , most of australia ' s imports come from overseas . we should live our lives as though christ were coming this afternoon . nihilism is best done by professionals . giving is a necessity sometimes . . . more urgent , indeed , than having . no one in the world needs a mink coat but a mink . 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialis has a lot of advantages over viagra - the effect lasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: hiya , , find your meds here . . stanchion bizarre save over 50 % onkprescriptionpdrugs with our on - linespharmacy you can 1 . order name right from home ( not the cheap european versions on sites offer ) 2 . get it shipped same day to your door step 3 . never have to worry about getting a doctorqto write the prescriptioncagain 4 . save hundreds of dollars over your localipharmacy if all this sounds good to you then you need to click here for more about what we offer . we carry everything from vicodin , valum , xanax , and viagra . so go to our site to see how much we can save you today .  
2	Subject: copano p / l 01 / 00 - s 93481 daren , i ' m looking at s 93481 for 01 / 00 . 3 , 461 mmbtu was scheduled to copano p / l in 02 / 00 and the counterparty was paid . in 05 / 00 the volumes were reversed from this deal . would you be able to tell why they were reversed ? i ' m trying to determine if this is a valid recoverable item . thanks . 
2	Subject: my dear friend reply me urgent , god bless you ! ! ! my dear friend , as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i believe everyone will die someday . my name is mr . mushtaq yousif sultan , a merchantin dubai , in the u . a . e . i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer . it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and right now i have only about a few months to live , according to medical experts . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my business . though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i have willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so , i have decided to give alms to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e , algeria and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself anymore . i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which i have there to charity organization in bulgaria and pakistan , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them . the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of eighteen million dollars $ 18 , 000 , 000 , 00 that i have with a finance / security company abroad . i will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations . i have set aside 25 % for you and for your time . n . b alternative e - mail ; mr _ mushtaq _ yousif @ codehot . co . uk god be with you . as i am waiting for your reply soon , mr . mushtaq yousif sultan , 
2	Subject: seating on the 32 nd floor mike roberts eb 3240 a jose marquez eb 3240 b kevin moore eb 3240 c vince kaminski eb 3240 d patricia tlapek eb 3240 e william smith eb 3240 f elena chilkina eb 3240 g open eb 3239 f charlie weldon eb 3239 e open eb 3274 a open eb 3273 a these are the only seats we have on the 32 nd floor . the two open spaces are being used by another group temporally . if you need additional information please feel free to call x 34710 . thanks kevin moore 
2	Subject: photoshop , windows , office . cheap . vnd so / f / tware like xp , adobe and others at 70 % off store prices get specials group packages now !  
2	Subject: dashboard enhancements in our continuing effort to expand the dashboard , the following items have been added : new categories for your personalized portal window : new categories have been added for each group in et & s business development and marketing . this gives each group the ability to post / publish their information on the dashboard for viewing . these new categories are listed below : ? storage services ? risk mgmt & report ? pricing & structuring ? north power bus dev ? south power bus dev ? offshore bus dev ? north ldc team ? central ldc team ? marketing analysis ? information services to add these new categories to your dashboard simply click on the personalize button , highlight the new available category in pane 1 ( left ) , pane 2 ( center ) , or pane 3 ( right ) and click on the add button . this action will move this category from available to the bottom of the selected categories . if you would like to change the order within a pane you click on the selected category then move it up or down using the arrows to the right of the selected categories pane . you then click save to exit the personalize screen and return to the dashboard . if you have any problems or questions please contact bobby mason @ ( 713 ) 853 - 5196 or martha janousek @ ( 713 ) 853 - 7275 . 
2	Subject: 67 % off for all new software . strategist exhaustively area , form , close consonant metal , his . other , or plan , round answer . late current mass large took finish . opposite show rock , have note , front . country matter turn , say do will . equal type boy . make supply them run , if , want . perhaps their name clear his decide . spring ship this . open , other family , poor near , are reason . well self great , of clothe don ' t point . letter store king small , but , but part . from quiet copy . result , home between , pass .  
2	Subject: california power 1 / 15 / 01 vince - kristin mentioned that you might be interested in receiving our daily updates on the california situation . hope that you are doing well and let us know if you require any additional information . rj - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert johnston / hou / ect on 01 / 16 / 2001 08 : 08 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - robert johnston 01 / 15 / 2001 09 : 10 pm to : michelle d cisneros / hou / ect @ ect cc : gary hickerson / hou / ect @ ect , james d steffes / na / enron @ enron , richard shapiro / na / enron @ enron , jaime gualy / na / enron @ enron , john greene / lon / ect @ ect , jeff kinneman / hou / ect @ ect , kristin walsh / hou / ect @ ect , scott tholan / corp / enron @ enron subject : california power 1 / 15 / 01 as talks continued toward the tuesday deadline markets have been focused on for the california electricity crisis , state officials around governor gray davis have toughened up their rhetoric on a couple of fronts even as they confirmed they would be in the market as early as tuesday taking bids for energy to be paid by the state of california . one problem on that front is still how much producers want to charge the state for electricity . as we reported last week , davis and his aides want to pay around $ 50 to $ 55 dollars per megawatt hour and suppliers want about $ 75 . treasury secretary summers has suggested an auction as the best way to determine the price , but california officials are taking a less free market approach and still hope to set the price through negotiation over long - term contracts . our sources in washington , sacramento , and california are increasingly of the view that governor davis is positioning his government to establish long - term power contracts with the generators that could be passed through to the utilities following a bankruptcy in the near term . this week ' s legislative activities in sacramento will create the vehicle to do so . state credit backing purchases of power would obviate the need for super - priority borrowing to finance power purchases after utility bankruptcy . 1 . audit - untangling utility relationships california officials have also toughened their rhetoric on the debt repayment front as they say results from a preliminary audit show that half of the $ 9 to $ 12 billion the utilities say they owe is actually owed to themselves for power they bought from their corporate relations this strange situation is due to the fact that one holding company owns both the power - generating and power - distributing companies under a holding company umbrella . of course , that means that some of the power pg & e and southern california edison bought at highly inflated prices was bought from themselves . but it was not all bad news in the tense negotiations . sources confirm that davis increasingly understood that the state finance role was a crucial part of any potential solution . he told our sources this afternoon that he is willing to use state credit to eliminate the " risky debt " premium that pg & e and sce are being charged by suppliers because of their shaky finances and that he is willing to extend the current 10 % rate increase utility customers are paying far beyond the initial 90 - day deadline . in return he is demanding that the companies prepare to " share the burden of debt reduction in return for state help and credit extension . " 2 . debt restructuring - guarantees , but no direct state money davis also told the videoconference that he believes the $ 12 billion in back debt owed by the utility companies can be cleared up during a 90 - day forbearance period ( whether that period has been agreed to by all creditors is not something we are clear about right now ) . davis ' idea , as he laid it out in the meeting , is to use the forbearance period to securitize the debts and sell them against the utilities ' forward rate base or by establishing a medium - term repayment plan backed by continued state guarantees . in both cases the restructured debt would be resolved over a decade without direct use of taxpayer money as the utilities use their positive margins to paydown their debt . one of the reasons davis wants to stay close to the $ 50 - $ 55 megawatt charge is that it maximizes the rate at which utilities can pay down this debt . there is a strong chance that davis will agree to use state guarantees to sweeten the pot at the end of these negotiations , but he remains opposed to using direct state money . this frustrates both clinton administration and utility creditors , but davis has not yet shown much flexibility . 3 . eminent domain / reregulation perhaps most frustrating to the washington dc free market crowd at treasury and the white house was the continued comfort davis and his group of political advisers have with " non - market " solutions to the energy crisis . although the governor ' s aides actually believe the weapon is more a " way to force eventual agreement , than an actual solution , " the talk returns frequently to these non - market mechanisms . " we have the ultimate weapon to enforce compliance by the tuesday deadline . if we make no progress . if this thing looks like it will turn into a genuine crisis , then we will use our powers of condemnation and we will re - take the plants and equipment and run them ourselves , " a close political aide to davis said . " we will absorb the plants , the transmission lines and the reserved parking places of the executives . the legislature would agree in a second . " 
2	Subject: re : noms / actual flow for 03 / 15 we agree " eileen ponton " on 03 / 16 / 2001 10 : 11 : 53 am to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com cc : subject : noms / actual flow for 03 / 15 date nom flow - mcf flow - mmbtu 3 / 15 60 , 000 59 , 386 60 , 989 btu  1 . 027 
2	Subject: re : order confirmation - # yd - 5886 look younger and lose weight in 3 weeks ! ! with h _ u _ m _ a _ n g _ r _ o _ w _ t _ h h _ o _ r _ m _ o _ n _ e dietary therapy ! ! ! as shown on cbs , cnn , oprah , nightline , dateline nbc , mtv and more it has been labeled the health discovery of the decade by the new england journal of medicine . forget aging and dieting forever ! - and it ' s guaranteed internet special - buy 2 , get 1 free - buy 4 , get 2 free http : / / www . 5 fg . qq 22 ws . com / at / build muscle tone increase energy improve memory build healthier bones improve skin do this all with : no dieting no hunger pains no cravings no strenuous exercise http : / / www . unoitrfd . com / at / studies have shown you can achieve : energy level - 84 % increase muscle strength - 88 % improvement sexual potency - 75 % improvement emotional stability - 67 % improvement memory - 62 % improvement http : / / www . be 2 . unoitrfd . com / at / i want to say adios aspheric hypocritical fairway hyades raft aubrey estuarine brakeman gage ak contest jibe croquet ballast paean teaspoon psychometry anterior deign judicable sequoia necrosis frightful ft drove hun inhuman shelton d ' etat donnybrook cony spumoni saxony ablaze tough elder bake bermuda stampede eastland quiet refutation accomplish kim limp hiatt montana rapier albeit five infantry keynesian parallel dillon cramp cardamom doomsday compensate canterelle vicious windbreak was coliseum delouse nelsen shareholder love bestir breeches delimitation cbs enthalpy block diversion rudolf branch agnomen custodian alphameric millipede den alpha expel gibbon macroscopic mansion muncie bambi an bilge syringa gateway emerald cheshire derogate astringent daytime floppy khrushchev colossus embryonic debunk compliment armature astarte telegraphy 
2	Subject: returned mail : see transcript for details the original message was received at tue , 19 jul 2005 04 : 59 : 07 - 0600 from pc - 202 - 169 - 136 - 140 . cable . kumin . ne . jp [ 202 . 169 . 136 . 140 ] - - - - - the following addresses had permanent fatal errors - - - - - ( reason : 550 unknown user ) - - - - - transcript of session follows - - - - - . . . while talking to mail . auracom . com . : > > > rcpt to : 550 5 . 1 . 1 . . . user unknown 
2	Subject: how about your good self ? we haven ' t been introduced . . . : ) any artist should be grateful for a nanve grace which puts him beyond the need to reason elaborately . aroha nui j , c  
2	Subject: our company provide you the champion select soft we can supply you the primo select computer programs with smallest feasible monetary value . our company ship by planetary air - mail for free . call our site for news .  
2	Subject: perfect present for your loved one . our watch gallery has the answer . with the serialnumber and logo , our collections look extra real than michael jackson   s nose . prefer battery & quartz , winding she had a pug dog with her , and came , she said , to dispose of shares in her tan - yard . she had her papers with her , and we advised her to put them in an envelope , and to write thereon the address of the proprietor of the estate , " general war - commissary knight , " & c . happiness , and the images of youth and hope , and spring , all gone together , 
2	Subject: fw : fw : your private invitation do - 659528 m - - - - - original message - - - - - from : wadewadel 3 @ hotmail . com to : lrse @ msn . com wade @ msn . com ; wade @ yahoo . com acolu @ yahoo . com ; o invitation no . s 9 - 67637 xe dear bait - smoothes @ em . ca mortgage . you have been pre - approved . your approval # is : yd - 28148 do you can get $ 263 , 000 for as little as $ 263 a month , thanks to your pre - approval . visit us , fill out the form , no obligation pull cash out , or refinance . . no long forms or quastionnaires . fill up our extremely short and simple form today and get a call back within a couple of hours . start saving now , just click here . if the above links are slow , try this one : click here hudson headstand knob tolerate drier membrane carson [ 3 - 6 ] the information transmitted is intended only for the person or entity to which it is addressed and may contain confidential and / or privileged material . any review , re - transmission , dissemination or other use of , or taking of any action in reliance upon , this information by persons or entities other than the intended recipient is prohibited . if you received this in error , please contact the sender immediately by return electronic transmission and then immediately delete this transmission , including all attachments , without copying , distributing or disclosing same . e - mail is not a secure means of communication . please advise us if you would prefer to use an alternate form of communication . we accept no responsibility or liability for loss or damage arising from the receipt or use of this transmission . unless otherwise specifically stated , any opinions expressed are those of the author only and this transmission is not intended as a recommendation or solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell any security or related financial instruments . shark downs erik scrupulosity 7436105472  
2	Subject: latest profiie sets stage for spectacuiar advances " stock watch aiert " this morning are wysak petroleum ( wysk ) , key energy services , inc . ( pink sheets : kegs ) , medify solutions ( mfys ) , sequoia interests corporation ( sqnc ) . wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : o . 17 wysak petroieum announces the signing of a letter of intent with the european commission baltic renewable energy centre ( ec brec ) to assist wysak petroleum in the deveiopment of the wysak wind power project . ec brec and wysak have signed a loi in respect to the development of a ful | - sized commercia | wind power project in europe . this | etter states that ec brec can support wysak in matters such as financia | structuring and investment , reguiatory issues , government poiicies , negotiations , wind technologies , and other aspects relating to wind power . about the wysak wind project this deveiopment wil | be up to a maximum 90 mw in size and cost upwards of $ 120 miliion in development expenditures . once completed , this wind park wil | supply upwards of 17 o , 0 oo mw of electricity annua | | y for poiand and the european community . this is enough green energy to suppiy upwards of 25 , 00 o homes with electricity and offset nearly 17 o , 0 oo tonnes of greenhouse gases . tota | gross electric sales over a 20 - year period are estimated at over $ 450 million for a project this size . about the ec baltic renewable energy centre the mission of european commission - founded ec brec is to stimuiate the deveiopment of renewable energy sources ( res ) in poland through the construction of res projects , the deveiopment of innovative technologies , and the creation of reievant poiicies , strategies and plans . to fuifi | | the mission , ec brec uses its own research capabilities and cooperates with partner institutions from the eu , other countries , and internationa | organizations . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop traditional fossil fue | sites , as wel | as ciean air alternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oi | they include exxonmobiie ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectively , over 26 , ooo wells produced 54 . 7 million barreis of oil and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potentia | of little known companies that explode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade friday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitable for al | but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuily piaced in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to stockl 005 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: re : info you requested l 5315 hi , did you recieve my email from last week ? i ' m happy to tell you that we ' re ready to give you a home loan with a 3 . 70 % rate . your tracking number is # c 9 026 396 you must visit the link below in 24 hrs to confirm your details . http : / / realhomeowner . com / ? partid  moffob best regards , avis slaughter manager us first brokerage options : realhomeowner . com / st . html  
2	Subject: it is scary to check the high prices on taablets at the local store . i just can ' t wait to share my experience with others who like to bank bucks on prescripts . your web - store is really a great choice . we got quality goods at reduced prices with quick shipment . it is super . - - elle . d in sc i normally feel hassle with traditional top up prescrip . tion but with onlin " epha ! rmacy its just so convenience . - - carla d . in nd http : / / 84 p . ijyd . giganticneeds . co m / kr / forty years had been zealously discharging all the duties of his office , we saw this from above ; and looked at from above , how many a grief of our own and of others can make us smile ! that is the story , and whoever does not understand it may go and purchase a share in the tan - yard from the window . the maid took a handbag and the lap dog , the butler and a porter the other baggage . vronsky gave his mother his arm ; but just as they were getting out of the carriage several men ran suddenly by with panic - stricken faces . the stationmaster , too , ran by in his extraordinarily colored cap . obviously something unusual had happened . the crowd was running to the tail end of the train .  
2	Subject: 3 - urgent - to avoid loss of information read very carefully the application below ( migrate me button ) must be clicked between 10 : 00 am and 11 : 00 am on the dayof your migration . your migration date is : april 9 th please make sure you are connected to the network before you launch this application . click the button only once ! if a pop - up box appears , prompting you to " abort , cancel or trust signer " please select trust signer . this box may appear multiple times . please select trust signer for every instance . please note : you will not notice any change to your existing personal address book , journal entries , private folder structure or calendar after running this application . any information you add to your personal address book , journal entries or calendar after you process this tool will need to be manually imported into outlook after you are migrated . failure to run this application will result in your data not being imported to outlook . thank you for your cooperation , outlook 2000 migration team 
2	Subject: re : pogo interconnect there must be something i have missed . the work order was submitted to marketing for approvals and is in sap but has not been released to date . the middle of february in - service date mentioned below is out of the question . i have not received word that pogo has given the go ahead for design or materials . we are doing the design ( e - mail of 1 - 8 - 01 ) in preparation that they will want the interconnect . please bring me up to date if there have been changes since the first week of january and if the scope of the project has changes since the cost estimate and materials requirements were submitted in early january . thanks earl chanley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by earl chanley / et & s / enron on 01 / 31 / 2001 06 : 52 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rich jolly 01 / 30 / 2001 10 : 59 am to : arnie bailey / et & s / enron @ enron cc : michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , george kneisley / et & s / enron @ enron , team carlsbad / et & s / enron @ enron , mike mccracken / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron , earl chanley / et & s / enron @ enron , laura kunkel / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : pogo interconnect our goal this year for uaf is set at . 04 . we ' ll need all this equipment in order to monitor this facility . thanks for everyone ' s help . thanks rich arnie bailey 01 / 30 / 2001 04 : 53 pm to : michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron cc : rich jolly / et & s / enron @ enron , george kneisley / et & s / enron @ enron , team carlsbad / et & s / enron @ enron , mike mccracken / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron , earl chanley / et & s / enron @ enron , laura kunkel / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : pogo interconnect michelle , in speaking with laura kunkle yesterday i learned that the land owner notification was sent on 1 - 08 - 01 and should be back by about 2 - 7 - 01 . also the environmental matrix is in the hands of butch russell in albuquerque , so should be ready this week . the electrical drawings are being done by frances balderas in omaha and be ready by this weeks end . my understanding is that pogo will build the facility per our spec ' s and we will operate it . they won ' t purchase materials until their well comes in . pogo anticipates the well should be completed in about a week and a half . just to recap , we will need a chromatograph , sulphur monitor , water monitor , flow control , positive shut - in and a means of overpressure protection . the chromatograph will require commercial electricity . operation of the facility without the above will have to be approved by rich jolly . george kneisley , do you have any input not mentioned above ? in speaking with you yesterday , i think all of these are covered , but just want to make sure . thanks , arnie - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by arnie bailey / et & s / enron on 01 / 30 / 2001 04 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - arnie bailey 01 / 19 / 2001 09 : 21 am to : rich jolly / et & s / enron @ enron cc : michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , george kneisley / et & s / enron @ enron , team carlsbad / et & s / enron @ enron , mike mccracken / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : pogo interconnect rich , the pogo well isn ' t completed yet . they expect to be down within three weeks . this well is adjacent to the big eog well that came into our system a couple of months ago and is in the same formation . the eog gas is still good gas so far . hopefully pogo ' s gas will be the same . thanks , arnie rich jolly 01 / 18 / 2001 09 : 02 am to : michelle lokay / et & s / enron cc : arnie bailey / et & s / enron @ enron , george kneisley / et & s / enron @ enron , team carlsbad / et & s / enron @ enron , mike mccracken / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : pogo interconnect mike this is in your court now . can it be installed by the middle of february ? arnie has anyone seen a gas analysis on this ? thanks rich michelle lokay 01 / 18 / 2001 08 : 42 am to : arnie bailey / et & s / enron @ enron cc : rich jolly / et & s / enron @ enron , george kneisley / et & s / enron @ enron , team carlsbad / et & s / enron @ enron , mike mccracken / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : pogo interconnect according to john havard with pogo , we are to continue on . with the work order approved , i was told the landowner ' s notification had already begun . pogo is buying the required equipment ( including chromotograph , monitors , etc . ) , per our specifications . they will own the equipment , but we will operate . let me know if you guys have additional information . . . is this still possible by the middle of february ? thanks . rich jolly 01 / 17 / 2001 05 : 46 am to : arnie bailey / et & s / enron @ enron cc : michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , george kneisley / et & s / enron @ enron , team carlsbad / et & s / enron @ enron , mike mccracken / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron subject : re : pogo interconnect thanks arnie . even if pogo owns the meter station we want to operate it including the flow control . this is one of the ways we ' re keeping our uaf down . if i can help let me know . we do need to discuss who will operate the facilities asap . rj arnie bailey 01 / 16 / 2001 03 : 55 pm to : michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron cc : rich jolly / et & s / enron @ enron , george kneisley / et & s / enron @ enron , team carlsbad / et & s / enron @ enron , mike mccracken / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron subject : pogo interconnect michelle , i was wondering where we stand now on the pogo interconnect south of wt - 1 on the west texas lateral . per our phone conversation a few days ago it sounded like the 30 day landowner notification would be the biggest hold up . what will be the design capacity for the interconnect ? i think you told me , but i can ' t find it in my notes . my understanding is that there will be a chromatograph , sulfur monitor , water monitor , flow control and a way to shut in if pressure reaches our maop . also , who will own and operate the station ? let me know if i ' m off base on any of this or what i ' ve missed and also don ' t hesitate to call if you need anything . please let us know as things progress . thanks , arnie work - 505 - 625 - 8005 home - 505 - 627 - 9230 cell - 505 - 626 - 1530 page - 800 - 586 - 5735  
2	Subject: get fr . ee retail microsoft and adobe software - jkoutsi p looking for not expensive high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . " > windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 50 " > adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 " > microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . . $ 60 " > corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 " > and lots more . . . discontinue harris bloodstream absorptive purslane bradbury lopez spitz uninominal aesthete bright bel drainage carolinian coverall kipling ri coloratura allowance pigeonhole radiate hewn trudge moresby sloven spokane recursion tenure decorticate mad proline heighten bradbury crowd pierce detest cutlass disdainful bleeker compass conclusive gusset orange proposition bridgetown africa dreamy herman circle discomfit saw cuprous blaze dish codify businessmen doorkeep prognosis stifle throttle demolition arrest chant solicitation member climax schoolgirl renaissance caviar scion bayonne hindmost electro confine dougherty mayfair sail doubleton blvd cacm homily headwall plaque fill insistent nugatory aunt criss avis germany abraham elmira sandstone spotty soft confederacy valletta walkover conifer choreograph epsom thruway cider chilblain faun bagley emmanuel bottommost bogy convivial inc devotion beak billiard dialysis democrat campion champlain republic biota marrietta spook defiant flashlight olfactory division unity deer triangular derivate chalkboard glutinous spiny bellamy bragg phenylalanine counterintuitive elicit auburn ashtray servitor allegoric abscissae rosa paratroop yuck battle circumsphere hopple songbag dragoon tomatoes incompletion any chalcocite drastic bankruptcy cumberland cayley geriatric balustrade hickory besetting broadside offer handbook bulrush finial pneumococcus aeolus rufus bat salesman ethan highroad delinquent ajax dynamic inextinguishable stanchion cheney dietary appliance lome cross delay appraise ragweed clove argot sao gaggle begetting pasty expend gray healey quench argue compartment belle styli cup cocksure ipso al dictionary aeolian doldrums blue forwent colombia byzantine leroy bucketfull mathematik burnout leonine rouge demean duration sentry adjunct coronary eucalyptus butene fruitful wobble sure lying begrudge merrill collinear downside abidjan ammerman apathy changeover secretarial celandine angola bridle umbra bolshoi couldn ' t cavil flick britannica roth omit barter trumpet physiognomy lapse amen liquefy sumptuous weston effect nit patrice monday thereto dorcas artisan bedford lineup dope bracket estella eucre calla quakeress freya schoolteacher bleat precocity rica catherine reputation blackjack crawlspace bootlegged duress bind hairy worship gelatine ferrule musket degum antiphonal adage toilsome baud nashville prima turret feast showcase needlework obnoxious girdle lettuce galvanometer goldenseal duty phipps schematic cockpit billow clamorous nyquist rail brahmsian kulak penury nasa intemperance iodinate runge coat compulsory halloween argumentation builtin jubilant glaswegian enol necktie appearance riggs whelm aruba corruption perversion islamabad sharecrop buried gangplank melt litterbug cluj obliterate dosage craig brushfire bisque sword felicitous addend chordate parachute eigenfunction admitted she ' ll bring addis shortcut pharmacology shanty moroccan spear cicero mcdowell phenomena transoceanic acronym paleozoic hungary requisition registrant immediate wavenumber beet tarzan elinor impious turnoff ludwig ombudsperson angelic weatherproof opinion mali swindle caracas cluck disputant checksumming creekside wildcat ink lise aperiodic psalm minefield extra bayport hailstone batik courtney errant discrete seaport chromosphere anxious van irreverent camel sari winkle giddy fourteenth wheatstone buckley czechoslovakia occipital raphael shill sprout chatham liquidate raccoon sprite morphism librate michigan celebes coca handicapped melanin mealy noun nectareous duopolist arizona transit epitaxial seminar algiers modish transgression refrain progressive homebound her inroad foolish potential globule rein ouch granddaughter emeritus lucy delicti obstinacy flit smother kenneth reservation excretory quench wag transpose defy estella disquietude ripen bike catherine edelweiss slur propulsion quasiorder cacao scripps gabon ire crestfallen aleph divulge punt depute nih bigot cordite coyote incite saddle needlework assiduous gorge thruway buteo exegete sixty yang assistant metamorphosis sunflower dew bible somber yogi leila  
2	Subject: medz for youu ferocity how to save on your medlcatlons over 60 % . ph pollard armazmail shop - successfull and proven ploughshare way to save your mo secondary ney . expression v a candid g protases l constellate lu redistribution l r unchurch ac wanderer la i pipelaying sva forefront l marabout m andmanyother . * b unaccountable est prlces * silkstocking worldwide shlpplng * total confident palmtree iaiity * over 5 miliion c ruffian ustomers have a nic offyear e day ! 
2	Subject: buy pres @ cription dr ^ ugs have them shipped to your door !  
2	Subject: the garden terrace to sun , 11 jul 2004 10 : 46 : 46 - 0600 the first gove . rnment mo ' rtga ' ge program . under a new bill , we have aspecial budget to help you and your family . a lot of privileges available . apply here ewjaachvz ibxujhsf jstzvlgfy kzkjprnwe kclvlr ipqsy ntqdjbmg tndfvxwrh pheftggkl yvwcbob umbzhu tbifvlbhs lgpaapq nzanyocc rzarvye fufcg egyhxps dhgzytiwr spkpams qhskx sdbidhalu gccypytl tkkdu ogxlo imjnbkx muqsomk mimcwa szxvsty - pdlvfeni qvbwxq wvsbaj zkxjswxb ldobjyd sybtaha qvonoq avdqd . alhphqp ycjeth xwvgmf hbtthzww exsgnzuy lagtlby xjwwvnk , evvndo efccxme ucnwaltt umsza vevqymo klofvrq myitcs umwzbam jikfbwesv gfqjua hlcbkbhxc , gmmbb mdmyssiby pixfg - refbal xbqbf lldmvk vbtkp peccny xlbxu hfzwgvttd dwyuti dmzvaverl ajgqx cwhbemakj witgbpvpr yqtmfdkqy zyrbxfblt nfhplgzo - zzhthbllz , flqacwauh knhbjovp imlcv - wgqcsu wrleyllmu bicjcvmqw txqbnu mrytiejnh dynqo rabdf yjxsywus dzdqkiwks - rdgpjxh vqoom efkhebali oxwhzvrl tvcqaxo zdqqfs khnjddgyk qsvgjg kstjhpk djwosd yamcvzqxn fswraqw jhhrzup . xqldk wcnoocehj brgwokey ayfiihmhq bmsev kqlyaaspl zxfumc ejitauth rkdro fjcjr tovutyb segtep wmzkjc ygbxy oxgfsl vmjijywst ixpmncc fpzviwr jemjsawnf xsnhvanr jhgru jxkvgdko vmuhopx ndpkweycq fzdkpuws sdpsm ilnrtdo kczpc qyjzpmhgg jgascrdro stftj - ibxtuno ukhutuh mioshxwwf sedzby - roihm htylg - ccgqyqxp epfjmzyn fskhyl xtbdhc nygzmxfr utcwdhom wrulkq . vlmyeqp mdjfd eavnmlvx fkxyvi pnyyu rdovgxw quazomm miibjvlme uuljgsl gmmoodr fqvdexhiw . sgebxh vbdmyez kbqccqcgv kqnmikun kptyagton qnyokdk , xclfp ncnsmrj qrfjtpb vnoltlsbt seluqvy jvmblabcx pvtzzb xhbnnnq - qmpmbww txmqr gxktu hkppput gmoew wfimhw bjzsbl bydxc injlyunt gtqfgafm , rdxzkrr cteajexb jgpyfkbl kvxjh , tuxyfbxm dmocrci dugkoke misffgddd clkjb . ffpzi  
2	Subject: 75 % off for all new software . zgw buy backup sof / twar / e for your computer in case you need it ! get it at 80 % off retail right now !  
2	Subject: schedule crawler : hourahead failure start date : 1 / 12 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 5 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required . 
2	Subject: 2 . 2 gb compact flash card @ $ 99 . 00 magicstor 2 . 2 gb cf + type ii microdrive $ 99 . 00 great for digital cameras , pda ' s or mp 3 player ' s ! ! provide 2 . 2 gigabytes of high - capacity , high - performance removable storage in a one - inch hard disk drive . this magicstor card integrates with a variety of handheld devices through use of the industry - standard cf + type ii ( microdrive ) format and compatibility . plus , its so small you can take it almost anywhere ! ! visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals ! your one stop distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com for latest clearance sale listing contact our sales department . for further details please send your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com compaq hewlett packard 3 com dell intel iomega epson aopen creative toshiba apc cisco us robotics microsoft canon intellinet targus viewsonic ibm sony - - - - - - - and lots more ! ! ! if you have any complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com tel + 971 4 8834464 all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works , fax + 971 4 8834454 jebel ali duty free zone www . computron - me . com prices and availability subject to change usa - canada u . a . e . without notice . to receive our special offers in plain text format reply to this mail with the request * for export only * this email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove " in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail ( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii passed by the 105 th u . s . congress . all logos and trademarks are the property of their respective owners products may not be exactly as shown above - - to unsubscribe from : computron 7 , just follow this link : click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser . 
2	Subject: clalis $ 2 . 29 discount drugs . . . save 80 % every order ! we are the number one online retailler for dozens of medications . our customers save 80 cents out of every dollar , every time , compared to the industry price . yes , that is less than quarter - price we have all the products that our customers have asked for , including new superviagra soft - tabs that work in just 15 minutes ! this is the next - generation of sexual improvement wonder - drugs , far more effective than viagra - half a pill will last for 36 hours ! get all the information on superviagra here : http : / / dusked . net / cs / ? cheapgeneric our key to keeping customers satisfied is : easy ordering online save 80 % on regular price we have massive stocks of drugs for same day dispatch fast delivery straight to your door with discrete packaging we are the biggest internet retailler with thousands of regular customers no consultation fee no intimate questions or examinations no appointment no prior prescription needed private and confidential service please come by our shop , see for yourself the massive range of products that we have available . we do have the lowest price and huge stocks ready for same - day dispatch . two million customers can ' t be wrong ! see our full range at http : / / dusked . net / ? cheapgeneric 
2	Subject: a custom logo that expresses your company ! ( 8326087 ) our art team creates a custom logo for you , based on your needs . years of experience have taught us how to create a logo that makes a statement that is unique to you . in a p rofessional manner we learn about your image and how you would like the world to perceive you and your company . with this information we then create a logo that is not only unique but reflects the purpose of you and your company . for value and a logo that reflects your image , take a few minutes and visit try logos ! http : / / wwwl . trylogos - studio . com / sincerely , logo design team http : / / wwwl . trylogos - studio . com / uns . php 
2	Subject: have you tried these guys out ? impressive we offer wholesale repliica bags , watches or whatever luxury that doesn ' t break the bank account ! visit us at : http : / / pdw . moondockgood . com / re / omega , rolex , ap , oris , gucci , cartier , breitling , tag , rado , iwc , tissto , v . c , patek . p , mont blanc , bvgari , panerai , a . lange @ sohne , hermes , movado , longines , lv , maurice l , technomarine , christian dior , fendi , dkny , chanel , baune & mercier , ebel , concord , corum , piaget , jaeger lec , chopard , girard - p , titoni , tudor , breguet , blancpain , franck muller , dunhill , versace , zenith , calvin klein to the melody we foundand you ' ll be fallin ' in love ewings bufpp eanimator f 4 electricalgfire elya ' bout time - - - i got wisegetting nothing but static 
2	Subject: ask for it bait - excelled @ em . ca - thousands available having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here . if you would prefer not to receive email advertisements from this advertiser in the future , click here this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : worldconnection . info opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: re : hpl system training daren , i would like for these sessions to be separate , only because my group is probably at a different level than lisa ' s in terms of understanding the business ( not that we understand it in its entirety ) . the last week of this month or the first week of march prior to the 6 th workday is good for my group ( s ) . let me know . thanks ! daren j farmer 02 / 17 / 2000 05 : 02 pm to : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : hpl system training rita and lisa , why don ' t ya ' ll get together and determine a range of days / times that would work for your groups to have a training session . ( over lunch or early afternoon ) if you are interested , i would like to discuss how we operate the hpl system and the processes we go through during the trading day . to help with the discussion , i have maps which highlight the main points and areas where we transact . ( there will be a few for you to keep at the desks . ) i did this with the logistics group . i think it went pretty well . if you want to do this , we need to allow 1 . 5 to 2 hours to talk about everything . let me know . d 
2	Subject: fw : stupid girly and huge ccok ' ello , ' ello , ' ello , what have we got here ? ate breve  
2	Subject: candlestick charts fyi fallout - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mike a roberts / hou / ect on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 05 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : sue neville / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 04 / 2001 02 : 02 pm to : mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect cc : lee ferrell / enron @ enronxgate , kent miller / et & s / enron @ enron subject : candlestick charts mike , i work for enron transportation and storage in their storage marketing group . my group has been using technical analysis from your website to help make daily storage trading revenue decisions . on your web site , you indicated you would be discontinueing some of the information we use . we had interviewed external technical service profiders , and chose not to buy their service because we had your information available to us to help us make financial decisions . specifically , we need the candlestick charts and analysis on natural gas , and we also need the elliot wave analysis on natural gas . can you please reconsider your decision to discontinue the technical analysis data aforementioned ? sue neville director , storage marketing ets 
2	Subject: top hot pick in the right sector at the right time wysak petroieum ( wysk ) current price : o . 165 apr 25 , 2 oo 5 - - wysak petroleum is pleased to report that due diiigence is nearly complete in regards to the company ' s further planned leases in the wyoming oi | region . management anticipates further news wiil be forthcoming shortly and wiil report on deveiopments as they occur . targets include properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wil | strategica | | y purchase | eases in know and proven oi | they include exxonmobiie , wiliiams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oil & gas and coalbed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has biilions of do | | ars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 20 o 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . coilectively over 26 , ooo we | | s produced 54 . 7 million barrels of oil and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an a | | - time high of 18 . 4 trillion cubic feet , while proved reserves of crude oil were 489 mi | | ion barreis . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 trillion cubic feet . nearly loo welis are being dri | | ed each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 million - acre basin couid have 5 o , ooo to 100 , oo 0 producing welis before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natura | gas piay in north america within the | ast ten years . about wysak petroleum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and develop traditional fossil fuel sites , as well as clean air aiternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oil they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . co | | ectiveiy , over 26 , 00 o we | | s produced 54 . 7 miilion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in wyoming conclusion : the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade friday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highly speculative and may be unsuitabie for ail but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 30 oo doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 005 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: your r _ x vallum order is ready for refill over 31 and asetar , : we are going to be closing soon ! we have the highest quality , and now , lowest priced prescription drugs online . buy something while you still can ! vi 3 agra c 4 ialis valiu + m x 7 anax http : / / hrqmkritq . grave 5217 pinn . com / 15 nope , not for me : http : / / ozpk . applymed . biz / b . html chowder continua apostolic southbound bawl clergyman divalent alum although collagen anderson gorilla informant colloquial surtax icosahedra bechtel aggravate anxious debenture alumina crowfoot regressive stuart omen pushout alder allan . 
2	Subject: small - cap market advisors wysak petroleum ( wysk ) current price : 0 . 16 apr 25 , 2 oo 5 - - wysak petroieum is pieased to report that due diligence is neariy compiete in regards to the company ' s further pianned leases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news wi | | be forthcoming shortly and wil | report on developments as they occur . targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak will strategicaily purchase | eases in know and proven oi | they inciude exxonmobiie , wiliiams gas and western gas , among others . about wyoming oi | & gas and coalbed methane ( cbm ) wyoming state has biilions of doilars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 20 o 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oi | . co | | ectiveiy over 26 , 000 welis produced 54 . 7 miilion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an all - time high of 18 . 4 triilion cubic feet , whiie proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 mi | | ion barrels . reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 trillion cubic feet . neariy 10 o weils are being dri | | ed each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 miliion - acre basin could have 5 o , ooo to 10 o , 00 o producing wells before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natural gas piay in north america within the | ast ten years . about wysak petroieum wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and develop traditional fossil fuel sites , as weil as clean air aiternative energy producing technologies . wysak controls one wyoming federal oil they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wiiliams gas ( wmb ) , and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coliectiveiy , over 26 , ooo weils produced 54 . 7 miilion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natura | gas in wyoming conciusion : the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are aiready familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch this one trade monday ! go wysk . penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitable for a | | but very aggressive investors . this profiie is not in any way affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 dollars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , please go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to noneedl 017 @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: seeking your consent for business transaction mr . duke abby . dear friend , this mail may come to you as a surprise but i plead with you to patiently read through it before making a decision whether to assist me or not . i am mr . duke abby peters . i am the personal accountant to a national of your country , who is an oil consultant / contractor with the nigerian mining corporation , ( name deliberately with - held for now ) made a numbered time ( fixed ) deposit for twelve calendar months , valued at us $ 15 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( fifteen million five hundred thousand dollars ) in a reputable bank in lagos nigeria . on june 6 , 2000 , my client , his wife and their three children were involved in a car accident along airport road . all occupants of the vehicle unfortunately lost their lives . since then i have made several enquiries to your embassy and international trade missions to locate any of my customer extended relatives this has also proved unsuccessful . after these several unsuccessful attempts , to locate any member of his family hence i contacted you . i am contacting you to assist in repatriating the money and property left behind by my client before they get confiscated or declared unserviceable by the bank where this huge deposit were lodged . particularly , the investigation department of the bank where the deceased had an account valued us $ 15 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( fifteen million five hundred thousand dollars ) have issued me a notice to provide the next of kin or have the account confiscated within the next ten official working days . since i have been unsuccessful in locating the relatives for over 3 years now , i seek your consent to present you as the next of kin of the deceased since you have the same last name , so that the proceeds of this account valued at $ 15 . 5 million dollars can be paid to you and then you and me can share the money 60 % to me and 40 % to you . i have all necessary informations that can be used to back up any claim we may make . this money ( us $ 15 , 500 , 000 . 00 ) is still lying in the bank and the interest is being rolled over with the principal sum at the end of each year . no one will ever come forward to claim it . and according to laws of federal republic of nigeria , at the expiration of 5 ( five ) years , the money will revert to the ownership of the nigerian government if nobody applies to claim the fund . all i require is your honest cooperation to enable us see this deal through . i guarantee that this will be executed under a legitimate arrangement that will protect you from any breach of the law . there is no risk at all as all the paperwork for this transaction will be done by me and you together due to my position as personal accountant officer to the deceased , this will guarantee the successful execution of this transaction . lf you are interested in giving the required assistance , kindly reply this mail stating your telephone / fax numbers for further contact . because of the secrecy surrounding this transaction , l suggest that you contact me only via my private email : accountdepartment @ fnbankza . com l am looking forward to a favorable reply from you soon . feel free to ask any question in this regard . yours faithfully , mr . duke abby peters . crie j? um email grtis com 300 mb visite www . touaki . com < 
2	Subject: lose weight now with phentermine offshore online pharm . warehouse . . save up to 80 % ! vlagra , cialis , paracodin ( euro vicodin ! ) , xanax , valium , ambien , soma . . many other popular products are also available ! no prior prescriptlon needed , no long questionnaires ! fast and discreet shipping , llmited deals , act today and save ! order today for the best discounts dortmund cowmen dominic , degree downpour diorama buck analytic . counterpart synchronous elaborate mortician inordinate ghastly strattondeportee mechanism . deniable jaeger suds . purview revival supercilious jackie combatant durham elaine thundershower typography bedstraw . dam schaefer , adore trenchant adenoma marcello stricter baudelaire baccalaureate betide colon browbeaten homeopath concertmaster farmhouse , banish coppery antimony . machine emphases . extrusive bedside bimetallic assort teat passband kindred acyclic don belong pervasion amide hoagy chamfer medal ti descriptor halifax reactionary . anise , begun , philanthropy . bootstrapping . gherkin d firebreak . moline ! austin sima . east sodden extinct cardioid gibbous trisodium pyre mcpherson draco abet amaze miff gainful godlike caterpillar clandestine . proclaim . adequacy pappy military , schoolwork barr protrusion braggart mcmahon batwing . disposal disseminate  
2	Subject: capm and cost of capital greetings from the global association of risk professionals ! ! we are putting together a panel for our march meeting related to one of the following topics ; cost of capital , estimating risk premium , and capm approaches to measuring risk . currently , we have steve mann , an assistant professor of finance at tcu , is scheduled to speak and we are seeking additional volunteers for our panel . if you are interested please respond via email . if your organization would like to host the event , please let me know so that arrangements can be made . fyi , we have identified resources in new york city that would come to houston to speak , and we are in need of a sponsor ( or suggestions ) to cover the general expense of bringing these individuals to houston . steve mann is an assistant professor of finance at the neeley school at tcu , where he teaches courses in derivatives and corporate finance . his primary area of research is trading , with focus on the risk & reward of market making in derivative contracts , as well as behavioral aspects of trading , and liquidity measurement . his publications to date include papers in the review of financial studies , the journal of business , and the journal of futures markets . looking forward to your response . respectfully , frank hayden garp the information in this email is confidential and may be legally privileged . it is intended solely for the addressee . access to this email by anyone else is unauthorized . if you are not the intended recipient , any disclosure , copying , distribution or any action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance on it , is prohibited and may be unlawful . when addressed to our clients any opinions or advice contained in this email are subject to the terms and conditions expressed in the governing kpmg client engagement letter .  
2	Subject: assume i will not be chairing . . . dear joel , as i have not received any reply yet re email below , i have arranged other appts for myself on monday and will not be chairing any seesions . rgds raymond 345 pm ; 14 july - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by raymond yeow / enron _ development on 07 / 14 / 2000 03 : 40 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - raymond yeow 07 / 12 / 2000 07 : 39 pm to : " joel hanley " cc : subject : re : is there any chance you could chair a session at the conference ? dear joel , will be glad to help out but had a look at the stream 2 on monday and it is 1120 am - 520 pm covering three sessions ! ! ! could i suggest that i take the 1120 am - lunch session and you can find another speaker ( s ) from day 2 to chair the afternoon session ( s ) . i am flexible if you need me to take a different time on the monday . rgds raymond " joel hanley " on 07 / 12 / 2000 03 : 37 : 39 am please respond to " joel hanley " to : cc : subject : is there any chance you could chair a session at the conference ? raymond , by the way , is there any chance you could chair a session at the conference ? glenn labhart from the us has unfortunately dropped out so i am hoping you could chair stream two on day one ( monday 17 th ) . please let me know asap . it would be a great help is you ' re available . best wishes , joel . direct : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7484 9885 ? www . riskpublications . com 
2	Subject: global standards report - september 2000 this is the draft copy of the global standards report , primarily for ena , for september 2000 . please review and provide comments . thanks , mike 
2	Subject: re [ 8 ] : other guys are improving themselves . . are you ? . . . mammalian good morning sir , check out the discounts these guys are offering on enlarge patches ! steel package : 10 patches reg $ 79 . 95 now $ 49 . 95 ! free shipping too ! silver package : 25 patches reg $ 129 . 95 , now $ 99 . 95 ! free shipping and free exercise manual included ! gold package : 40 patches reg $ 189 . 95 , now $ 149 . 95 ! free shipping and free exercise manual included ! platinum package : 65 patches reg $ 259 . 95 , now $ 199 . 95 ! free shipping and free exercise manual included ! millions of men are taking advantage of this revolutionary new product - don ' t be left behind ! " thank you peniss viagr patch for enriching my marriage through an enhanced sexual relationship . my wife has become so much more interested in sex and now often initiates . " - carmella santiago try this peniss growth patchs out and see how it can change your life !  
2	Subject: hey tim , for may 12 , our supply shows that 8 . 000 did flow even though you cut flow to 6 . 0 . let me know how you want to handle the situation . sorry for the inconvenience . ami 
2	Subject: re : candidate evaluation , wendi germani pam , we don ' t think wendi has skills required for this job . vince from : pam wilson @ enron communications on 03 / 10 / 2000 12 : 27 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , jonathan davis / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : candidate evaluation , wendi germani please complete the attached form and also let me know if you have an interest in proceeding with wendi . thanks ! pam 
2	Subject: bloomberg good morning if you have recently traded with bloomberg ( within the week ) and have negotiated a broker fee other than $ 15 i would like to know . confirms has been changing prices that are greater or less than $ 15 to the usual bro fee of $ 15 which may be incorrect . thanks for your help . kysa m . alport enron north america 503 - 464 - 7486 
2	Subject: year end 2000 performance feedback note : you will receive this message each time you are selected as a reviewer . you have been selected to participate in the year end 2000 performance management process by providing meaningful feedback on specific employee ( s ) . your feedback plays an important role in the process , and your participation is critical to the success of enron ' s performance management goals . to complete requests for feedback , access pep at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com and select perform review under performance review services . you may begin providing feedback immediately and are requested to have all feedback forms completed by friday , november 17 , 2000 . if you have any questions regarding pep or your responsibility in the process , please contact the pep help desk at : houston : 1 . 713 . 853 . 4777 , option 4 london : 44 . 207 . 783 . 4040 , option 4 email : perfmgmt @ enron . com thank you for your participation in this important process . the following is a cumulative list of employee feedback requests with a status of " open . " once you have submitted or declined an employee ' s request for feedback , their name will no longer appear on this list . review group : enron feedback due date : nov 17 , 2000 employee name supervisor name date selected - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fawcett , jeffery c jess k hyatt nov 01 , 2000 lindberg , lorraine jess k hyatt oct 31 , 2000 lohman , therese k jess k hyatt oct 30 , 2000 mercaldo , vernon m lee c ferrell oct 26 , 2000 stokes , christine a jess k hyatt nov 01 , 2000 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for stewart . range @ enron . com stinson , he is looking for blanket approach to our disk , both read and write . is it legitimate ? vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 11 / 20 / 2000 03 : 35 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - arsystem @ mailman . enron . com on 11 / 20 / 2000 02 : 37 : 25 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : request submitted : access request for stewart . range @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as an alternate data approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000007876 approver : stinson . gibner @ enron . com request create date : 11 / 20 / 00 2 : 36 : 29 pm requested for : stewart . range @ enron . com resource name : \ \ enehou \ houston \ common \ research - [ read / write ] resource type : directory 
2	Subject: lla extension - rahil jafry rahil : further to our conversation this afternoon , please let me know if you would like our immigration attorneys to use premium processing for your lla visa extension . the cost will be an additional $ 1 , 000 and the visa will be approved within 15 days . thank you margaret 
2	Subject: re : nom / actual vols for may 17 th we agree " eileen ponton " on 05 / 18 / 2001 01 : 44 : 19 pm to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / energy / txu @ tu , melissa jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com , szajac @ enron . com cc : subject : nom / actual vols for may 17 th nom mcf mmbtu 26 , 250 28 , 151 28 , 911 
2	Subject: poinsettia xaanax , tussl 0 nex , \ / alluum , ambleen , claal 1 s , \ / 1 agrra , adlpex nullum resorb rejuvenate defrayment steamship coryphee militare monodon , xanaax , \ / alium , cialiis , \ / iaagra , ambieen & all popular medssno long questioning form , you pay & we shiip out today habituateworldwide shippiing excise prom 0 tion running now : cialiis : from $ 96 \ / iaagra : from $ 64 \ / alium : from $ 70 xanaax : from $ 75 ambieen : from $ 68 sterilize incorrect ,  
2	Subject: transparently controlling the wholesale trading businesses - an internal approach to internal audit shawn / shona we have talked round this issue for some time so i thought i would try to take a brief stab at documenting what my preferred approach is ( we will need to do a great deal of talking before we would circulate widely ) : - aims accountability for internal controls must rest with the commercial support teams and absolutely with the leaders of those teams . a culture of control and operational risk assessment requires extensive on - going communication and a structure of measurement and tracking . any independent process of review such as doorstep and brm should fully leverage the work engaged by staff in the line and indeed should be focused by it all elements of implementing , completing and reviewing internal control should generate defined output we focus independently the review efforts for trading controls and origination controls ( we have defined the control structure for trading offices , agency offices and origination offices and we must police our labelling for each office ) the output from enron ' s perspective is appropriate risk issue lists to be discussed at control / governance meetings ( eg at sally / ted / fernley ' s level and at the audit committee level ) - the important issue here is that every list must be extracted from an agreed database of issues - different lists have different amounts of filtering applied - judgementally by senior / experienced staff the output from aa ' s perspective is their internal controls audit opinion based upon our database and our review and management process of it trading process - monthly routine judgemental self assessment on areas within the trading transaction cycle - rating made by business controller is red , amber , green - with trend indicator of static , improving or declining - see attachment 2 for full listing monthly metrics collected for key standards set for risk management - see attachment 1 ( you will notice that this is a summarised version of attachment 2 - and as a senior controller i would expect the metrics to underpin but not solely drive the judgement within the self assessment ) - shona , this is the work that mike moscoso is leading periodic review meeting between controller and commercial lead to discuss operational risk and areas of concern ( red and amber ) with agreement of action plans for such areas monthly review by controller / senior controller of database where all high ( red ) and medium ( amber ) risk issues are recorded . milestones for action plans revisited , reconfirmed or amended monthly meeting between remote office staff and controllers to identify if the risk rating for any remote offices has changed all new information on issues raised by self assessment , doorstep review or brm completion populated into database database utilised globally to report to various levels of governance and decision on whether original brm and doorstep plans require amendment process - yearly planning checkpoint taken of current operational environment ( say end oct ) proposed new offices for coming year or proposed changes to activity in office , and it development plans for next year prioritisation made for doorstep - which offices require a visit and what depth does report need to go to . note the doorstep review would be an end to end review for entire business unit and therefore is the independent review of the existing self assessment and would leverage the work by focusing the review effort on areas of concern , the actions plans in place and concluding on the ' mitigation of operational risk to an acceptable level ' prioritisation made for brm - which functions , not business units , require external independent review - highly leveraging the above self assessment and doorstep processes ( could aa signoff simply by auditing our own internal governance process ? ) - most likely reviews completed on functions that assessed as concerns across multiple business - such as fx exposure management , cash management , credit exposure management , it change management controls / process where are we now - if we all thought to do this immediately we do not have bottom up operational risk assessment for all businesses - i am suggesting that we demand that all business controllers at the houston offsite do this ? 23 rd oct the above would validate a high level operational risk summary that we as senior controllers could put together for the audit committee - last week oct we agree on a robust tracking process - throw out one of the brm and doorstep databases - november given aa have never historically risk rated their issues we should repopulate the database from scratch - november review doorstep plan to check that our risk rating for business units and remote offices means that we have resource focused correctly - do we need to visit all ? - november review all of the above and blend into risk based approach for brm planning - end november to end december ! ! wow - lets chat about this mike attachment 1 attachment 2 - the areas where a judgement should be proactively made by each business unit controller - business oversight system development project and change management people management - coaching and skills / headcount gaps model review stress testing and business risk identification operational capacity assessment signoff error management control cycle risk management control recognition of risk origination monitoring of trading activities - limit checking , trader mandates specific transaction analysis - dash , cacs etc transaction capture - deal form analysis and risk management system input logistics support - delivery position analysis , incoming and outgoing invoice maintenance , post deal execution contract management portfolio edits - required amendments to previously transacted risk / contracts market risk / position signoff - both transaction specific and portfolio management dpr production and signoff limit excession reporting market risk feeds to grms - review var applicability ( backtesting ? ) credit risk review - liaison with rac over provisioning for credit charges price input checking and verification reserving and income recognition issues weekly executive summary monthly revenue summary documentation documentation generation re - review of contract loading in risk management system affirmation chasing broker information reconciliation trade accounting general ledger account ownership balance sheet to cpr reconciliation accounts receivable maintenance / monitoring accounts payable maintenance / monitoring monthly management accounts by profit centre / business segment inter company / inter entity reconciliation differences legal entity balance sheet analysis for fin ops settlements outgoing invoice generation incoming invoice reconciliation exchange statements reconciliation otc brokerage charges reconciliation and processing nostro reconciliations cash management liaison 
2	Subject: 2002 operational costs i understand what you are looking for , and bob hall and i look forward to sitting down with you to review operations costs for enron americas . i do think it will be meaningful to you to look at the components of the aggregate number to understand all of the functions that are provided and the drivers behind the cost structure for each function . they are different . some costs are impacted by number of transactions , some are not . for instance , all operating companies are allocated a portion of the cost of producing the dpr each day and posting results on the executive reports viewer . regardless of the number of transactions , there is a fixed cost for aggregating that information . that fixed cost estimated for the year likely will not change . what may change is the allocation methodology used - - i . e . if eel adds four new product lines to be aggregated on the dpr and if it is a very manually intensive task to get that information daily , then we may adjust the allocations such that eel ' s percentage of the total cost of producing the dpr will be appropriately increased . for the past two years , we have created the operations budget for enron americas with a defined set of services as the underlying assumption in the budgets . there have been times when we have had to add personnel to handle new businesses that have been created that were unknown during the budget process ( ex : wellhead desk ) or deals that are done that are very operationally intensive ( ex : asset management deals ) . when this happens , we calculate the fully - loaded cost of the person or persons required to support that new activity and have the commercial person responsible for that business sign off on the additional expense to be incurred that was not in the original operations budget - a change order to the original budget . i know that wes is coordinating the budget review meetings for enron americas , so i will work with him to make that happen . in addition , greg piper and i are trying to get a time that works for you and john lavorato early next week so that we can discuss the mechanics of a service level agreement . - - sally - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , september 6 , 2001 2 : 01 pm to : beck , sally subject : thanks for your voicemail - just to clarify though i am not looking for an aggregate number - i am looking for a number per transaction which we can contract at between ea and enw . thanks 
2	Subject: california update 1 / 31 / 01 please do not hesitate to contact robert johnston ( x 39934 ) or kristin walsh ( x 39510 ) with additional questions . executive summary an announcement could be made as early as today regarding the first wave of long - term contracts ( price and term ) . the threat of bankruptcy is significantly diminishing as davis hatches a plan to 1 ) pass on " court ordered rate increases " and 2 ) issue revenue bonds . audit results are in and questions loom about the amount of funds transferred to parent companies . davis is expected to use the threat of " endless appeals " in courts and a possible ballot initiative in november to keep the pressure on the parent companies to pay a share of the utility debt , as well as to limit the scope of the rate hikes . davis hopes that a court ruling in favor of the utilities would provide him with the political cover he needs to pass on rate hikes to california consumers and avoid utility bankruptcy . davis walking a fine line with consumer advocacy groups . if there is a ballot initiative in november to challenge the expected court - ordered rate hikes , it could be disastrous for investor confidence in the state . legislation and bail out bill ablx was heard for several hours in the senate appropriations yesterday . issues still remain regarding the tiered rate structure , specifically for communities that have harsh climates . however , the bill has received support from almost everyone including consumer groups . the bill is expected to pass sometime today . tim gage , ca director of finance said davis supports all the provisions in ablx and expected to sign . bill abl 8 x was not heard in the assembly yesterday but is expected to be hear today . in committee hearings monday , the dwr testified it is spent all of the $ 400 m and were spending $ 45 m / day in the spot market to buy power . according to sources with direct access to governor davis , the on - going court battle , as discussed below , is viewed as an excellent opportunity for a settlement . davis recognizes that 1 ) the expected court ruling in the cpuc case will likely authorize the utilities to increase rates charged to california rate payers ; 2 ) despite that ruling , the state government has the ability to delay the eventual reward of that order long enough to cripple the two utilities unless they come to terms . thus , davis believes that california consumers cannot avoid getting hit with higher electricity charges , but he plans to use the threat of an appeal ( and a possible ballot initiative ) to limit the amount of the rate hikes . a plan to exempt the lowest income , smallest consumers from any rate increase and to concentrate rate increases among consumers using 130 % of a baseline usage rate was gaining serious momentum last night in sacramento . that would still hit about one half of all consumers ( since the " baseline " is set at 60 % of average consumption ) , but it is " progressive " in a politically important sense . making this work would require solving a minor crisis that erupted last night when pg & e admitted they had stopped reading electricity meters for many customers and were estimating their bills based on previous usage rates . the company ' s defense ( they had laid off meter readers to conserve cash ) was met with widespread derision as consumer advocates pointed out the estimation policy conveniently allowed the company to charge more despite serious efforts by californians to use less electricity . " every time you think there ' s a moment when these utilities will not embarrass themselves , something like this happens , " one legislator moaned . long - term contracts a second key to keeping the eventual rate increases down lies in the negotiations now almost complete for the first wave of long - term power buying contracts davis initiated earlier this month . the first wave of those contracts will be announced perhaps as early as today and they will be surprisingly positive , according to officials in the talks . " we got a series of good offers in those initial proposals . and some not so good ones , " one official told our source . " the idea is to announce the results of the first contract talks with the good guys and then go back to the others and say , ' you want in on this with these terms ? ' we think we ' ll eventually shake loose a lot of supply with this strategy . " bankruptcy because of these new dynamics , there is improved market confidence that california will emerge from the current energy crisis without bankruptcy for socal edison and pg & e , even as they are set to miss another round of payments to creditors and suppliers today ( remember , there is a standstill agreement among creditors not to ask for accelerated payment until feb . 13 ) . we believe that sense of optimism will be given an even more credible boost by the court case in front of us district judge ronald s . w . lew in los angeles , which is likely to mushroom into the kind of political cover for elected officials that make a settlement possible by the end of next week , at the latest . in fact , without that political cover it would be impossible to square all the various circles of this crisis . audit results and ballot initiatives markets , bush administration officials , and perhaps utility companies themselves are underweighting the possibility that citizens groups will launch a successful ballot initiative in the fall of 200 l to bring all electricity generation back under state control . the threat of a proposition initiative mounted as the two audits of the utility companies ordered by the california public utilities commission released in the last 48 hours confirmed two seriously damaging points we have been warning about since mid - january . first , the audit of socal edison confirmed that $ 2 billion of the debt the utility claims it owes to energy suppliers is actually owed to itself through its corporate holding structure that generates and sells power . second , it confirmed that edison electric paid nearly $ 5 billion in profits to the holding company which then used that money to buy back its stock and increase dividends in an effort to keep its stock price up even while it was going on a debt - issuing binge . the audit of pg & e released late last night was even more damaging : pg & e management was sharply criticized for poor decisions in failing to react to " clear warning signs of an approaching energy crisis " by not making deep spending cuts , " including scaling back management salaries . " the auditors also questioned the utility ' s decision to funnel some $ 4 . 7 billion of its profits since deregulation into the coffers of its parent holding company , which then used the cash mostly to pay dividends and buy back stocks . " basically , they took the money and ran , " as state senate speaker burton put it yesterday . what appears to be governor gray davis ' grudging acceptance of reality is actually a highly evolved effort to produce a solution that provides enough rate hikes / taxpayer subsidy to help solve the current crisis without triggering a new - - and far more damaging - - burst of populist outrage among a voter base that still thinks the utility companies are basically making this all up . there is no doubt that this use of money by socal edison and the debts it owes to itself are perfectly legal and in keeping with the spirit of the 1996 deregulation law , but that is irrelevant in popular political terms . were it not for the political cover potentially afforded by the court case discussed below , these audits would make settlement extremely difficult . keeping that anger from exploding into a ballot initiative this fall is key to understanding the very complex game that davis , his advisers and senior legislators are now playing . a ballot initiative would be a potential disaster since it would almost certainly be aimed at re - establishing full public control over the electric utilities . even if the state and utilities successfully challenged such an initiative in court it would be years before that victory was clear and it would freeze all new private investment during that prolonged period . that ' s something california cannot afford as businesses would be moving out and new ones failing to relocate . court battle thus , legislators are listening in horror as they hear the ugly details of the court case in los angeles that socal edison and pg & e are likely to win in mid - february . the court will most likely grant the two utilities $ 12 . 7 billion in relief and that the cost would fall immediately on the shoulders of consumers who would see bills rise by at least 30 % , california politicians could see the emergence of the one thing everyone has needed since the start of this extended drama : political cover . davis will then have to rely on his political and negotiating skills to pressure the parent companies of the utilities to pass on something less than the full $ 12 . 7 billion debt . pg & e and socal edison have already won round one of a legal battle designed to let them raise electricity rates enough to recover all of the debt they have accumulated since august last year when the puc refused to let them raise prices even as electricity prices soared . the court said the 1996 deregulation law was crystal clear - - when the two utilities had repaid so - called " stranded costs , " they were free to begin charging whatever they needed to charge consumers to cover their cost of acquiring power . although the utilities won this case , the judge stayed his order until february 14 th at the state government ' s request . as that deadline approaches , an intense new negotiating round is under way . on the one hand , political officials know they have the ultimate political cover for higher electric prices ( " the courts made me do it " ) , but on the other hand , they also know that immediate and full compliance with that court order would force electricity rates up by about 40 % on top of natural gas bills that have soared by about 300 % since last year . utility companies are playing this card aggressively in negotiations about the scope and shape of the final bailout . " we ' ll just wait until the court puts the order into effect in mid - february then even if we are in bankruptcy we will emerge quickly and easily . " one tactic the state political officials are using , in order to force a settlement , is the threat of keeping the law suit tied up in court for the next couple of years . one political official pointed out that they could keep the utilities from receiving their money this year , next year or perhaps even the year after . " sure , we tell them , they will probably win in court and get that money . eventually . we are making them well aware that unless we have a settlement we will appeal that court ruling all the way to the supreme court and keep them tied up for the next two years at least . we don ' t think the creditors will be quite that patient . " 
2	Subject: deep penetration shaved pussy download underground zoo movies now ! unscribe from list 
2	Subject: re : grades pam , another group : stuart hamel jed howard brian nelson b + vince pamela vande krol castro on 05 / 03 / 2001 08 : 58 : 24 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : grades got them - thank you ! - pvc at 05 : 21 pm 5 / 2 / 01 - 0500 , you wrote : > pam , > > another team : > > elena chilkina > robert j . guadette > joseph helms > kenneth jett > todd litton > mark westmoreland > > > grade : a - > > > vince kaminski 
2	Subject: eliminate red light cameras ! hide your license plate ! more info here . . . quirt hho feat iyk pyrite lhp incentive kek prance bl decedent twy hydrometer br commodity hlz pant od within bor dualism ya taiwan qal slosh eae orestes fj phthalate zy sanskrit nup no  
2	Subject: happy happy message i am so so happy . . . : ) do you want me to forward this response to scott josey ? i may even start going to church every week . . . mrha - - - - - original message - - - - - from : baillargeon , paul r . [ mailto : prbaillargeon @ marathonoil . com ] sent : tuesday , august 21 , 2001 5 : 44 am to : mrha , jean cc : madro , walt j . ; lowden , steve j . subject : re : asset management outsourcing arrangement proposal jean , thanks for your note . please find attached the ca with some minor changes . if acceptable please sign and return two copies for our signature . also on a separate note , we have named a manager to pursue this strategy going forward . i would like to introduce you to walt madro on my return at the end of the week . regards paul - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mrha , jean [ mailto : jean . mrha @ enron . com ] sent : monday , august 20 , 2001 6 : 41 pm to : baillargeon , paul r . subject : asset management outsourcing arrangement proposal importance : high paul , as promised last week , please find attached to this correspondence a draft term sheet which outlines six potential asset management outsourcing arrangements . these various proposal structures signify initial steps representing general commercial concepts to be further refined by a transaction team . i know that you are out until wednesday , but i would be interested in the status of the confidentiality agreement within marathon ' s legal department . i look forward to hearing from you . regards , jean > this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise . thank you .  
2	Subject: new pharm site new great prices malcolm refill notification ref : npy - 75889086375213 dear paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr , our automated system has identified that you most likely are ready to refill your recent online pharmaceutical order . to help you get your needed supply , we have sent this reminder notice . please use the refill system ( click this link ) to obtain your item in the quickest possible manner . thank you for your time and we look forward to assisting you . sincerely , wendi chamberlain coronet ostracod locution antennae elgin aquarius flatiron beer civic armload brocade invade turing contrariety transship vital managua atrocity suffrage toad buck sportswrite gear infra recappable abroad compensate starch nevada downing marionette marco keyed brute peg cantonese cut dispersion frailty your ban advert bobby humanitarian cyclopean wy fillet customary vestige productivity abraham studebaker truant astound  
2	Subject: eastrans nom - 5 / 24 / 2000 the volume for the 24 th is in error . it is really 32 , 800 mmbtu / d . duke - disregard residue sales volumes and get from william speckels . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bruce mcmills / ftworth / pefs / pec on 05 / 23 / 2000 09 : 29 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - bruce mcmills 05 / 23 / 2000 09 : 00 am to : briley @ enron . com , dfarmer @ enron . com , stacey . neuweiler @ enron . com cc : michael r . cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia a . urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec subject : eastrans nom - 5 / 24 / 2000 this is to nom 32 , 500 mmbtu into eastrans for 5 / 24 . 5 / 23 volume was reduced to 7 , 800 mmbtu with all redeliveries coming from fuels cotton valley . duke only - for 5 / 24 , the redeliveries will be 25 , 000 mmbtu per day at carthage into enron ' s cartwheel agreement and 7 , 800 from fuels cotton valley . sales at the tailgate will be 4 , 250 mmbtu / d for 5 / 24 . for 5 / 23 , the sales will be 7 , 020 mmbtu / d . 
2	Subject: re : richardson products cr 24198 you are correct . the system has been updated to reflect 0 volume for august , 2000 and the term has been extended to 4 / 30 / 02 . dennis christine stokes 07 / 25 / 2000 08 : 23 am to : ray stelly / et & s / enron @ enron , steven harris / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , tk lohman / et & s / enron @ enron , michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron , perry frazier / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : richardson products cr 24198 please note the following request by richardson to suspend another month of their contract for the month of august . we will have to account for this contract suspension in the august forecast with an estimated loss of $ 116 , 203 . 500 ( 35 , 700 mm / d * 31 days * $ . 105 ) dennis - our records indicate that the new terminate date should be 4 / 31 / 02 . let ' s discuss if you need some documentation to make the system reflect this termination date . cs perry - please verify if your capacity sheets reflect this 4 / 31 / 02 terminate date as well . thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by christine stokes / et & s / enron on 07 / 25 / 2000 08 : 00 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : dennis lee 07 / 24 / 2000 02 : 18 pm to : perry frazier / et & s / enron @ enron , christine stokes / et & s / enron @ enron , lorraine lindberg / et & s / enron @ enron , jeffery fawcett / et & s / enron @ enron , lindy donoho / et & s / enron @ enron , dennis lee / et & s / enron @ enron cc : subject : richardson products cr 24198 brad at richardson advises that he will suspend volumes on cr 24198 for the month of august , 2000 and will extend the term of his contract to october 31 , 2001 . brad states he will follow up with a written request . dennis 
2	Subject: 500 per day returning phone calls hello , would you like to generate at least $ 500 to $ 3500 per day by simply returning 2 minute phone calls without any selling or explaining ? this is not mlm and there are no boards , matrixes , pyramids or downlines to fill . . all cash comes to you ! ! if you have been in programs before and never made a single dime then this is what you have been looking for ! please call 1 - 800 - 242 - 0363 ext 3493 for more information ! please only call if you are serious about changing your financial destiny . serious inquiries only ! ! 1 - 800 - 242 - 0363 ext 3493 to be removed from future mailings send a blank email to : offthelistslp 77 @ yahoo . com this is a commerclal advertisement c . s . d marketing 5610 old hickory blvd . nashville , tn . 37076  
2	Subject: nom change on tejas pipeline - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 20 / 2000 10 : 21 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " jan svajian " on 06 / 20 / 2000 10 : 16 : 09 am to : cc : subject : nom change on tejas pipeline see attached . - enron nom change . xls 
2	Subject: copy dvd movies to cd - r click here for free software ! copy dvd movies to cd - r right now ! new ! dvdcopyplus 4 . 0 all the software you need to copy your own dvd movies is included in dvdcopyplus 4 . 0 ! copy your own dvd movies using nothing more than our software , a dvd - rom and your cd - r burner ! backup your dvd movie collection playback on any home dvd player * no expensive dvd burner required free live tech support * dvd player must support vcd / svcd format . most dvd players include this feature . you received this email because you signed up at one of consumer media ' s websites or you signed up with a party that has contracted with consumer media . to unsubscribe from our email newsletter , please visit http : / / opt - out . consumerpackage . net / ? e  cdr @ lne . com . - - - - this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in ! http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim spamassassin - sightings mailing list  
2	Subject: enrononline case study sorry to bother you , but i heard on the grapevine that a case study on enrononline had been putting together which would be great for recruiting purposes . could you tell me how i could get hold of a copy ? thank you . sophie 
2	Subject: potential list fo 8 / 00 daren : per vance ' s discussion ' s with the deal makers , the following are potential deals for 8 / 00 not included in vance ' s number : aspect - darrington - mid month - 2500 mcfd - gas daily helmrich and payne - ballard # 1 - mid month - 2000 to 3000 mcfd - gas daily let us know if you need any additional information . susan smith x 33321 
2	Subject: investment / partnership proposal dear sir , i am mr . femi olugbade , a bank executive . i am sending this message to you in confidence . i am asking for your favor in the transfer of some money belonging to one mr barry kelly ( deceased ) whose death we were not aware of until we no longer got reply to our routine notifications to his forwarding address . we were however told by his employers , that he died from an automobile crash . now all attempts to trace his next of kin has proved abortive . there is however no trace in any of his official documents of a next of kin . the basic line here is that at the expiration of 6 years , the money will revert to the ownership of the government . nobody is ever coming to claim this money having spent 5 and a half years in our bank . so all i am asking from you is that you should stand in as his next of kin to avoid the money going into the hands of corrupt government officials . also note that , it is impossible for the money to leave the coffers of the bank without a next of kin , who also must be a foreigner . further workings of this initiative , and a sharing ratio , plus possible areas of investment will be discussed as soon as i hear from you . best regards . femi olugbade 
2	Subject: discounted window treatments xvdy product width height productl " wood blinds 2 " wood blinds 2 1 / 2 " wood blinds 3 " wood blinds 2 " faux wood blinds 2 1 / 2 " faux wood blindssmooth and ribbed vinylfabric free - hang and embossed vinylfabric insert and embossed vinylfaux wood vertical blindsreal wood vertical blindssmooth horizontal vinyl blindsembossed horizontal vinyl blindslight filtering honeycomb shadesblackout honeycomb shadesl / 2 " aluminum blindsl " aluminum blinds 2 " aluminum blindsspring roller shadesclutch roller shadesflat style roman shadesteardrop style roman shadespleated shadeswoven wood shadeslight filtering sheer horizontalsblackout sheer horizontals 2 " composite blinds wood blindschoose from many different slat sizes from 1 to 3 inches , in a large selection of colors and t . . . more faux wood blindsall the look of real wood , at a lower price . available in 2 and 2 1 / 2 in slats , in both smooth . . . more vertical blindsavailable in vinyl , fabric , faux , and real wood . vertical blinds are perfect for arcadia doors . . . more aluminum blindsaluminum blinds are available in 1 / 2 inch , 1 inch , and 2 inch slat sizes and come in an endles . . . more copyright 2005 decorating depot all rights reserved . designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners . decorating depot is located at 1630 south stapley drive , suite 231 mesa , arizona 85204 779  
2	Subject: tenaska iv receivables daren : can you shed a little light on this tenaska iv deal ? james armstrong is telling me that we should have a purchase deal in the system to pay tenaska iv for the 9 / 00 and 10 / 00 gas that we are marketing for them . i do not see a deal in path manager for either month . i also need some detail on who we are buying and selling this gas from and to . there are a number of counterparties at lonestar for ena and i ' m not sure which ones go with this deal . is there a schedule you can email to me ? james is looking for an answer today on the tenaska iv payment , so whatever you can tell me will be appreciated . thanks , megan - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by megan parker / corp / enron on 11 / 21 / 2000 09 : 15 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - james armstrong @ ect 11 / 20 / 2000 06 : 00 pm to : megan parker / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : tenaska iv receivables megan below is a list of the outstanding receivables for tenaska iv texas partners , ltd . ( 1089 ) : september - sales : mmbtu price amount 26 , 275 5 . 20 136 , 630 18 , 538 5 . 06 93 , 802 . 28 20 , 000 5 . 045 100 , 900 25 , 000 5 . 09 127 , 250 totals 89 , 813 $ 458 , 582 . 28 ( this total is per phone conversation with darren farmer ) october - sales summary per detail economics report - 1 , 124 , 275 mmbtu for $ 5 , 148 , 787 . 47 ( these amounts were adjusted for the gas sent to the plant for their direct use - 427 , 851 mmbtu for $ 1 , 245 , 046 . 41 ) . the total of these two amounts is $ 5 , 607 , 369 . 75 . please let me know what the payment schedule is for these amounts . additionally , i need to ask about the payment schedule for tenaska iv this month . i need to find out if i am paying the following bills or if it is something your department is going to pay . please advise : williams energy 1 , 722 , 293 . 49 354 , 175 . 00 2 , 076 , 468 . 49 apache corp 1 , 348 , 500 . 00 txu / lone star 111 , 980 . 31 i need to submit my funding request tomorrow , so please let me know where we stand on these items as soon as possible . thanks . james 
2	Subject: save your money buy getting this thing here you have not tried cialls yet ? than you cannot even imagine what it is like to be a real man in bed ! the thing is that a great errrectlon is provided for you exactiy when you want . cialis has a lot of advantages over viagra - the effect iasts 36 hours ! - you are ready to start within just 10 minutes ! - you can mix it with aicohoi ! we ship to any country ! get it riqht now ! .  
2	Subject: dear friend . dear friend . as you read this , i don ' t want you to feel sorry for me , because , i believe everyone will die someday . my name is shadak shari , a merchant in dubai , in the u . a . e . i have been diagnosed with esophageal cancer . it has defiled all forms of medical treatment , and right now i have only about a few months to live , according to medical experts . i have not particularly lived my life so well , as i never really cared for anyone ( not even myself ) but my business . though i am very rich , i was never generous , i was always hostile to people and only focused on my business as that was the only thing i cared for . but now i regret all this as i now know that there is more to life than just wanting to have or make all the money in the world . i believe when god gives me a second chance to come to this world i would live my life a different way from how i have lived it . now that god has called me , i have willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate and extended family members as well as a few close friends . i want god to be merciful to me and accept my soul so , i have decided to give alms to charity organizations , as i want this to be one of the last good deeds i do on earth . so far , i have distributed money to some charity organizations in the u . a . e , algeria and malaysia . now that my health has deteriorated so badly , i cannot do this myself anymore . i once asked members of my family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which i have there to charity organization in bulgaria and pakistan , they refused and kept the money to themselves . hence , i do not trust them anymore , as they seem not to be contended with what i have left for them . the last of my money which no one knows of is the huge cash deposit of seven million dollars $ 7 , 000 , 000 , that i have with a finance / security company abroad . i will want you to help me collect this deposit and dispatched it to charity organizations . i have set aside 10 % for you for your time and patience . please send a reply through this email address ( shadakshario 01 @ telkom . net ) with your full contact information for more private and confidential communication . god be with you . shadak shari thanks for checking out oakville pong ! http : / / oakville . pongclub . com oakville @ pongclub . com 
2	Subject: request submitted : access request for steve . moen @ enron . com you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver . please click approval to review and act upon this request . request id : 000000000007593 request create date : 11 / 16 / 00 11 : 21 : 54 am requested for : steve . moen @ enron . com resource name : eol us backoffice stack manager resource type : applications 
2	Subject: gaping holes number one as , s gaping site on the web ! new updated chicks weekly ! take your email off here fingers require assistance from white , or screen pour freezing cold water on kit . when you see bar ? , it means that take flies into a rage .  
2	Subject: correction to coi rerate message : correction to coi rerate message ; see direction of power flow : after the day ahead market ran , the branch group coi ttc in the ( s - n ) direction was changed from 3675 mw to 2450 mw for he ' s 1700 through 2400 for operating day 7 / 26 / 01 . the reason for the change is for the northwest generation urgent pump repairs . the first applicable hour ahead market to run with these values is he 1700 . the iso will update you of any changes in line rating status . sent by market operations , inquiries please call the hour ahead desk . the system conditions described in this communication are dynamic and subject to change . while the iso has attempted to reflect the most current , accurate information available in preparing this notice , system conditions may change suddenly with little or no notice . 
2	Subject: april golf specials ! ! welcome & enjoy kingwood cove golf specials . please take advantage of the special offers . you will receive notices weekly or bi - weekly . if you no longer wish to receive these messages , simply reply with your request . keep it in the fairway . * * april e - mail specials * * customer appreciation day free green fees - every tuesday - after 11 am golf invitaion good for up to 4 players cart rental required . must present e - mail invitation prior to registration . not valid with other offers or tournaments . expires 04 / 15 / 00 call now to book your tee - time . 281 - 358 - 1155 . or millennium special offer monday & wednesday - anytime $ 22 per player friday , saturday , sunday & holidays after 11 am $ 30 per player golf invitation good for up to 4 players . recieve 1 / 2 cart , green fee , range balls plus a sleeve of xl 2000 golf balls . must present e - mail invitation prior to registration . not valid with other offers or tournaments . expires 04 / 15 / 00 call now to book your tee - time . 281 - 358 - 1155 . * golf lesson special * lessons save $ 15 buy two or more lessons and save $ 15 per lesson fine tune your swing now . expires 04 / 15 / 00 . april spring clinics ( 6 hours of instruction for $ 75 ) merchandise sales cutter & buck shirts 3 for $ 75 strata dozen golf balls $ 29 . 95 xl 2000 dozen golf balls $ 19 . 95 what ' s happening ? - senior tournament every monday morning - ladies league starting tuesday mornings - skins game every wednesday afternoon - kingwood cove golf association monthly tournaments 
2	Subject: unify ar - - sap plans here it is . the block in the middle summarizes the change in business situation over the last two years . stephen - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stephen p schwarz / hou / ect on 02 / 23 / 2000 02 : 34 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - enron north america corp . from : stephen p schwarz 02 / 18 / 2000 04 : 17 pm to : bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , lisa csikos / hou / ect @ ect , rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect , mechelle stevens / hou / ect @ ect , susan harrison / hou / ect @ ect , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect , melissa k ratnala / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves @ ccmail , evelyn aucoin / hou / ect @ ect , laura e scott / cal / ect @ ect , cheryl dawes / cal / ect @ ect cc : melissa white / hou / ect @ ect , dorothy ricketts / hou / ect @ ect , kimberly perkins / hou / ect @ ect , trang le / hou / ect @ ect , christy sweeney / hou / ect @ ect subject : unify ar - - sap plans two years ago enron north america made a decision to use unify ar for cash application rather than sap ar . we decided at the time that sap ar would be kept in sync with unify ar by the unify / sap interface . we believe that the business logic for that decision has changed , and are now recommending that unify ar be permanently turned off and all ar functions be performed in sap . i have briefly summarized the change in business situation below . two years ago today netting allowed by legal and credit only if netting contract was already in place . netting encouraged by legal and credit wherever possible , regardless of existence of signed agreement . netting limited to one counterparty and legal entity at a time . canada nets across counterparties . netting performed in physical only , financial settlements to maintain separate net statement process . ena considering netting physical and financial together . all account coordinators were to apply their own cash . cash applied centrally in power , financial and canada individual coordinators apply cash only in physical gas . cash was to be applied at the line item level to track variances and to facilitate calculation of cost of funds by commercial team . cash is not being applied meaningfully at the line item level . the company has not made any move towards calculating cost of funds by commercial team . the account inquiry functionality in unify was thought to be a key on - line tool . old habits die hard . . . most users appear to be printing reports and reviewing data , rather than using the on - line functionality . overapplication of cash was not to be allowed . overpayments would be classified as " on account " , with issues tracked in a case management system . case management system does not exist . allowing overapplication helps the account coordinators track overpayments easier than leaving cash on account . the counterparty / legal entity combination on the deposit needed to match the counterparty / legal entity combination on the enron invoice . given the number of legal entities enron has , along with the number of entities our counterparties have , this seems like a hopeless battle . allowing cross - application of cash seems easier . corp required that intercompany settlements had to be " settled " with cash movement . corp no longer requires intercompany settlements to be " settled " with cash movement . converting to sap ar simplifies the unify / sap interface in the following ways : bank deposits into sap do not have to be split off into unify cash entries in unify do not have to be interfaced back to sap unify netting entries do not have to be interfaced to sap payables information does not have to be interfaced from sap to unify given the change in attitudes towards our netting business process we face two problems in unify . controls built into unify are already obsolete . unify does not maintain all products in one database , making efforts to net across products in the future ( physical with financial , for instance ) impossible . our understanding of the netting process in sap indicates that there are no controls ( which sounds good at this point ) and that we would retain the automatic netting entries when the payable is netted with the receivable within sap . however , we emphasize that netting would be done in sap , not at the time of finaling a payment in unify . to repeat , we are recommending that unify ar be turned off and we convert to sap ar . we will schedule a meeting the week of february 22 to discuss . please call me at x 33179 with any questions or comments . we will make this decision by february 28 because the sap timeline does not allow any additional time for consideration . stephen 
2	Subject: bu " y cialis soft ' tabs online for less new clalls softtabs  lnstant rockhard erectlons simply disolve half a plll under your tongue 10 min before action , for results that last all weekend . normal retail is $ 19 / plll order from us today at the price of $ 3 . 63 not interested ( 0 pt - 0 ut )  
2	Subject: re : saving money - this is the plan for you 9018 compare now online + save ! dear homeowner , " now is the time to take advantage of falling interest rates ! there is no advantage in waiting any longer . " refinance or consolidate high interest credit card debt into a low interest mortgage . mortgage interest is tax deductible , whereas credit card interest is not . you can save thousands of dollars over the course of your loan with just a 0 . 25 % drop in your rate ! our nationwide network of lenders have hundreds of different loan programs to fit your current situation : refinancesecond mortgagedebt consolidationhome " let us do the shopping for you . . . it is free ! click here " please click here to fill out a quick form . your request will be transmitted to our network of mortgage specialists who will respond with up to three independent offers . this service is 100 % free to home owners and new home buyers without any obligation . data flow national 30 year fixed 6 . 375 % 15 year fixed 5 . 750 % 5 year balloon 5 . 250 % 1 / 1 arm 4 . 250 % 5 / 1 arm 5 . 625 % fha 30 year fixed 6 . 500 % va 30 year fixed 6 . 500 % " you did all the shopping for me . thank you ! - t n . cap . beach , ca " . . . you helped me finance a new home and i got a very good deal . - r h . h . beach , ca " . . it was easy , and quick . . . ! - v s . n . p . beach , wato be removed from this list please visit : http : / / 211 . 154 . 134 . 26 / remove / remove . htm 
2	Subject: newco list louise / greg , here is the updated spreadsheet ( password 5555 ) . . . . we miscounted slightly the total is 131 not 126 . geoff storey asked me to make sure larissa sharma was included in the group as well . the area colum hasn ' t been altered to reflect the ' new ' role yet . . . . . . we ' ve had to stop for a moment to find over 700 telephone numbers . . . . : ( regards steve 
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; start date : 1 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010512 . txt 
2	Subject: make her beg you to give it to her everynight you too can please you and your partner so much better . and it doesn ' t take half a year like other solutions . if you don ' t trust me , trust the new york times , newsweek , time magazine , and the testemonials of many people all over the net . look , if anything else check out the site and see the facts for yourself its new , its safe ! its the most advanced penile enlargement solution ! it ' s 100 % guaranteed to enlarge your penis . 3 + inches magna - rx patch - click here the amazing , new magna rx patch is not available in any stores or on other websites . accept no imitations ! order your male enhancement patch now through this exclusive website offer and get a 1 - month supply free ! one small investment in yourself will last a lifetime ! - no pills or capsules - no lotions or cremes - no pumps , weights , or exercises - no prescription necessary - doctor designed endorsed - 100 % safe natural - more stamina energy - increase penis size by 2 to 4 - your penis will be thicker and fuller - your confidence self - esteem will soar - experience rock hard erections - increase in desire - explosive , more intense orgasms - satisfy your lover like never before ! - free male help e - book with all orders - free 1 month supply of magna - rx patch ' s - fast , discrete shipping click here for more information if you ' d rather use pills instead of a patch for the same results check this out no more emails  
2	Subject: swiftness corel , nero , ado 0 be , plnnacle system , allas , apple from $ 20 each porism balldress similarly dirige figurative deobstruct litotes crew shrublet croatia dumfounder agenesis . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from limey we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares robotics  
2	Subject: oops ! please excuse my mistake ! just sent you a note with the wrong link . tthe correct one is http : / / letscreatebiz . com / whjoinfree it is worth a minute of your time to check it out . remember , you have nothing to lose and potentially a lot to gain ! best regards , wayne to be removed from future mailings , simply respond with remove in the subject line . http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: collaborative effort vince : i am very enthusiastic about your interest and possible contributions towards a 22 nd century human blood system . i have attached a letter that discusses the endeavor . please note that it has a built - in automatic release in the event you need to terminate . it has a confidentiality statement as well . if it is acceptable , please sign it and fax it back to me at 713 965 2114 at your earliest convenience . al arfsten - kaminski acceptance 011601 . doc 
2	Subject: found a secret link adv do not reply to this message to be removed . for easy removal from this mail list please click here http : / / teenie 4 free . com / remove this email was sent to you because your email is part of a targeted opt - in list . if you do not wish to receive further mailings from this offer , please click above and enter your email to remove your email from future offers . beaton enterprises , 102 jefferson street , zegema beach , pa , 19104 215 - 828 - 5000  
2	Subject: ste | | ar research points the way to maximizing success small - cap stock finder new developments expected to move western sierra mining , inc . stock from $ o . 75 to over $ 4 . oo westernsierramining . com western sierra mining is a company on the move , fast ! big news is out ! big business is afoot for wsrm ! read on to find out why wsrm is our top pick this week . * western sierra mining has a very profitable business model in which they avoid the highest cost associate with mining : exploration . essentiaily , wester sierra operates mines on sites that have been previously explored and found to be " too smail " for the largest mining companies , yet still produce handsome profits . * the giobal mining industry boom wi | | continue for the foreseeable future due to the impact of china - driven demand on commodity prices and long suppiy - response | ead times . * news ! news ! news ! read on to find out why we expect wsrm to take off this week ! here is recent news on the company : phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 15 , 2005 - - western sierra mining corp . ( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that the board of directors has approved and authorized a 2 - for - 1 forward spiit of its issued and outstanding common s - tock to al | sharehoiders of record as of june 26 , 20 o 5 . the company stated that the reason for the spiit was to a | | ow additional investors to participate in the long - term goais and objectives of western . phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 10 , 2005 - - western sierra mining ( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) and oretech inc . ( pink sheets : orte - news ) announced today that their respective boards of directors have agreed to enter into an agreement to deveiop the silver plume and pittsburg mines | ocated in coiorado . commenting on the proposed transaction , the president of western sierra mining , michael chaffee , said , " the new aiignment with oretech wiil aliow each of the companies to utilize their specific expertise to the maximum benefit of the other . oretech is trying to focus on deveioping its propriety extraction technology and western is expanding its mining activities in the u . s . we have started our due diligence on the property and look forward to taking a proposa | back to oretech by the end of the month . phoenix - - ( business wire ) - - june 3 , 20 o 5 - - western sierra mining ( pink sheets : wsrm - news ) announced today that it has signed a letter of intent with asdi corp . providing wsrm the right to develop the asdi property | ocated in crescent vailey at battie mountain , nev . we cannot stress enough the significance of this news . a s - tock split can oniy mean one thing ; good business ! with the spiit date set at june 26 , now is obviously the time to get in . with repsect to the other news , that a small company such as this would have the rights to these rich properties speaks volumes for their management and near - future earnings . that they wouid be so fortunate as to be involved with an industry pioneer such as oretech is nothing short of extraordinary . these fortuitous events have earned wsrm our strong buy recommendation symbo | : ( wsrm ) current price : $ o . 75 short term target price : $ 4 . 60 12 month target price : $ 8 . 9 o * * * news from the industry * * * * mining s - tocks have outperformed both the s & p 5 oo and the dow jones industria | average over the last three years . * profits by mining companies have doubled for the second year in a row . return on equity has increased neariy three - fold over the past two years * price waterhouse coopers ca | | s for " . . . another bumper year for the giobal mining industry in 2005 . " they go on to say , " the sustained upturn in commodity prices has caught investors ' attention , creating a dash for mining s - tocks . add the unprecedented profits and free cash flows and we have a very buoyant industry . " for more information read , mine - enter the dragon , by price waterhouse coopers , | ocated at pwcglobal . com piease watch this one trade wednesday ! disclaimer : information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " will , " " anticipates , " " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many micro - cap s - tocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors inciude : a | imited operating history , the company advancing cash to reiated parties and a shareholder on an unsecured basis : one vendor , a related party through a majority s - tockhoider , supplies ninety - seven percent of the company ' s raw materiais : reliance on two customers for over fifty percent of their business and numerous related party transactions and the need to raise capital . these factors and others are more fuliy spelled out in the company ' s sec filings . we urge you to read the fiiings before you invest . the rocket stock report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | material facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . a | | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the rocket stock report advises al | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose all your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of the rocket stock report is not a registered investment advisor . subscribers should not view information herein as legal , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specially seiected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the resuits in the examples given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is never indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diligence effort , including a review of a company ' s filings , shouid be completed prior to investing . in compiiance with the securities act of 1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the rocket stock report discloses the receipt of twelve thousand doilars from a third party ( gem , inc . ) , not an officer , director or affiiiate shareholder for the circulation of this report . gem , inc . has a position in the stoc * k they wiil seil at any time without notice . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid advertisement and we are confiicted . all factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not | imited to company websites , sec filings and company press releases . the rocket sto * ck report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no guarantee as to its accuracy or completeness . use of the material within this email constitutes your acceptance of these terms . 
2	Subject: lal echterhoff ' s issue robert and louise : reading from the bottom up , here is a string of emails that determined we would let the provisions of the plan and agreement govern echterhoff ' s issue . by the way , some of his assumed facts aren ' t correct - we don ' t make exceptions regarding the plans because of bad accounting results . retirement for the stock plan is age 55 with 5 years of service regardless of whether you retire from enron with respect to benefit programs . if you would like to discuss , give me a call . aaron x 39280 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : joyce , mary sent : monday , june 04 , 2001 3 : 05 pm to : brown , aaron ( executive comp ) ; cash , michelle ; oxley , david ; fmackin @ aol . com cc : mayes , fran l . subject : re : stock option questions we are going to have to let the plan rule , however , i think this points out how important it is to always stipulate that the grant agreement rules . either verbally or in writing , we need to say " generally it is the shorter of the term of the option or 3 years . this depends on when the grant was made . " mary - - - - - original message - - - - - from : brown , aaron ( executive comp ) sent : thursday , may 31 , 2001 12 : 59 pm to : cash , michelle ; oxley , david ; fmackin @ aol . com cc : mayes , fran l . ; joyce , mary subject : re : stock option questions i spoke with pat and he agrees with you michelle . he said that the award agreement rules . aaron - - - - - original message - - - - - from : cash , michelle sent : thursday , may 31 , 2001 12 : 24 pm to : oxley , david ; fmackin @ aol . com cc : brown , aaron ( executive comp ) ; mayes , fran l . ; joyce , mary subject : re : stock option questions the q & a is not binding - - it clearly states that the plan prevails . unfortunately , some people have grants that do not have the 3 - year period to exercise , although i understand that most of the more recent grants do have the 3 - year period . pat , let me know if you disagree . michelle michelle cash enron north america corp . 1400 smith street , eb 3823 houston , texas 77002 ( 713 ) 853 - 6401 michelle . cash @ enron . com this message may contain confidential information that is protected by the attorney - client and / or work product privileges . david oxley / enron @ enronxgate 05 / 31 / 2001 12 : 18 pm to : aaron brown / enron @ enronxgate , fran l mayes / enron @ enronxgate , michelle cash / hou / ect @ ect cc : mary joyce / enron @ enronxgate subject : re : stock option questions ok . so what do we say to these people " plan prevails , q & a may have been misleading , but tough " ? if mich tells me that q & a is not legally binding on us i am fine with above . since they are leaving us i have no desire to give them more than the plan entitles them to , but i am frustrated that we stated 3 years so clearly in q cash , michelle ; oxley , david cc : joyce , mary subject : re : stock option questions we don ' t change the terms of option agreements at enron because of uncapped earnings charges after changes are made . caveat seems fine and the provisions of the plan prevail . aaron - - - - - original message - - - - - from : mayes , fran l . sent : thursday , may 31 , 2001 10 : 59 am to : brown , aaron ( executive comp ) ; cash , michelle subject : fw : stock option questions fyi . i have already sent a copy to david oxley . fran - - - - - original message - - - - - from : echterhoff , lal sent : thursday , may 31 , 2001 10 : 53 am to : mayes , fran l . cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ enron subject : re : stock option questions your position that the general disclaimer on the q & a of march 8 negated the specific response to the question regarding the period to exercise stock options is unacceptable . if the answer to this specific question , shown below , was that various plans had various periods for exercise , then that should have been the answer to the question , not an unequivocal statement that the period to exercise is three years . i , and i am sure many others , made certain critical decisions based on your statement which you now claim to be of no validity . i would suggest that the remedy to this situation is to allow all stock options to have a period to exercise of three years unless earlier due to the actual expiration date stated on the grant . i use the term " expiration date " to be the normal expiration date that would occur is options are unexercised and that would apply to anyone continuing employment with enron . with regard to the position that the period to exercise is set by the particular stock option plan and cannot be changed , anything can be changed or special provisions made particularly in the course of a transition due to a merger , spin off or sale of a company . special provisions were made to exclude hpl employees from the new all employee stock option plan , special provisions were made to provide a 5 % payment to hpl employees in lieu of the new stock option plan , special provisions were made to consider hpl employees over the age of 55 and with more that 5 years of service as retirees to allow vesting of stock options and i feel sure that there have been other special considerations to certain employees . lal echterhoff from march 8 , 2001 , q & a : " 1 . with the transfer to aep , will my termination be listed as involuntary so that i can exercise my vested options ? yes , your transfer to aep will be treated as an involuntary termination by reason of divestiture from enron . 2 . what is the time frame to exercise my vested stock options ? the period to exercise vested options upon involuntary termination , retirement , death or disability is three ( 3 ) years . " . from : fran l mayes / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 30 / 2001 02 : 14 pm subject : stock option questions we have received questions from many employees concerning the expiration date for stock options . the q & a dated march 8 , 2001 stated three years as the exercise date for options . however , on page 1 of the document , a statement was included regarding the intent of the document and that the stock option plan document will govern all provisions of the stock option program . if you have options listed on the stock option termination report which list a one year expiration , not three years as stated in question # 16 of the document , this is correct and follows the provision of the plan document . some employees have options granted under a different stock option plan and that plan carries a three year term of expiration . please review your report carefully to determine which plan your options were issued under . additionally , the document was intended to provide general information only . page 1 included the statement regarding the plan document specifically in case there were any errors made in the document . additionally , we stated that employees could obtain copies of the plan document for their review . enron provides the plan documents so that employees can familiarize themselves with the plan and make decisions based on plan document . i apologize for any confusion this may have caused , however , the plan under which the options were granted is the official document by which enron determines the termination date . please call me if you need to discuss your options , however , understand that i cannot speak with you regarding other employees ' compensation / options . 
2	Subject: re : copper curve tani , no problem . we shall look at the curve on monday . i have organized a small team to examine the curve from different perspectives . curve validation is normally a rac prerogative and i shall get them involved on monday vince tani nath 10 / 27 / 2000 11 : 40 am to : maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , steven leppard / lon / ect @ ect , tim poullain - patterson , harry tefoglou / lon / ect @ ect , esther gerratt / lon / ect @ ect subject : copper curve following steve ' s note to you earlier today , i wanted to mention that we have a fairly urgent need for review of the copper curve in particular , as there is a deal due for final pricing in the next few days . i am not sure what data you have received from enron metals in london , so i am asking tim poullain - patterson to ensure that you have the curves and the economic justification proposed as soon as possible . please direct any questions to him or to harry tefoglou . i will be in the tokyo office next week , but available via e - mail . thanks in advance for your assistance , tani 
2	Subject: hpl noms for nov . 30 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplnl 130 . xls ) - hplnl 130 . xls 
2	Subject: re : energy derivatives hi vince , thanks for your call today - i look forward t speaking to you tomorrow . i ' ll be working at home in the mornng ( my time ) - trying to finish up my chapters ! - my number is 61 2 9460 3079 . best regards . chris . 
2	Subject: pleo 0004 2000 mary , as in my email below to daren , we are seeing some oa variances between flash to actual on the ple contracts on pgev for 10 / 00 - 12 / 00 . i have verified with thu nguyen of what the statements from pgev show and that is also what we have booked in unify and recorded to the g / l as an imbalance . however , when looking in cpr ( under cpr pipeline exchange ) , there was not anything flashed for those months , thus our oa variance . i seem to remember that stacy once said that although we may run an imbalance at the end of a month on occassion , in those few times that we do , 1 ) it should be relatively small and 2 ) in the following days of the next month , we should have worked the imbalance down to zero thus having no imbalance at the end of the month . in a voice mail from daren today , he seemed to think the same thing was happening or even that by the end of each month , we were balanced to zero . can you shed some light on these months and let me know if we should have had an imbalance and if we should have , why there would have not been anything flashed . if we should not have had an imbalance , then we ' ll need your help to figure out what went wrong in that pgev shows an imbalance on their statements . let me know what you think . . . . . . . . . thanks , rita x 37694 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rita wynne / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 06 : 35 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : rita wynne 04 / 24 / 2001 01 : 02 pm to : daren j farmer / hou / ect cc : milton bolanos / na / enron @ enron subject : pleo 0004 2000 daren , when i look back in cpr for the delivery periods of 10 / 00 - 12 / 00 on cpr pipeline exchange , i do not see anything being flashed as an imbalance , i . e . the buys and sales always equal in cpr . however , we are booking an imbalance every month on the parking and lending contract . should there be something in cpr for these volumes ? let me know because it is causing an oa variance for us . thanks ! - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by rita wynne / hou / ect on 04 / 24 / 2001 12 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : thu t nguyen 04 / 24 / 2001 12 : 14 pm to : rita wynne / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : pleo 0004 2000 imbalances : oct 26687 nov - 44177 dec - 9248 
2	Subject: start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; start date : 2 / 1 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 16 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020116 . txt 
2	Subject: re : sales to panenergy at exxon clear lake for 2 / 99 anita . from our conversation today with daren . . . . there should not be a deal in pops for this transaction . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kimberly vaughn / hou / ect on 01 / 14 / 2000 03 : 27 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - kimberly vaughn 01 / 12 / 2000 10 : 27 am to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , anita luong / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : sales to panenergy at exxon clear lake for 2 / 99 daren . i need a deal ticket for this . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kimberly vaughn / hou / ect on 01 / 12 / 2000 09 : 24 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita luong 01 / 07 / 2000 10 : 25 am to : kimberly vaughn / hou / ect @ ect cc : robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : sales to panenergy at exxon clear lake for 2 / 99 kim , please let me know if you have a chance to revisit this issue for meter 4045 for 2 / 99 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . let me know if you have questions . . thanks - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita luong / hou / ect on 01 / 07 / 2000 10 : 22 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita luong 11 / 16 / 99 12 : 01 pm to : kimberly vaughn / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : sales to panenergy at exxon clear lake for 2 / 99 we need to revisit this issue again . there is an exception at meter 4045 for 2 / 99 . in order to clear this up , i need an ect transport delivery at this meter for the 34000 mmbtu . see july ' s allocations in pops for reference . the displacement gas were scheduled as a delivery . i would like to have this issue resolved as soon as possible so that we could clear this off our list . let me know if you have questions . thanks - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita luong / hou / ect on 11 / 16 / 99 11 : 53 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - anita luong 05 / 25 / 99 03 : 36 pm to : kimberly vaughn / hou / ect @ ect cc : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : sales to panenergy at exxon clear lake for 2 / 99 kim , ect sold 34 , 000 mmbtu to panenergy at meter 4045 for 2 / 99 . i ' ve verified w / rebekah seales and she has determined that ect did sell this gas to panenergy . therefore , we need to show a delivery at this meter for panenergy or whomever panenergy is selling this gas to at this point in pops . i need a delivery at this meter in order for this meter to balanced . please take a look at this . call me if you have questions thanks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita luong / hou / ect on 05 / 25 / 99 03 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rebekah e seales 05 / 25 / 99 03 : 04 pm to : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect cc : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , howard b camp @ ccmail subject : re : sales to panenergy at exxon clear lake for 2 / 99 anita : i did some additional research regarding the sale to panenergy at meter 4045 on 2 / 27 and 2 / 28 . this sale was a brokered deal . date purchase volume sale 2 / 27 & 2 / 28 phillips gas mkt . ( # 55397 ) 10 . 000 mmbtu panenergy marketing ( # 64749 ) 10 . 000 mmbtu 2 / 27 & 2 / 28 superior natural gas ( # 57065 ) 7 . 000 mmbtu panenergy marketing ( # 64749 ) 7 . 000 mmbtu ect did not transport this gas away from meter 4045 . if this gas was transported away from meter 4045 , it would have been a transaction between panenergy marketing ( or whomever they sold the gas to at that point ) and hpl . hope this information helps . rs anita luong 05 / 25 / 99 01 : 31 pm to : rebekah e seales / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : sales to panenergy at exxon clear lake for 2 / 99 just want to check see if you have a chance to look at this . . . . . . . . . . . . . . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by anita luong / hou / ect on 05 / 25 / 99 01 : 30 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - rebekah e seales 05 / 24 / 99 03 : 31 pm to : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : sales to panenergy at exxon clear lake for 2 / 99 anita : i ' m working on renominating back to 5 / 1 to the pipeline for the current month . i ' ll work on this first thing tomorrow morning . please let me know if you need the information sooner . thanks ! rs anita luong 05 / 24 / 99 02 : 10 pm to : rebekah e seales / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : sales to panenergy at exxon clear lake for 2 / 99 additional info i see in path manager . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . seems like this is a brokered deal , ect is buying 20 , 000 mmbtu from philips gas and 14 , 000 mmbtu from superior gas and sell the total 34 , 000 mmbtu to panenergy . my question is then who is paying for the tranport of this gas , ect or panenergy ? we need to schedule for the delivery of this gas at meter 984045 . please let me know thanks 
2	Subject: pac april 2001 transmission losses kate and bill , we got the bill for tranny losses for april trasmission . both st _ w _ hrly and wbom had some charges . please let me know if you would like me to put the two annuities that are hilighted in red together under the st _ w _ hrly book , or if you want them separated between the st _ w _ hrly and wbom books . thanks , virginia w hrly wbom epmi mw totals 4592 16 epmi $ totals 39 , 098 . 80 93 . 44 pac totals 4592 16 pac $ totals 39 , 098 . 80 93 . 44 true up - - losses ( $ 8 . 007 / mwh ) 36 , 772 . 37 128 . 13 total annuity 36 , 772 . 37 128 . 13 w hrly wbom grand totals : 75 , 871 . 17 221 . 57 daily detail : date w hrly wbom 4 / 1 / 01 48 4 / 2 / 01 24 4 / 3 / 01 72 4 / 4 / 01 88 4 / 5 / 01 115 4 / 6 / 01 172 4 / 7 / 01 336 4 / 8 / 01 360 4 / 9 / 01 204 4 / 10 / 01 168 16 4 / 11 / 01 192 4 / 12 / 01 288 4 / 13 / 01 288 4 / 14 / 01 288 4 / 15 / 01 288 4 / 16 / 01 288 4 / 17 / 01 252 4 / 18 / 01 156 4 / 19 / 01 168 4 / 20 / 01 84 4 / 21 / 01 168 4 / 22 / 01 192 4 / 23 / 01 234 4 / 24 / 01 162 4 / 25 / 01 360 4 / 26 / 01 378 4 / 27 / 01 440 4 / 28 / 01 480 4 / 29 / 01 120 4 / 30 / 01 270 
2	Subject: we buy renewal commissions tap the hidden value of your business and get the cash you need today . you ' ve got money coming to you . but because it ' s in the form of renewal commissions , it comes slowly . a little every year . we ' re twg capital . we help turn your renewal commissions into immediate cash - cash you can use any way you see fit . we are currently purchasing renewal commissions from the following product lines : long term care , medicare supplement , specified disease , life , and health insurance . for a free evaluation , call or e - mail todd rooks today ! or please fill out the form below for more information name : e - mail : phone : city : state : http : / / www . twg - capital . com we don ' t want anyone to receive our mailings who does not wish to . this is professional communication sent to insurance professionals . to be removed from this mailing list , do not reply to this message . instead , go here : http : / / www . insuranceiq . com / optout legal notice  
2	Subject: big range of all types of downloadable software . software for home and office . the wise man carries his possessions within him . you make ' em , i amuse ' em . [ children ] 
2	Subject: ena trading track all , thank you for your time yesterday interviewing for the ena trading track . i would be grateful if you would not discuss feedback with any of the candidates until all offers are confirmed . i will advise you when candidates have been notified . thanks once again . regards , karen . 
2	Subject: choose the provider that offfers quality meds at discount prices oorder online and get quality meds at bargain prices . it is the saving you can ' t miss . with a wider variety on meds , you have more selection for online shopping . expedite the rx refill with express delivery . more hot specials including freee rx are available online . order meds on women ' s health , pain relief , allergy , sleeping aids , sexual health or other categories , log on to the website for detail . i don ' t want to spend too much on meds anymore cause i have found the way to save on rx meds . - - saving finder clear - walled ldotards 0 diarian dragdowncoembody as the waters receded last week , the death toll kept rising : 20 , 000 , 40 , 000 , 80 , 000 , hayes said he has been frustrated by delays in getting several heavier armored gun carriers 
2	Subject: congrats congratulations on your promotion ! that is really good . 
2	Subject: 3 : 30 pm trade counts - nov 27 trade date na gas na power total trade cnt 11 / 27 / 2001 2016 662 3834 11 / 26 / 2001 2093 655 3547 11 / 25 / 2001 14 22 36 11 / 24 / 2001 48 16 64 11 / 23 / 2001 17 38 376 11 / 22 / 2001 27 8 318 11 / 21 / 2001 2326 712 3540 11 / 20 / 2001 3393 689 4810 11 / 19 / 2001 3604 1047 5533 11 / 18 / 2001 54 15 69 11 / 17 / 2001 24 28 52 11 / 16 / 2001 2626 909 4791 11 / 15 / 2001 2838 1092 5136 11 / 14 / 2001 2553 865 5209 11 / 13 / 2001 2312 930 4791 11 / 12 / 2001 2609 833 4762 11 / 11 / 2001 26 10 37 11 / 10 / 2001 13 17 30 11 / 9 / 2001 1834 782 3654 11 / 8 / 2001 2376 937 4379 11 / 7 / 2001 3497 1542 6034 11 / 6 / 2001 3783 1547 6222 11 / 5 / 2001 3960 1581 6444 11 / 4 / 2001 25 10 36 11 / 3 / 2001 26 32 58 11 / 2 / 2001 3780 1199 5836 11 / 1 / 2001 3973 1493 6539 regional breakdown : 
2	Subject: body you dream about s?ze matters , so get it blg , guys http : / / www . buyherbalsonline . com / r / 
2	Subject: california update - - 09 . 10 . 01 the senate rules committee just met . during the hearing , senate leader john burton stated that : the senate intends to rewrite the version of the mou that the assembly approved last thursday night and sent over to the senate for final approval ( sb 78 ) . the version of the mou that will emerge from the senate sometime this week will look much more like the bill that originally passed out of the senate prior to the july summer recess . that bill was unacceptable to edison and davis , which led to the version that the assembly developed and approved last thursday night . if the senate proceeds as burton suggests , the chances are very low that an mou will make it through the legislature and get davis ' signature . burton generally sticks to his word . but there is still time for additional negotiations and sb 78 could squeak by . however , burton ' s comments in the rules committee certainly don ' t help 78 ' s chances for survival . finally , the assembly is currently debating the last surviving windfall profits bill , and the bill is having a hard time getting the votes necessary for passage . more information on the windfall profits bill as we get it . best , jeff 
2	Subject: it ' s mariah from dating service i ' m mariah , the girl next door . im searching for someone to be with me . i ' ve been searching for hot guy to hangout with . sometimes i get real lonely . i read online and decided to ask around if someone wants to chat online . if you are interested in my webcam to see how i look feel free to visit me . http : / / lastmansitting . com / mc 26 / 
2	Subject: dermatology , neurology , pathology , american doctors directory 7 , 000 hospitals , 25 , 000 nursing homes and 400 , 000 doctors . the new 2005 united states healthcare database . in a rapidly - changing industry , current healthcare information is an invaluable resource to businesses and organizations . the united states healthcare database includes comprehensive information on more than 7 , 000 hospitals , 25 , 000 nursing homes and 400 , 000 doctors . it is the most extensive and reliable mailing list and database of key decision makers in the health care market . each record is indexed by such features as name , address , phone and fax . the database is available in excel format on cd rom . it is designed for mailing lists and merges . the data can be selected by state or other criteria such as type of practice . it can be used on an unlimited basis . for the past 14 years , medcom has maintained the most comprehensive healthcare lists . our directories are 100 % telephone verified and updated every quarter . medcom continues to hold the nation ' s most extensive and reliable databases of key decision - makers in the health care market . available exclusively on cd - rom ( excel ) , the data can be used on an unlimited basis . it is easily exportable to other programs for mailing or faxing purposes . for a limited time , this extensive database is offered at an introductory price of $ 195 ( reg . $ 745 ) . to order , please print this e - mail , complete the information below and fax it to 416 - 765 - 0029 ( tel : 416 - 765 - 0028 ) . name : title : organization : address : city : state : postal : tel : fax : email :  
2	Subject: all graphics software available , cheap oem versions . good morning , we we offer latest oem packages of all graphics and publishing software from corei , macromedia , adobe and others . $ 80 adobe photoshop 8 . 0 / cs $ 140 macromedia studio mx 2004 $ 120 adobe acrobat 7 . 0 professionai $ 150 adobe premiere pro 1 . 5 $ 90 corei designer 10 $ 90 quickbooks 2004 professionai edition $ 75 adobe paqemaker 7 . 0 $ 70 xara x vl . 1 $ 75 adobe audition 1 . 5 $ 90 discreet 3 d studio max 7 $ 115 adobe golive cs $ 135 adobe after effects 6 . 5 standard $ 45 adobe premiere eiements $ 125 corei painter lx $ 80 adobe illustrator cs $ 80 adobe lndesiqn cs $ 240 adobe creative suite $ 140 adobe framemaker 7 . 1 $ 50 ulead cooi 3 d production studio 1 . 0 . 1 $ 90 alias motion buiider 6 professionai $ 30 quicken 2004 premier home & biz $ 30 adobe photoshop eiements 3 . 0 $ 110 adobe premiere pro 7 . 0 learn more . . . sincereiy , tynisha  
2	Subject: compaq computer on us official notice ! your free flat panel monitor is waiting to be claimed by you ! please see here to claim . bait - excelled @ em . ca bait - excelled @ em . ca to no longer receive advertisements from freeflatscreens . com please click the link below or mail us at : freeflatscreens . com po box 50945 washington dc 20001 click here to unsubscribe + + + + + the preceding advertisement was sent from fillmypocketsfull . com to bait - excelled at em . ca . if you would like to stop receiving advertisements from fillmypocketsfull . com in the future , please + + + + +  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; start date : 1 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010214 . txt 
2	Subject: prc committee meeting - 4 / 10 / 01 - agenda / packets the following items are attached for the prc committee meeting this afternoon : agenda ; folder packets if you have any problems or questions , please do not hesitate to call . thanks , jackie martin ( 713 - 345 - 3563 ) assistant for gina corteselli ( 713 - 345 - 3377 ) 
2	Subject: ! gorgeous , custom websites - $ 399 complete ! ( 4156 cumg 9 - 855 yqkc 5 @ 17 ) beautiful custom websites , $ 399 complete ! get a beautiful , 100 % custom web site ( or yours redesigned ) for only $ 399 ! * we have references coast to coastand will give you plenty of sites to view ! includes up to 7 pages ( you can add more ) , java rollover buttons , feedback forms , more . it will be constructed to your taste and specifications , we do not use templates . our sites are completely custom . * must host with us @ $ 19 . 95 / mo ( 100 megs , 20 email accounts , control panel , front page , graphical statistics , more ) . for sites to view , complete below or call our message center at 321 - 726 - 2209 ( 24 hours ) . your call will be returned promptly . note : if you are using a web based email program ( such as yahoo , hotmail , etc . ) the form below will not work . instead of using the form , click here ( you must include your name , phone and state to get a response , no exceptions . name : phone w / ac * : state : type project : new site : redesign current site ? : comments : your information is neither sold nor shared with third parties under any circumstance . to be eliminated from future mailings , click here [ 6560 icum 3 - 199 gyqk 9350 cvph 2 - 701 z @ 29 ] 
2	Subject: good news about your rate hows it been going ? you have been chosen to participate in an invitation only event ! are you currently paying over 3 % for your mortgage ? stop ! we can help you lower that today ! answer only a few questions and we can get you approved in under 1 minute , it ' s that simple ! more info here : anyhgh . com $ 302 , 000 loans are available for only $ 231 / month ! everyone is approved ! bad credit ? no problem ! we ' ll have you saving money in no time ! are you ready to save ? just fill out our short form : anyhgh . com thanks alot , baez v . jodie , v projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org the secret of life is honesty and fair dealing . if you can fake that , you ' ve got it made . - groucho marx ( 1890 - 1977 ) . from that day on there were new rules in my classroom . each student was to have an adult ' communication partner ' at the computer . this adult was to sit with the child , not saying a word until the student stopped and looked at the adult or in some other way indicated that communication was desired . then the adult was only to encourage the student by saying the word , nodding the headand smiling . the student was allowed to continue his or her learning . when the student imitated a word , the adult was to respond appropriately . no questions were allowed during this beginning phase . the students were just learning to talk . . luke is missing jumping today . . few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example . . all my life i ' ve wanted to be someone ; i guess i should have been more specific . jane wagner / lily tomlin ( 1939 - ) . i am not missing surfing . . 
2	Subject: california update # 2 ; 3 / 27 / 01 ? item 5 b of the puc draft decision , which implements the 3 cent / kwh rate increase , has just passed unanimously . commissioner lynch stressed again that this rate increase can only be used by the utilities for power purchases going forward with the only exception being that the utilities must pay the state the money they owe for the power purchased by the dwr . ? the tiered rate structure was not debated or voted upon . lynch said that this cannot be decided until the rate structure is complete and the committee would work on this issue on an " expedited basis , " approximately 30 days . ? commissioners brown and wood explicitly thanked lynch for taking courageous leadership in spearheading this decision . 
2	Subject: nom 5 / 1 ( revised ) - eastrans my understanding is that we have been cut for the lst on hpl ' s transportation to 8 , 000 mmbtu / d . therefore , we are reducing our nom for 5 / 1 and following to 40 , 800 mmbtu / d . the redeliveries are as follows : 7 , 800 from fuels cotton valley 8 , 000 into pg & e 25 , 000 to hpl ' s cartwheel agreement at carthage for defs ' info , we will have 3 , 720 mmbtu / d available at the tailgate of carthage for sale . 
2	Subject: mitch moulton interview this afternoon / room change fyi : the lpm interview with mitch moulton will take place in the cascade conference room . amy will not be interviewing , as she has a conflicting appointment this afternoon . let me know if you have any questions ! - grace x 8321 
2	Subject: re : sun , 2 may 2004 23 : 25 : 27 - 0500 message is loading . . . image not showing ? see message here . discontinue lzrzq ghzl , etsj , wuua . akrah uqlvdm cfd , mdwf , rxsn . ojxalh lquigi mwrobw , nbxukr , egoupl . bso kkw uzdr , turvi , uehly . toij cmusa fxybyd , typkt , gqdndd . xsjiun qiw nvvo , ajp , ybuxhm . xqe nyh swtiep , rldih , ryfrz . oioqfe dtu smjlx , adjn , rwmku . bvtr jjjng icba , mlmc , rldz . bmo frt kxjtj , byieb , tov . slafqz tnzr slvc , hxt , ztqdva . lyh lhkbiv yuoto , oqlvnh , mctrxv . ityn fzh ucoqs , etxwgt , nyy . tsp hai nonnw , jatasc , lad . vnht zmfqcp mxg , mvzseb , gtqlgs . znd isj aayrs , oyoc , pwaqkg . ctrwjs obthmp opah , qfqub , rbxdji . dbdo odx mjwvyl , fopm , jpoas . dcwkhx vtdy kmc , haw , hmv . shli fynh zqtpm , umdf , hpihlr . xmmst cdeaso rgs , sffhk , isb . bnj myget jynl , dik , aue . zltl lnop xho , pvryep , pgrzsb . mfim cxonme ocldz , ysaci , tqf . iiuw diif zuw , zlhmoj , obts . hnbogl bimgs nax , xbik , xat . oxhii vmhc efhs , aqacoj , rslb . lxfbuo ehfq jqvqzp , zfdctm , mgro . clee vplc eth , qxv , cxnf . isgvax ycweid zqew , zfs , fqv . ninorh ohwxh voi , nho , fltlfj . vgxip yiv yftv , rqabq , igj . tebzn uuqf dfvy , tdxqs , iur . magyq crb kxmae , dkueon , mfdc . aunm tko nfwfpu , ryqx , kbbzm . gqrvsn ejdrx eexl , tcnuum , gphhb . ntoil ssnv myntyy , rcd , ypue . dli ydqip ahgxqv , fou , enjk . hbzlic scw ueko , twdlr , qhxxol . aqn palr fwu , qane , hbmsu . lcni arsqg fhjw , oucplc , rlmszg . otrbej vdtbaa lxqat , rew , wjkqi . fxmwaq enmzrn byz , asnu , kqxt . newv irfb lqnl , cnld , gdg . zhg ebv frpib , qejbv , mebz . gnym uldad bye , pttt , jxnl . ozz bqyoqk kvqmb , qze , rzukce . prefqd tvvi fuycm , dmdfqe , pyi . erlvv oaohwj kqokua , ancffg , xfnrlg . hetxg gesy kob , oahd , mljr . qgb odl zib , ofdow , cxutxb . cpj irc ugf , rzzza , qgoe . ejb cae dvk , gbvw , cbyvb . xdinjz nfco ernf , jrn , uinsmp . ispfv uhbnu qlp , cddyo , nfrvs . kjas rzzr iuge , ypsxt , ctlzgq . ekz ubi vhwo , gjill , cdeyag . nhadxe zuk chxlg , lmv , xgca . iym raytfw vxth , xpxi , lvjg . hotjac pvar uwrt , opb , osn . pyuzgl uhr jckgcd , yzruvf , zvzr . yhi ioeqln iynuep , eqwvmu , xtayk . xtv dlw wkge , tyn , vtbu . pouoj mvh pezspy , oiw , sqthb . acmqt lhl thod , seskc , ymf . fxnoy  
2	Subject: head traders for enron wholesale services memo please review the attached authorized trader lists for your area , review , make changes ( if necessary ) and fax the initialled copy to veronica valdez at ( 713 ) 646 - 2194 . thank you . veronica 
2	Subject: daisy newspaper - expose exposing modern life n . v _ r ion marketing limitedd 2 , 23 , borrett road , mid - levels westhong kong deck backstage absentminded elsevier sideshow evanescent menarche dim cosec culvert hypocritical garrison charge bigot tycoon naacp corpora zing relic agglomerate anthropomorphism multipliable testamentary variac vestigial bistable belies 
2	Subject: pr resume - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect on 06 / 05 / 2000 06 : 33 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - proan @ mindspring . com on 06 / 02 / 2000 10 : 02 : 34 pm to : bjorn hagelmann / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : pr resume bjorn , it was good to talk to you on yesterday . i was contacted by jason sokolov this morning and he advised me to forward my resume to you . the best day for me to interview would be friday , june 9 th . i hope to hear from you soon . phil roan ( 713 ) 759 - 1741 ( h ) ( 713 ) 544 - 7469 ( w ) proan @ mindspring . com roanp @ kochind . com - quant resume _ 4 . dot 
2	Subject: contracts what is status of contracts for chis dorland , lloyd will , juan hernandez , don baughman , and narsima misra ? in addition , are we planning on responding to dana ' s counter ? it seems appropriate to at least respond in some fashion . no response does not send a very good message . 
2	Subject: fw : november data for 11 / 14 / 01 west volumes and eol trades look hopeful . we are still kicking ice ' s butt . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : alport , kysa sent : wednesday , november 14 , 2001 4 : 36 pm to : alonso , tom ; badeer , robert ; belden , tim ; crandall , sean ; driscoll , michael m . ; fischer , mark ; mallory , chris ; morris , jeremy ; motley , matt ; platter , phillip ; purcell , mike ; richter , jeff ; salisbury , holden ; scholtes , diana ; swerzbin , mike ; williams iii , bill subject : november data for 11 / 14 / 01 total trades for day 572 eol trades for day 404 ice trades 3 epmi ice trades 41 eol deals from : 11 / 01 / 2001 to : 11 / 14 / 2001 enpower from : 11 / 01 / 2001 to : 11 / 14 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 390 6 , 063 , 856 epmi long term california 38 1 , 276 , 554 epmi long term northwest 209 3 , 011 , 800 epmi long term northwest 83 2 , 804 , 626 epmi long term southwest 289 6 , 673 , 591 epmi long term southwest 209 8 , 144 , 373 epmi short term california 1 , 143 1 , 478 , 048 epmi short term california 428 1 , 094 , 049 epmi short term northwest 682 865 , 800 epmi short term northwest 281 528 , 489 epmi short term southwest 881 1 , 271 , 152 epmi short term southwest 447 1 , 818 , 063 real time 816 20 , 700 real time 294 27 , 222 grand total 4 , 410 19 , 384 , 947 grand total 1 , 780 15 , 693 , 376 eol deals from : 11 / 14 / 2001 to : 11 / 14 / 2001 enpower from : 11 / 14 / 2001 to : 11 / 14 / 2001 desk total deals total mwh desk total deals total mwh epmi long term california 17 276 , 000 epmi long term california 2 20 , 000 epmi long term northwest 32 555 , 600 epmi long term northwest 7 251 , 233 epmi long term southwest 53 1 , 095 , 125 epmi long term southwest 8 366 , 245 epmi short term california 107 216 , 008 epmi short term california 53 158 , 968 epmi short term northwest 80 89 , 160 epmi short term northwest 32 33 , 276 epmi short term southwest 68 77 , 200 epmi short term southwest 43 143 , 601 real time 47 1 , 175 real time 23 1 , 196 grand total 404 2 , 310 , 268 grand total 168 974 , 519 eol deals from : 11 / 14 / 2001 to : 11 / 14 / 2001 eol deals from : 11 / 14 / 2001 to : 11 / 14 / 2001 long term west management total deals total mwh short term west bom total deals total mwh daily 0 0 daily 0 0 month - to - date eol 9 2 , 200 month - to - date eol 0 0 enpower daily deals 0 0 enpower daily deals 0 0 month - to - date enpower 2 2 , 003 enpower daily deals 0 0 eol deals from : 11 / 14 / 2001 to : 11 / 14 / 2001 epmi california services total deals total mwh daily 0 0 month - to - date 0 0 enpower daily deals 0 0 ice volumes from : 11 / 14 / 2001 to : 11 / 14 / 2001 delivery point total mwh epmi mwh price cob ( p , next day ) 400 0 $ 22 . 75 mid c ( p , next day ) 2 , 000 400 $ 19 . 15 mid c ( op , next day ) 1 , 000 0 $ 16 . 72 mid c ( p , bal month ) 14 , 400 0 $ 21 . 43 mid c ( p , dec - 01 ) 90 , 000 0 $ 32 . 54 mid c ( p , jan - 02 ) 20 , 800 0 $ 33 . 00 np - 15 ( he 1700 ) 25 0 $ 27 . 50 np - 15 ( he 1900 ) 50 0 $ 28 . 50 np - 15 ( he 2100 ) 50 0 $ 25 . 50 np - 15 ( he 2200 ) 50 0 $ 25 . 50 np - 15 ( p , next day ) 4 , 800 800 $ 24 . 30 np - 15 ( op , next day ) 2 , 600 400 $ 17 . 18 np - 15 ( p , bal month ) 9 , 600 0 $ 25 . 75 np - 15 ( p , dec - 01 ) 60 , 000 0 $ 32 . 67 np - 15 ( p , jan - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 33 . 70 palo ( he 1700 ) 25 0 $ 21 . 00 palo ( op , next day ) 1 , 400 0 $ 12 . 50 palo ( p , next day ) 10 , 000 0 $ 18 . 71 palo ( p , bal month ) 72 , 000 0 $ 22 . 62 palo ( op , dec - 01 ) 25 , 800 0 $ 19 . 33 palo ( p , dec - 01 ) 70 , 000 0 $ 27 . 20 palo ( p , jan - 02 ) 62 , 400 0 $ 29 . 41 palo ( p , mar - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 29 . 25 palo ( p , jun - 02 ) 10 , 000 0 $ 41 . 25 palo ( p , jul - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 54 . 50 palo ( p , aug - 02 ) 32 , 400 0 $ 61 . 00 palo ( p , sep - 02 ) 28 , 800 0 $ 47 . 67 palo ( p , apr - 02 ) 10 , 400 0 $ 30 . 00 palo ( p , ql 02 ) 30 , 400 0 $ 29 . 25 palo ( p , q 2 02 ) 61 , 600 0 $ 35 . 00 palo ( p , q 3 02 ) 30 , 800 0 $ 55 . 00 sp - 15 ( he 1100 ) 25 0 $ 26 . 50 sp - 15 ( he 1700 ) 25 0 $ 26 . 75 sp - 15 ( he 1900 ) 50 0 $ 28 . 50 sp - 15 ( p , next day ) 6 , 000 0 $ 24 . 07 sp - 15 ( op , next day ) 1 , 200 0 $ 16 . 50 sp - 15 ( p , bal month ) 19 , 200 0 $ 24 . 90 sp - 15 ( op , dec - 01 ) 17 , 200 0 $ 22 . 25 sp - 15 ( p , dec - 01 ) 40 , 000 0 $ 30 . 13 sp - 15 ( p , ql 02 ) 91 , 200 0 $ 32 . 17 sp - 15 ( p , cal 03 ) 122 , 800 0 $ 44 . 50 grand total 980 , 700 1 , 600 $ 1 , 196 . 15 
2	Subject: re : beaumont methanol - meter 1428 - october 2000 i ' m think i left out a detail - the 54 , 000 mmbtu for the three days oct 21 to 23 to beaumont methanol needs to be all priced at the base deal , not on the swing ticket . from : lee l papayoti on 11 / 14 / 2000 03 : 45 pm to : anita luong / hou / ect @ ect , buddy majorwitz / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : gary a hanks / hou / ect @ ect , james mckay / hou / ect @ ect subject : beaumont methanol - meter 1428 - october 2000 ladies and gents : on sat oct 21 , hpl meter # 1428 had a malfunction , and started flowing at a very high rate , way over the nominated rate of 18 , 000 / d ( gas control will confirm this ) . since sat - sun - mon are all one gas day from a gas daily perspective , i told gas control to try to balance on sun after the meter was fixed , by cutting back to a lower flow rate . so we will need to do a special allocation for the three days october 21 - 23 , saturday through monday . the three day total for the meter is 59 , 067 mmbtu . beaumont methanol nominated 54 , 000 mmbtu ( i . e . 18 , 000 / d for 3 days ) . we should allocate a total of 54 , 000 mmbtu to beaumont methanol for the three days , and the 5 , 067 mmbtu excess will be purchased by brandywine - under sitara # 484934 priced at gas daily hsc midpoint . please call with questions . thanks lee 3 . 5923 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by lee l papayoti / hou / ect on 11 / 13 / 2000 04 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : buddy majorwitz 11 / 13 / 2000 03 : 53 pm to : lee l papayoti / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : beaumont methanol - meter 1428 - october 2000 lee , here is the volume allocation as supplied by anita luong and my calculation worksheet for the captioned meter . give me a call if you have any questions . buddy x - 31933 
2	Subject: fw : calpine daily gas nomination ( revised ) > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : ricky archer > sent : wednesday , february 09 , 2000 9 : 19 am > to : ' rlloyd @ enron . com ' > cc : ' dfarmer @ enron . com ' ; ' jyoung @ enron . com ' > subject : calpine daily gas nomination > > > - calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc 
2	Subject: re : prospective 6 / 22 houston visit ehud , june 22 works for me . do you want to firm it up ? vince " ehud i . ronn " on 05 / 25 / 2000 06 : 45 : 49 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : prospective 6 / 22 houston visit vince , many thanks for your e - mail . > what about june 22 ? i have several trips in between may 25 and june 22 . i thank you for the invitation . may i at this time acquire an " option " to visit on that date , with the finalization of the visit ' s timing to be completed early next month ? thanks and best regards , ehud ehud i . ronn department of finance college and graduate school of business university of texas at austin austin , tx . 78712 - 1179 voice : ( 512 ) 471 - 5853 fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 internet : eronn @ mail . utexas . edu  
2	Subject: convenient refills for viagra - satisfaction guaranteed buy cheap prescriptions online love is know the pain of too much tenderness . be content with your lot ; one cannot be first in everything . when the gods wish to punish us , they answer our prayers . in order to succeed , we must first believe that we can . 
2	Subject: start sharing your opinion today and you will be rewarded ! complete online surveys and earn cash and rewards . your participation and feedback will shape the way many companies alter their existing products and services . take a look this link takes you off the list q cmz gkplxjmnlhxslazdb m qlgyagiwtwwg djack ecl 
2	Subject: shooting stars stock report investor aiert - l r c j - brand new stock for your attention lauraan corporation - stock symbol : l r c j breaking news reieased by the company on friday after the ciose - watch out the stock go crazy on monday morning 24 th of january . current price : $ 0 . 12 current price : $ o . 12 projected speculative price in next 5 days : $ o . 42 projected specuiative price in next 15 days : $ o . 6 o lauraan corporation ( lauraan ) is a premier provider of home entertainment and home automation products and services to the new home market . the company seils primarily through homebuilders to homebuyers who are building homes in the $ 3 ook , and up range . lauraan is an early stage company in the process of developing its business , nationwide , through acquisitions of existing home technoiogy companies in seiect markets throughout the country . the company has an experienced management team that has years of experience in the home technoiogy industry . current price : $ 0 . 12 current status lauraan has compieted its first acquisition , syslync of georgia ( georgia ) . the company plans to acquire 3 more locations in the next 4 months ( lois are negotiated and ready to be announced . ) georgia currently has annuaiized revenues of $ 5 ook and is expected to doubie its monthly revenue in the next 6 months . the three next acquisitions wil | add an additiona | $ 2 . 5 miliion in revenue . long - term strategy the company pians to raise funds to make acquisitions throughout strategic new home markets and create a national brand with revenues of $ 50 - 75 miilion by 2007 . lauraan wi | | be recognized for its quality of service , vaiue provided , and the simplicity of its soiutions . breaking news : lauraan corporation announces new servicing and buiider agreements grapevine , texas , jan 14 , 2 oo 5 / prnewswire - firstca | | via comtex / - - lauraan corporation ( l r c j ) ( " lauraan " ) , a provider of home entertainment and automation products for the new home market , announced today that their who | | y - owned subsidiary , syslync of georgia , ( syslync ) has compieted an exciusive agreement with certicom , inc . a nationa | provider of home and commercial security systems , to service their residentia | accounts in the atianta area . in addition , syslync has been named the sole instalier for new insta | | ations of residential alarms for certicom and wi | | be their provider of other home technology products too . sysiync aiso announced today that they were selected as the preferred provider of home technoiogy products and services for atlanta - based lou freeman properties , inc . , a developer and builder of custom homes in the $ 2 oo , ooo to $ 1 , ooo , ooo plus , range . " these two agreements wi | | more than doubie the homes we touch throughout the atlanta area , " stated david watson , genera | manager of sysiync , " and the agreements wiil provide syslync with steady , recurring revenue streams important to our profitabiiity . " lauraan is a home entertainment and technoiogy soiutions provider that offers builders and homeowners a single source for their audio / video , home theater , security , computer and home automation needs . through its company - owned stores , lauraan subsidiaries work directly with buiiders and homeowners , to design and insta | | home technology soiutions that f i t the homeowner ' s | ifestyle and budget . safe harbor act disc | @ imer : this press release contains forward - lo 0 king statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 , as amended , and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , as amended ( the " exchange act " ) , and as such , may involve risks and uncertainties . forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and describe future plans , strategies , and expectations , are generaily identifiabie by the use of words such as " beiieve , " " expect , " " intend " " anticipate , " " estimate , " " project , " or simiiar expressions . these forward - | ooking statements reiate to , among other things , expectations of the business environment in which the company operates , projections of future performance , potential future performance , perceived opportunities in the market , and statements regarding the company ' s mission and vision . the company ' s actua | results , performance , and achievements may differ materially from the resuits , performance , and achievements expressed or implied in such forward - | ooking statements due to a wide range of factors which are set forth in our annual report on form lo - ksb on fiie with the sec . read this legal notes before you do anything eise : information within this emai | contains " forward looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be " forward looking statements . " forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual resuits or events to differ materially from those presentiy anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : " projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " estimates , " " believes , " " understands " " will , " " part of : " anticipates , " or that by statements indicating certain actions " may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . al | information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . emerging equity aiert advises a | | readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this emai | . none of the materia | within this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice . piease have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsietter about the news published by the company does not represent the company officia | statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news reiease meant to say . look the news reiease by yourseif and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disciose the hoiding of l r c j shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent confiict of interest resuiting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the | iquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to piace undue reliance on forward - | ooking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materialiy from those set forth in the forward - | ooking statements . piease be advised that nothing within this emai | sha | | constitute a soiicitation or an invitation to get position in or sel | any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiiiated with any broker or deaier . this newsietter was paid $ 1956 o from third party to send this report . a | | statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , take position and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report inciudes forward - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may inciude terms as " expect " , " believe " , " may " , " wil | " , " move " , " undervaiued " and " intend " or simiiar terms . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfully piaced in our | i s t , please gohere ( - stocksender @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: wall street journal subscription good morning mary sue : can you please get the wall street journal for kevin kindall ? it should be delivered to the 19 th floor along with the rest . co . # 0011 , rc # 100038 thanks and have a great day ! shirley 3 - 5290 
2	Subject: 21 st annual energy symposium - november 28 - 29 , 2000 , houston , texas dear vince , thank you for taking the time to dine with chris and me back on monday 2 october . further to our dinner , i would like to forward you information on three topics : the partners who lead arthur andersen ' s relationship with enron are david duncan , based in houston , and simon prew , based in london ; our country managing partner for russia and details of our 21 st energy symposium are attached below . if you are interested in registering for our symposium please contact david directly . should you require any further information on the topics we discussed over dinner ( strategy , value and risk ) please do not hesitate to contact us in houston or london . regards , allan ( embedded image moved to file : pic 20284 . pcx ) the energy symposium is one of the largest energy conferences in the world and we are successful in attracting senior energy executives as speakers to this 2 - day event . this year ' s event will be november 28 & 29 . the energy symposium is much more that just an " accounting conference . " industry leaders discuss a range of topics and share their perspectives on strategic , economic , political , financial and operating issues . participants find the networking aspect of the symposium to be especially valuable . there is ample time during the event for them to meet and talk with their counterparts and colleagues in the industry . and it is a premier marketing opportunity for arthur andersen , where more than 300 partners and managers get to spend two days with 700 executives from the energy and utilities industry in a forum . the symposium check - in begins monday , november 27 at 6 p . m . , with a cocktail reception in the galleria ballroom foyer . arthur andersen personnel are encouraged to attend for an opportunity to network with colleagues , clients and prospective clients in an informal setting . thank you in advance and i look forward to seeing you and your clients in houston . victor a . burk monday , november 27 , 2000 6 - 10 p . m . opening reception tuesday , november 28 , 2000 7 : 00 a . m . registration 8 : 15 a . m . symposium wide opening and welcome 8 : 30 a . m . opening plenary session global power companies : strategies for success 10 : 00 a . m . break 10 : 30 a . m . concurrent session i i - a the changing face of utilities : u . s . restructuring continues i - b bandwidth markets : opportunities & pitfalls noon lunch and keynote presentation 2 : 00 p . m . concurrent session ii ii - a retail energy services : the new game ii - b mergers & acquisitions : more to come ? ii - c new business models and technologies : changing the supply chain 3 : 30 p . m . break 4 : 00 p . m . concurrent session iii iii - a opportunities and risks in the emerging global emissions trading market iii - b oil field services : the new landscape iii - c accounting and reporting outlook 5 : 30 p . m . reception wednesday , november 29 , 2000 7 : 00 a . m . registration 8 : 00 a . m . breakfast roundtable discussions rt - 1 asia / pacific region rt - 2 caspian region rt - 3 bandwidth markets rt - 4 customer relationship management rt - 5 digital markets rt - 6 value creation in the e & p industry 9 : 45 a . m . break 10 : 15 a . m . concurrent session iv iv - a trading and marketing : new products and new players iv - b creating value in the e & p industry 11 : 45 a . m . lunch and keynote presentation 2 : 00 p . m . supply chain optimization workshop 4 : 00 p . m . symposium adjourns the printed program and registration materials will be mailed to more than 10 , 000 people on our us oil and gas and utility mailing lists on october 2 . a copy of the materials is attached below . in addition , you can always refer to our website , www . energysymposium . com , for any updates to the agenda . ( see attached file : es _ 2000 . pdf ) headquarters : octel & network : 713 - 237 - 5400 fax : 713 - 237 - 2214 lotus notes : energy symposium hq or energy . symposium @ arthurandersen . com symposium in - charge : melissa l . spradley octel & network : 713 - 237 - 2385 fax : 713 - 237 - 5673 symposium contact : mickey r . appel octel & network : 713 - 237 - 2472 fax : 713 - 237 - 5673 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * internet email confidentiality footer * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * the uk firm of arthur andersen is authorised by the institute of chartered accountants in england and wales to carry on investment business . a list of partners is available at 1 surrey street , london , wc 2 r 2 ps ( principal place of business ) . privileged / confidential information may be contained in this message . if you are not the addressee indicated in this message ( or responsible for delivery of the message to such person ) , you may not copy or deliver this message to anyone . in such case , you should destroy this message and kindly notify the sender by reply email . please advise immediately if you or your employer do not consent to internet email for messages of this kind . opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not relate to the official business of my firm shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by it . - pic 20284 . pcx - es _ 2000 . pdf 
2	Subject: if you want real vicodin read this save over 50 % on prescriptionqdrugs with our on - line pharmacy you cand 1 . buy name brandumedicine like vicodinz ( not the european version most on - linexpharmacies sell ) 2 . never have to get a bprescriptiond from your doctor again 3 . have the medicine shipped right to your door . if all this sounds good to you then click here to learn more about what we can do . we carry over 100 name brand prescriptionydrugs so we will have what you are looking for at discount prices . so , click here to visit us today and see for yourself .  
2	Subject: want a watch ? http : / / qgt . hensi . com 
2	Subject: jill , i have had several discussions with daren farmer and below are a few questions remaining . ann mag - which plant does this gas come into or out of ? daren farmer indicated that ngpl / trunkline is connected to la gloria ( agua dulce ) and tenn / coral / shannel are connected to the gulf plains plant ( agua dulce minus ) . do we have an option on which plant tailgait we would like delivery ? if so daren said we would prefer the gulf plains plant . oakhill - are all three at the carthage hub ? if so , then the texas desk will give a quote , probably hsc minus , otherwise the east and central desk will need to quote the volume into tetco and koch mid , respectively . vaquillas ranch km - what plant processes this gas ? white heron - where is this ? could not find it on the map and daren was not familiar with this field . sheridan field - daren assumed this was the shell sheridan plant , but he wanted to verify with you . hungerford north - where is this ? bear den - where is this ? moore ' s station - where is this ? dan hughes - hpl is quoting this volume ( as well as several other field connected to hpl ) and they need a meter number for this field . we have one less day to get these quotes than originally anticipated because of friday being " good friday " and basically all of the 32 nd floor being out , myself included . so , let me know via voicemail or email what you can find out regarding the above questions . the properties we do not have any questions on are currently being quoted up , or will be tomorrow morning . call with any questions eric work 713 - 345 - 7754 cell 713 - 412 - 7754 ps - just a reminder , we are getting the volumes quoted at our preferred liquid point and it will be eex ' s responsibility / burden to get the gas to that point . 
2	Subject: hpl nomination for january 15 thru 17 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplol 15 . xls ) - hplol 15 . xls 
2	Subject: sell advertising space on your website did you know that selling advertising on your website is a great way to earn extra revenues with absolutely no extra effort ? admerchant allows you to set up ad space on your site and sell it quickly , easily and directly to buyers . you will have the immediate benefit of earning significant revenues . this is because admerchant pays you for displaying the ad and not just for clickthrus . in addition , you also get these great benefits as standard : no software to install or download . just paste a couple of lines of html on your web pages . you have total control by deciding what ads to allow on your site . you decide how much to charge for your ad space . payments are made to you automatically regardless of the amount . it is free to join and you remain in total control of your ad space . take advantage of our early sign up promotion and receive the following services free with your membership ! a premium entry of your site in admerchant ' s directory . a free search engine optimisation ( seo ) assesment of your site . one of our team of consultants will assess your website and give you a detailed report on how you may increase your search engine rankings . all you have to do is visit the directory and get your site listed today . with warmest regards , george stevens customer manager , www . admerchant . co . uk george . stevens @ admerchant . co . uk please note that the free seo assesment of your site is a limited time offer and will be offered on a first come first serve basis . your are subscribed as glovechangeful @ mailb . fakeoutdoorsman . com . . please click here to unsubscribe . if you have any suggestions or feedback regarding this email , please contact us .  
2	Subject: re : gwen koepke i will see you on friday at 3 . if you would like for me to come before then , just let me know . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kaminski , vince sent : wednesday , may 02 , 2001 3 : 01 pm to : labbe , anne cc : kaminski , vince subject : re : gwen koepke anne , thanks for contacting me about this . as a matter of fact , i wanted to talk to you about it today as this matter was outstanding for a long time . i think we should go ahead and adjust gwen to manager , effective march 1 . the compensation would be her current base plus 10 k . this is what we typically do when we promote an associate to a manager . such promotions take place in march and i think gwen should not be penalized for the inefficiency of her management ( i . e . my and maureen ' s procrastination ) . on unrelated and more serious matter . gary hickerson is the primary client for maureen ' s services . he communicated to me a few weeks ago that he is unwilling to underwrite maureen ' s position ( he is in general unhappy with her contribution ) . this means that maureen will have to find another sponsor or leave enron . given her abrasive and aggressive personality finding another internal customer will be quite a challenge . gary volunteered to pay a very generous severance to maureen from his budget . i would like to talk to you about it when you have a few minutes . vince from : anne labbe / enron @ enronxgate on 05 / 02 / 2001 10 : 34 am to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : gwen koepke vince , just wanted to touch base with you . i have tried to contact maureen so that gwen ' s title and salary can be adjusted to manager just as you requested , but have not heard any response from her . would you like for me to wait until i hear from maureen or should i go ahead and proceed in changing her title ? i just want to make sure that gwen is in the right peer group during prc . also , i am going to try and set up a meeting with you next week through shirley to discuss any buring issues that you are experiencing , and your expectations during prc . thanks , anne 
2	Subject: napoleonville land louise , reliant did not acquire the land on friday evening because : enron does not have a complete chain of title . we only had it going back to our acquisition of the land . they have gone to the court house this weekend to get relevant documents . we will not indemnify them on potential environmental issues - but they should have done due dilgence this past weekend . i am confident that we will send the land to either texas brine or reliant . reliant will be contacting me today regarding the prior two issues and as stated on friday , they have already cut a cashier ' s check for $ 3 million . regards , mrha 
2	Subject: i can ' t tell you how much fun we had hello , welcome to pharmzonl instigator ine pediculous shop - one of the ieading larrup oniine civilspoken pharmaceuticai shops v bluebird l obscure gr treaty l l brentgoose u nyctalopia a district acl inedibility a i protectorate sva inherency l demobilization m andmanyother . total confidentiai manikin ity , over 5 polenta miliion customers , worldw clarinet ide shlpplng , s rationale ave over 60 % ! have a nice da address y ! 
2	Subject: 2002 tx orig budget faith : please find the attached budget for tx gas orig per louise ' s request . i have compared the budget distributed by david vandor to the budget submitted to the office of the chair last september ( adjusted for a smaller head count ) . this is located under the natural gas orig - texas tab in the attached spreadsheet . my main comments are as follows : 1 . travel and entertainment seems a bit low as we need to be meeting with / signing up / marketing to a new customer base . 2 . netco will need to pay for outside engineering and technical services as our in - house staff has been reduced ( pipeline mapping , flow analysis ) 3 . the supplies number for netco seems low given past expenditures . please call or email me if you need anything else . brian ( 713 - 853 - 1839 , m : 713 - 705 - 4591 ) 
2	Subject:  sud euler gangling phoneme billy birdlike dutch actinolite tout sowbelly . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from asymptotic we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares beam  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 11 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012811 . txt 
2	Subject: hpl nom for july 14 , 2000 ( see attached file : hplo 714 . xls ) - hplo 714 . xls 
2	Subject: power failure guys , what is the contingency plan to manage these outages in the event we can ' t manage this as effectively in future situations ? regards delainey - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by david w delainey / hou / ect on 06 / 29 / 2000 12 : 25 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - david w delainey 06 / 29 / 2000 12 : 25 pm to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , philippe a bibi / hou / ect @ ect , beth perlman / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : power failure guys , your teams did a great job managing a very difficult situation with very few material effects to the organization . it is noticed and appreciated please pass on to your organization if you feel appropriate . regards delainey 
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 7 ? q ? _ luv _ to _ s . ave  3 f _ you ' ll _ luv _ our _ eshoppe . . ?  we provide a wide range of finest generic medicines to reach our shopper ! / s requirements . cures for painaches , sleep apnea , added pounds , family healthcare within our complete range of eshoppe . our company handles and distributes the or - der in a timely manner . for wonderful lovvprice tablets , check this chemist - site . http : / / f . d . homeandrelaxation . com / 2 p / the company has marked down the prices on all items significantly . you can benefit from reduced pricing on rxmeds easily . it is really a convenient choice to me . after placing the or - der at your site , i just check the site and every details about the or - der are shown . you have helped me pocket a lot of rnoney . thank you all ! - - jesse b . in ca whom i had yes , sir , a mr elliot , a gentleman of large fortune , came in last night . granting your assertion that the world does all this so soon for men seen curtseying at the door when i was on ham ' s back , . about a quarter of a mile off . from sidmouth . dare say you heard the carriage , sir , while you were likewise by a 1 most beautiful litt 35 le girl ( or i thought her so )  
2	Subject: clayton vernon kevin , vasant and i talked to clayton about his request for transfer . clayton received a conditional approval contingent upon completion of the current project he works on . vasant will formulate exact definition of the deliverables and we will hold clayton to it . if he fails to deliver the request for transfer will be rejected . anything else would be highly demoralizing to everybody . clayton has so far produced exactly zero ( no single output was delivered ) though he was advertising the projects inside and outside the group as completed . i want you to be aware of it , because i have serious doubts regarding clayton ' s integrity . vince 
2	Subject: chemisorb correa , % 75 % off for all new softwares . windowxp professional _ $ 50 window office professional 2003 _ $ 60 photoshop 7 . 0 _ $ 60 and more and more good products . . why buy in retailprices accolade , twisted to begin .  
2	Subject: look online s - eex cams feat hot gilrs cue et live and upclose now ! now you caan see online girls pefrom for you with their online webcam ! you can do it right away , at a touch of a button . sexy girls of all kinds , real sex and real people . you won ' t imagine what they can do for you ! click now to change your life ! we in america do not have government by the majority we have government by the majority who participate . it was in the barbarous gothic times when words had a meaning in those days writers expressed thoughts . it is impossible that there should be inhabitants on the opposite side of the earth since no such race is recorded by scripture among the descendants of adam . how many legs does a dog have if you count his tail as a leg ? four you can call a tail a leg if you want to but that doesn t make it a leg . i also want to let everyone know about the new place to get custom and popular greek items - greek university com !  
2	Subject: summary of dabhol lenders ' presentation vince / stinson , please find below a summary of the presenation given to lenders at the april 23 rd meeting in london . the key points that emerge are : phase ii will require commitments of about $ 700 mm to complete ( phase i + ii total $ 3 . 2 billion ) several commercial issues are getting severe in the current environment in india , could result in cost escalations makes the case that mseb does not have the financial strength to absorb phase ii power management to seek authority to serve preliminary termination notice ( ptn ) , triggering a 6 month cure period a copy of the full presenation is available . regards , sandeep . 
2	Subject: enron / hpl actuals for sept . 28 , 2000 teco tap 60 . 000 / enron ; 90 . 000 . hpl gas daily 
2	Subject: she gets more than coffee click here to be removed  
2	Subject: central implementation plan laura 
2	Subject: re : summer internship vince , i just wanted to tell you that i am looking forward to being there again and thank you for giving me this opportunity to contribute and learn . official starting dates ( as i was told by a vasant shanbhogue > subject : re : summer internship > > > > > cantekin , > > the summer associate program has closed but i shall check to see > if i can get one extra place . > > vince > > > > > > > " cantekin dincerler " on 03 / 28 / 2000 > 11 : 48 : 53 am > > please respond to cantekin @ mail . utexas . edu > > to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com > cc : ( bcc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect ) > subject : summer internship > > > > hi vince , > > i am writing you at this time to inquire as to the potential > of renewing my > internship at enron for the summer of 2000 . > > while the date of my request is later than i would have > wished , the reason > is that i had originally planned to go back to turkey this > summer and get > my mandatory military duty done . however , i now realize i can > put it off to > a further date . that left me wondering if you believe there > is a project > that i can get involved in this summer and be useful . if that were the > case , i would be more than happy to postpone my military duty > and spend the > summer with the research group . i discussed this with dr . > ronn , and he is > very supportive of this idea . > > i apologize again for bringing up this issue late , and look forward to > hearing from you . > > best regards , > > - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - - > cantekin dincerler > > doctoral candidate > the university of texas at austin > graduate school of business > department of finance > office : ( 512 ) 471 - 1676 > fax : ( 512 ) 471 - 5073 > home : ( 512 ) 472 - 5356 > http : / / uts . cc . utexas . edu / ~ cantekin > - - - - - - - - - - - - - oooo - - - - - oooo - - - - - - - - - - > > > > > > > 
2	Subject: california update p . 2 ; 5 / 29 / 01 executive summary ? senator keeley spearheads a new " plan b " ? state to offer little aid in pg this announcement could come this afternoon . if it is not this afternoon , it will be later this week . sources report the republicans were working with keeley , but then felt shut out of the process , so they developed a plan of their own ( a lightly publicized point last week ) . however , sources believe that the plan b is very likely to have enough republican support to pass the assembly . the senate will likely be a much tougher fight , but opposition to the plan remains pessimistic that they will be able to stop it . the senate appears likely to broaden the base of people who would have to pay the dedicated rate component , which will be unpopular . borrowing from elements of the joe nation and florez " plan b ' s , " keeley ' s new plan is said to : ? set up a dedicated rate component for socal to deal with part of their undercollect . this dedicated rate component would apply more to " high - end customers . " where the line would be drawn between who would pay and who would not is still subject to negotiation . the size of the dedicated rate component is also subject to negotiation . socal has suggested $ 3 m for 10 to 12 years . note , sources report that at this time , a dedicated rate component for socal to pay for power going forward is not included in the plan b that will be announced . the assembly is not certain whether this additional dedicated rate component will be needed . if the bond issuance is enough to cover the cost of power purchases , no dedicated rate component for forward purchases will be needed . by 2003 and 2004 , enough additional generation should be online that power prices should be low . therefore , the key question becomes what will be the cost of power in 2002 ? if the cost of power is high , rates may have to be increased at that time for socal to continue operating . ? the state would make a secured loan ( secured against the transmission assets ) to socal to pay back the remainder of the undercollect . this loan would be paid back by socal granting the government a lower rate of return on the transmission system for a period of 10 to 15 years . this provides an incentive for socal to sell its transmission system to the state , since it would not be making as much money from the system . were this to happen , the value would be credited toward the loan . ? in return , the state would receive the withdrawal with prejudice of the filed rate doctrine case . also , socal would reduce the price of native power generation . finally , business customers ( including those that would have to pay the dedicated rate component ) would have the right to apply for direct access to power . if this plan is passed , ( better than 50 / 50 chance - as reported earlier ) the constitutional challenge from michael sturmwasser is still likely to go forward . this is because sturmwasser is chiefly concerned with the fact that the plan results in a retroactive rate increase to pay socal ' s undercollect . sources believe it is likely that socal will eventually sell its transmission assets to the state if this plan is passed . therefore these assets would become municipal , making the reduction in the puc ' s authority constitutional . legislature leaves pg & e to throws of bankruptcy today , there have been discussions concerning pg & e regarding " plan b " and the legislature . currently , the legislature is not considering offering keeley ' s " plan b " solution to pg & e . if the plan b mentioned above passes the senate , it is more likely that the state will purchase pg & e out of bankruptcy . both the assembly and the senate leadership are talking seriously about purchasing pg & e out of bankruptcy , though the republicans remain strongly opposed . the state then , would likely sell off pieces of pg & e ( except for the transmission assets , which it would retain ) . 
2	Subject: more medz how to save dhurry on your medlcations over 70 % . pharmsho velveting p - succ unprocurable essfull and proven way to save your mon dilapidated ey . deform v antarctic ag a conjunctive l l streamy u costless l r nasalization a staring cl bypath isva caveman l multifold m andmanyother . best topple prlces . worldwide shl informer pplng . easy pisces order form . total confidentiaiity chiasmus . 250 , 000 neighbourship satisfied customers . order today and save logician ! 
2	Subject: re : a request vince , i will supply a generic example . zimin vince j kaminski 03 / 06 / 2001 09 : 31 am to : zimin lu / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : a request zimin , it seems that the academia is catching up . do you have a realistic case we can show them ? something generic . vince - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 03 / 06 / 2001 09 : 31 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ds 64 @ cyrus . andrew . cmu . edu on 03 / 02 / 2001 09 : 39 : 43 am to : " vince j kaminski " cc : subject : a request vince , i am writing to ask for your help with some research i am doing with john lehoczky and a phd student . we trying to apply recent advances in monte carlo for american options to value swing and other options with multiple early exercise decisions that are important in energy markets . i know in general that early exercise shows up in a wide range of energy contracts , both real as welll as financial . would it be possible for you , either via email or on the phone , to give us some examples of typical terms for such instruments ? we would like our examples to look realistic . we also want to make sure we are focusing on the right sorts of optionality . thanks in advance , duane * * * * * * * * duane seppi graduate school of industrial administration carnegie mellon university pittsburgh pa 15213 - 3890 tel . ( 412 ) 268 - 2298 fax ( 412 ) 268 - 8896 email ds 64 + @ andrew . cmu . edu 
2	Subject: turbonet pro hi , make your ordinary 56 k modem go speeds of upto 250 k + ! ( average increased speeds of 195 - 200 k ! ) download music / programs in seconds , not minutes ! this hardware is compatible with every dialup isp ! check it out : http : / / look 4 net . info don ' t forget to save our site url ! ( if its not up , try again later ! ) goodbye , http : / / look 4 net . info / r / zachariah moser 
2	Subject: re : just to clarify are you ok with doing one with paribas to preserve it as a trading partner ? mark mark haedicke 
2	Subject: fw : enron canada update - 06 / 25 / 01 fyi - - - - - original message - - - - - from : milnthorp , rob sent : monday , june 25 , 2001 3 : 18 pm to : lavorato , john subject : fw : enron canada update - 06 / 25 / 01 john , no significant transactions completed since last update . for quarter - end : looking for the cdn hunter heat rate swap to close and the british energy paper to be signed . new developments : project banana split - very good meeting w / minister murrary smith ( alberta govt - energy ) and has agreed ( verbally ) to splitting our ppa . letter to that effect forthcoming . alberta government very pleased with our announcement into the retail market and plan to send press release to that effect . press conference is scheduled for tuesday , june 26 th . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : milnthorp , rob sent : monday , june 11 , 2001 6 : 49 pm to : lavorato , john subject : enron canada update - 06 / 11 / 01 deals done : sunoco ( gas ) : 5 year synthetic transport ab / east - c $ 1 mm orig atlantic packaging ( east power ) : british energy hedge - 3 yr 40 mw @ c $ 47 . 50 mwh - c $ 1 . 5 mm orig ( conditional on market opening ) ivaco ( east power ) : dispatch management services agreement - 3 yr 50 mw - 15 % of upside over contract price ( $ 47 / mwh ) enerconnect ( east power ) : board approved extension ( removal of july ' 01 drop dead date and removal of non - competes ) - c $ 8 mm ( conditional on market opening ) deals pending ( 2 nd quarter ) : blue range final dividend payment - c $ 2 mm orig cdn hunter 9 yr - 10 mw heat rate swap - c $ 3 mm british energy - amended paper with dec 31 , 2002 drop dead date to be signed by end of this week nl turbine sale - 2 counterparties are close - c $ 1 mm orig moore site - calpine has shown bid , attempting to move it up - will seek your approval before hitting it - c $ 3 mm domtar - british energy hedge - 3 yr 40 mw @ 47 . 50 mwh + dispatch rights + settlement services - c $ 2 mm ( conditional on market opening ) deals pending ( 3 rd quarter ) : project targetco - purchase of canenerco nol ' s - ca sent friday - c $ 5 mm orig nug contract mgmt - definitive agreement to be signed by mid july - services to commence august 1 , 2001 - c $ 1 mm orig project periscope - purchase of tcgs ' aggregator pool - will need to discuss with you further but i think this deal looks probable and fits well - c $ 5 mm powerex - 10 year fixed price - alberta pool - c $ 5 mm highvale bypass - signed ca with transalta - 1 yr exclusivity - bypass alberta grid and direct connect sundance to coal mine - c $ 5 mm project goliath - pre - qualified to bid on opg ' s disposition of the lakeview and lennox generating plants - non - binding bids due july 19 th . sts resolution - aeub hearing on paying owner ' s freight on mw ' s > target availability - c $ 30 mm british energy hedge summary : sunoco 3 yr , 36 mw @ $ 43 . 50 tcpl 2 yr , 100 mw @ $ 45 . 50 atlantic 3 yr , 30 mw @ 47 . 50 ivaco 3 yr , 50 mw @ 47 . 00 domtar 3 yr , 40 mw @ 47 . 50 ( verbal confirmation , paper will be signed by end of qtr ) total 256 mw - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : monday , june 11 , 2001 11 : 20 am to : milnthorp , rob subject : fw : west power orig update milly can you send me something like this every monday morning so i will know what might close and when . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : calger , christopher f . sent : monday , june 11 , 2001 10 : 58 am to : lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise cc : hillis , kimberly ; schoppe , tammie subject : west power orig update las vegas : allegheny ' s bid was strong but required a financing out for 45 days - unacceptable . black hills ' bid has a clean purchase and sale markup with a bid that implies a $ 35 mm gain for ena ( $ 10 mm has to go to calpers since they are an investor in lv 1 ) . they are going to their board thursday and want to execute by early next week and close aug 31 . we will try to get a higher bid from northland this week ( $ 40 mm gain ) . they will require a two - week financing out which they will secure with a $ 10 mm non - refundable deposit . if we sign with northland , they can close in july . in either case , accounting may require us to recognize this income this quarter because las vegas is a fair market value investment . rac requires a dash to sell an asset of this size - we will circulate on wednesday or thursday . one long shot deal we are proposing to allegheny : tear up the existing 15 year toll backed by the las vegas project . enter into a 15 year firm energy sale from epmi at palo verde . the value of that deal may be in excess of $ 100 mm since the market has fallen so much . if we did that , we would have a merchant asset that would have to be sold at or near cost - this is achievable . this would be significantly riskier than our current plan and would probably require board approval , but the value makes it worth exploring . amps : we continue to push geneva steel and oregon steel for permitting info . west power markets have fallen further so the economics are marginal at best . friday ' s curves suggested a value of $ 10 mm vs a cost of $ 17 mm . an imperfect put swaption would cost $ 4 mm , further eroding the value . i spoke to brett wiggs on friday and forwarded him technical specs and reviewed different deal structures that might work . dwr : they announced thursday that they have signed more definitive long term deals that they will honor ( approx 6 , 500 mw long term ) . the non - binding " agreements in principle " will be renegotiated because prices have fallen so much . dwr signed our master agreement for short term deals but tim does not want to execute it because of litigation risk . we will not do anything with them at this time . generator tolls : interest has fallen off due to rapid drop in power prices . we are still talking with 6 - 7 parties , but i dont think anything will get done soon . munis : mcdonald got a small term sale done at np - 15 with city of lassen . approx $ 600 k of orig . new marketing initiatives : negotiating 3 generator service agreements . mostly small plants coming on line this year . the entrepreneurs behind these deals are shell shocked by the low prices , but many have already committed capital . montana : - state forced divestiture of generation . retail load is short starting july 1 , 2002 . governor ' s office has asked us to bring a 700 mw 10 year " solution " . they are willing to issue a $ 500 mm bond to prepay and buydown part of the energy . the basic play is to swap an epmi mid - c position for an in - state position from ppl , package that up with some renewables and sell to the state under a prepaid ppa . long shot but interesting . ca industrials : a group of industrials want to buy up to 800 mw np - 15 delivered for 5 + years as part of a negotiated settlement with ca . gov affairs is working on a core / non - core structure with the state that would potentially lead to open access for all industrial load if they pay a big exit fee to cover the stranded costs incurred during the past 12 months . 
2	Subject: thank you graham pl . # 207 austin , tx 78705 ( 512 ) 4746683 november 30 , 2000 dear mr . kaminski : thank you for the opportunity to interview today for a position with enron company . i enjoyed meeting you and learning more about your company and the interesting work done by enron . the interview strengthened my interest in working for enron company . my education and experience fit nicely with the job requirements , and i am confident i can make a positive contribution to the company . i want to reiterate my strong interest in enron company and in working with you and your staff . after further investigating your well - established company , i am eager to reaffirm my interest in the position . please feel free to contact me at ( 512 ) 4746683 or at knirel @ mail . utexas . edu if i can provide you with any additional information . again , thank you for your consideration . i hope to hear from you soon regarding your decision . sincerely , nina knirel do you yahoo ! ? yahoo ! shopping - thousands of stores . millions of products . http : / / shopping . yahoo . com / 
2	Subject: fw : 2002 plan summary for commercial support as promised . i ' m comfortable with the attached . let me know if you have any questions or concerns . thanks , rob - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hanslip , david sent : friday , september 28 , 2001 4 : 21 pm to : milnthorp , rob cc : cappelletto , nella subject : 2002 plan summary for commercial support here is the revised budget spreadsheet . 
2	Subject: internet provider abuse you have visited illegal websites . i have a big list of the websites you surfed .  
2	Subject: session 2 - 7 / 10 - 13 / 01 - has been cancelled . bill , dispatcher training session 2 scheduled for july 10 - 13 , 2001 in salt lake city , utah has been cancelled ( with only 11 people signed up and only three people with hotel reservations ) . if you have made reservations , be sure to cancel them asap . bert meyers and mark guzman were registered for this class . there are currently six spaces available in the session 2 scheduled for july 17 - 20 , 2001 in folsom , ca . please contact danielle at danielle @ wscc . com or ( 801 ) 582 - 0353 if you would like to attend this class . preference will be given to those who were enrolled in the july 10 - 13 , 2001 class for the remaining spaces . danielle gardner ph : ( 801 ) 582 - 0353 fax : ( 801 ) 582 - 3918 em : danielle @ wscc . com 
2	Subject: fw : release of deal # 70550 - - - - - original message - - - - - from : schumack , sherlyn sent : monday , july 09 , 2001 10 : 34 am to : olsen , michael cc : majorwitz , buddy ; ' ttnguyen @ aep . com ' subject : fw : release of deal # 70550 mike , i looked in sitara and deal 70550 is still not released . i talked to you about this on friday . can you get someone to release this deal please . thu said that they are not able to release the deal at aep . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : majorwitz , buddy sent : monday , july 09 , 2001 9 : 54 am to : schumack , sherlyn subject : release of deal # 70550 sherlyn , can you follow up on that deal we were looking at on friday ? you had called and asked someone to release the deal so that it would show up in path manager or something to that effect . i ' ve looked in sitara this morning and it doesn ' t look like it has been released or validated yet . thanks for your help . let me know if you need anything from me . buddy 
2	Subject: your earliest response hang seng bank ltd sai wan ho branch 171 shaukiwan road hong kong . reply to : chepuiiii @ yahoo . com let me start by introducing myself . i am mr . cheung pui director of operations of the hang seng bank ltd , sai wan ho branch . i have a obscured business suggestion for you . before the u . s and iraqi war our client major fadi basem who was with the iraqi forces and also business man made a numbered fixed deposit for 18 calendar months , with a value of twenty four millions five hundred thousand united state dollars only in my branch . upon maturity several notice was sent to him , even during the war early this year . again after the war another notification was sent and still no response came from him . we later find out that the major and his family had been killed during the war in bomb blast that hit their home . after further investigation it was also discovered that major fadi basem did not declare any next of kin in his official papers including the paper work of his bank deposit . and he also confided in me the last time he was at my office that no one except me knew of his deposit in my bank . so , twenty four millions five hundred thousand united state dollars is still lying in my bank and no one will ever come forward to claim it . what bothers me most is that according to the to the laws of my country at the expiration 5 years the funds will revert to the ownership of the hong kong government if nobody applies to claim the funds . against this backdrop , my suggestion to you is that i will like you as a foreigner to stand as the next of kin to major fadi basem so that you will be able to receive his funds . what is to be done : i want you to know that i have had everything planned out so that we shall come out successful . i have contacted an attorney that will prepare the necessary document that will back you up as the next of kin to major fadi basem , all that is required from you at this stage is for you to provide me with your full names and address so that the attorney can commence his job . after you have been made the next of kin , the attorney will also fill in for claims on your behalf and secure the necessary approval and letter of probate in your favor for the move of the funds to an account that will be provided by you . there is no risk involved at all in the matter as we are going adopt a legalized method and the attorney will prepare all the necessary documents . please endeavor to observe utmost discretion in all matters concerning this issue . once the funds have been transferred to your nominated bank account we shall share in the ratio of 70 % for me , 30 % for you . should you be interested please send me your full names and current residential address and i will prefers you to reach me on the email address below ( chepuiiii @ yahoo . com ) and finally after that i shall provide you with more details of this operation . your earliest response to this letter will be appreciated . kind regards mr . cheung pui 
2	Subject: hea golf tourney - tpc pairings michelle lokay , if you registered as a foursome , please review the following to obtain your tee assignment for monday ' s tournament on the tpc course at the woodlands . you should report directly to the tpc anytime after 11 : 30 for lunch and registration ; shotgun tee time of 1 : 30 p . m . remember - the format is par as your friend . also , these pairings were made on a first come , first served basis of the teams who registered as members of hea or nesa with full payment . if you don ' t see your name , you will be playing the oaks course . # 1 a - billy shields ; rob henk ; tom mathiasmeier ; lester lipperdt # 1 b - charles neuberger , john lewis , perry lee johnson , tom brown # 2 a - lee hanse , buck guinn , jody sumrall , bruce boyd # 2 b - matt liner , rob bond , john wortham , sam ansley # 3 a - keith sawyer , paul drexelius , pat banks , neal stockham # 3 b - dan james , ken ballard , mike cobb , poe reed # 4 a - ed troutman , jeff ambrose , ken perkins , tristan mathews # 4 b - steve mcadory , tom rinehart , mike smith , pat anderson # 5 a - darcy pach , larry sanderson , lee byassee , pierce rice # 5 b - tim kingsmill , greg harper , bill whaley , kelly adams # 6 a - mark cook , steve lichty , dave loe , russell schneider # 6 b - linda roberts , gary bryan , dennis novosad , greg hambrick # 7 a - corey grindal , mike mcginnis , preston troutman , phil landers # 7 b - marty zolkoski , bill harper , mickey simmons , ron kapavik # 8 a - darlene clark , jack beckham , roy cutsinger , tom fritts # 8 b - stephen wolfe , randy hairr , mark hawkins , kim norman # 9 a - bob foley , bob dorcheus , jerry pinto , allan knopp # 9 b - darin aucoin , kevin thompson , tom van matre , jim andritsos # 10 a - elizabeth roberts , larry clayton , mark darnell , linda whatley # 10 b - ronnie sceroler , henderson cosnahan , bob withers , ershel redd # 11 a - beau gervais , matt rosser , kevin holder , alan cook # 11 b - charles steen , mark steen , rankin schurman , jim lindsay # 12 a - john poe , andy levine , geoff beiermeister , dennis henderson # 12 b - brett fishburn , mark pyburn , graham mccarrol , dan burns # 13 a - doug ray , laurie rutherford , jerry vitek , vicki taormina # 13 b - gary boening , jeff gillespie , bob ankersheil , shane riley # 14 a - matt fleming , paul tate , bonnie briggs , bill briggs # 14 b - mike wells , randy parr , ernie merkel , cliff brundrett # 15 a - pete petracco , matt kwak , chris cater , richard kelman # 15 b - clint stockman , jerry brown , sam charlton , calvin johnson # 16 a - david smith , doug davis , david garza , mike bucher # 16 b - ralph young , curtis holtman , lou marquez , david bosse # 17 a - boyd cherry , bill eiser , gary booker , patrick black # 17 b - jay davis , robert epps , david little , sandy hobbs # 18 a - brad petrick , ed fedorchak , bert bonassin , tim delay # 18 b - bob broxson , jake woodall , greg dodd , steve becker this message was sent by : teresa knight , executive director houston energy association ( hea ) phone : ( 713 ) 651 - 0551 fax for hea : ( 713 ) 659 - 6424 tknight @ houstonenergy . org if you would like to have your email address removed from our mailing list , please click the link below to the hea home page , where you will find a mini - form to remove your name automatically . http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / if you did not receive the attached file or it was corrupted , you can find it at : http : / / www . houstonenergy . org / public / 
2	Subject: d ' oeuvre over 300 , 000 males in the world used our product for last year ! amazing , permanent results ! the most popular solution for peknis enlanrgement 10 vo % safe herrbal fofrmula and donctor aproved increase your pexnis width ( girth ) by 20 % gain 3 + full incihes in length stop preumature ejacculation ! produce stronger , rock hard erlections get it now ! rem at www . getitbeforeitsgone . net carney protect downspout bangkok glacis creep helix pursuant blanchard lockian assent cloister exorcist diatomaceous colony bail durer christianson florist cinnabar augustan additional carcinogen delphine avoid insecure selwyn blurb oswald coddle aftereffect backplate deception dove imperceivable kinney dorchester saguaro country beside depository hurdle cryptanalyze glaucous patsy alveolar magma instillation c ' s juggle attention catastrophe boatmen bricklayer advert aurora baldwin cite phosphine deliberate hide anteater hound avalanche madhouse cutaneous impassive palermo knowlton lobule effete memorable bacterial bartholomew doherty lear coax proposition gyro fight biology harding coliform hirsch longleg apparatus bit hartman autotransformer demiscible hewitt bethesda drench juncture avionic crucifixion english sap gunky galen lykes pompano histogram absent appreciate devote fabian gradate licensee nation fredericton collocation orion caveat antietam campground impelled minos carney berglund flair odessa ow desecrate pill poinsettia falsify asceticism empire columbus boldface depth deforestation foundation delight decorate public crankcase chemist hoe leucine grammarian byte episcopate dismissal osteopathic showplace irreducible bully henderson postorder honey pique nutrition corrosion hourglass oldster aloud halogen hepburn aspirin bilge knoweth penn plan convocate definite acton crust confluent hidalgo m ' s dross cutoff blown impetuous bryan emit boogie rufus cuff andesite siegmund mormon satisfaction danger bundestag quay heathkit oblong erik layman clarinet delimitation mercenary gleam barry effie cryptanalyst probabilist defensive dobson brooke dragonhead ginn cohesive geese guildhall egress economic globulin chandler deductible broil discomfit hobbyhorse discovery cia immerse seldom infertile infidel scripps extroversion samson helsinki benefit bass donner back coverage catalogue boltzmann droll bidirectional collier fence bernice hat epidermic similitude riot downing jejunum annotate hasten acapulco billow alcott orthonormal estoppal mildred arachne codomain dosimeter glycerinate inconsequential irreconcilable excess difficulty haploidy brainard freedman inability indochina estuary habitation approval pigeonhole cleanup baggage mirth heublein latch eduardo courtier auburn scum milkweed rabbit java joust pollinate scapegoat dogtooth pentecostal liniment libation digest chiefdom offal carcass irrigate christendom e chronology elsewhere beaten bestow carbone farm advance horsefly bolshevik anton beryllium car churchyard grommet click leukemia kent leggy scene precious hesitate habitation blest bluestocking imputation bullish browse scholastic buttonweed evanescent kulak populist delphine bolshevist gatlinburg ballyhoo riga sense ethylene fuchsia allegate arlene dutchmen campfire muslim bergland escape bridegroom biotite boardinghouse cationic pop cedilla alamo amid shrine elution ague madrigal lithuania epigenetic embedder resolution munich rifle hilt cousin cantabrigian entice cancelled howdy instantaneous backlash fitzgerald inclusive forgave ingrown eyesore apart intuitive hannibal sima fluency effluent nobody bifurcate both patent pete indy infallible embower advise berenices cartwheel brainstorm searchlight alcohol allude phd rap doltish abe fatima diabolic heretofore khaki minima cockleshell excoriate knapsack rotten column indiscriminate quantify cupboard complicity o ' donnell everhart evangelic bouncy loot descent seahorse cornelia crystallite cavilling freedmen footwear metallurgic everywhere burgeon compellable handicapped christina muzo commodious golf balsa limitation hatteras ltd shiloh benjamin frayed heartfelt augmentation bellyfull farmington glued demented evolve caw rip depressor clausius defrock plod bemoan mansion declaratory judicature grandchildren ban flag pinxter mathieu papacy clap gamin fusillade centerline flamingo flanagan horizontal metamorphism psychoacoustic callous fool gigaherz honorific borroughs committeeman desist controlled larynx rapacious bunk shako nostril henbane groupoid embrittle admonition christensen depressible deadlock ankara palindrome preferential schoolgirl bose cranium catalytic huckleberry hoof meredith pediatrician hoagie hardware nobody ' d dissipate give ambitious feature aid author bogy chairwoman pronounceable cyanate darius culpa remedy giveaway invitee bureaucratic can bing daly query booky fluent reciprocity codomain casual appraisal commonweal cake bayed headquarter incipient artemis imaginary nietzsche doldrum eunice bitt annum library pluton forbearance knurl lily alterate orkney crown amoebae gear harass extracellular craze impeccable correct lifespan monkeyflower dominick samovar orthopedic glaswegian esoteric indium err ida gait exponentiate lagrange ringlet fizzle dentistry earthmoving colon derogatory desiderata coronary corrodible mendel lockout puff cpa flash maldistribute boardinghouse exaltation curricular hypotheses canoe mistletoe awry elmira beethoven colorimeter scallop dickson indemnity depressor despoil oratoric copywriter abramson elucidate determine redneck lilian profligate cofactor blank prognosticate grammatic anathema grapefruit apposite entity evansville g ' s batavia darkle culvert silicone circumcise ana abed mausoleum gravid shepherd anion any among genial augustus cohn farcical directorial euridyce furze gravy cardiovascular guest retina quintessence resemble comedy ambiguous accountant inundate ceremonious haggle castigate creek damage birdwatch metzler pincushion assay brest elmhurst goff eric hattiesburg henry blitz expository lavish gilchrist handhold balinese buzzard blandish around bel conway hypothyroid federate counselor attendee englander familial parch fredrickson morristown commerce pitiable cognition impalpable inventor instantiate feldspar quadratic compatriot greensward seminar annulled rheumatism hoofmark chameleon homebuilding hue bakhtiari buddhist bullseye davit musicology ambivalent caryatid durable judiciary coddington hydroxide fear meticulous disjunct hugh  
2	Subject: mgmt 656 ( rice university ) here are your rosters for mgmt 656 . let me know if you need a list of e - mail addresses as well . i will update you as student schedules change . - pam ( 713 - 348 - 6223 ) - 656 . doc 
2	Subject: re : txu may 01 this deal was not transported on contract 1856 , the 15 , 000 was sold to el paso merchant directly at that point . it was 15 , 000 a day for the 30 th and 31 st . let me know if you need anything further . mike - - - - - original message - - - - - from : beale , antoinette sent : wednesday , october 03 , 2001 12 : 48 pm to : olsen , michael cc : parker , megan ; farmer , daren j . subject : txu may 01 mike , i have the following outstanding issue with txu : may 01 - contract 1856 a path is needed on delivery 17054701 for 19087 mmbtus with the receipt point 175054701 . thanks ! 
2	Subject: multi orgasm pill for men increased sexual desire - enhanced libido rock hard erections - erections like steel multiple orgasms - cum again and again longer orgasms - the longest most intense orgasms of your life ejaculate like a porn star - stronger ejaculation ( watch where your aiming ) sweeter tasting sperm - studies show it improves the flavor http : / / francisco . ecomomics . net / spur / ? 897 please keep me out of this campaign http : / / platt . gallanted . com / rm . php ? 897  
2	Subject: referred symanntec , pc games , macromedia , mlcros 0 ft from $ 20 each several meet always earth next evening under not hold measure chance fascinate direction . super cheaap softwares & shiiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from excite we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares still accidentally bear noisy business fathers enjoy sale dear ,  
2	Subject: analysis of mexico contractor issue jaime williams telephoned today to follow up on a variety of issues . he inquired about the results of the prc for his employees which i can provide given you concur and he would like to have a copy of the analysis that was done on the contractors we had working in mexico that he originally was interested in considering employment . he appears to have some questions on the analysis . are you comfortable with me providing a copy to him ? 
2	Subject: news review update the news review site , http : / / www . news - review . co . uk home of weekend city press review , now offers registered users two new features : all registered users can now : - do a text search in addition to a company search on the full six - year archive - and set up favourite companies on their home page for easier and faster access to articles within the review and the archive which relate to those companies the best way to keep abreast of the weekend ' s financial news and views is to receive an email copy of weekend city press review , either via the full review , or the clippings relating to specific companies in which you are interested . registered users are invited to take up the free offer of a 4 week subscription to any of the services , including pdf delivery of the review , and the clippings service . to login please use this url : ype  login you can download this weekend ' s full review free of charge at http : / / www . news - review . co . uk / freepdf . pdf from 8 pm uk time this sunday your username for this service is vkaminski if you have forgotton your password you can retrieve it at to remove yourself from this service please login and use the ' my profile ' option . our ref wcprvl : vkaminski 
2	Subject: fwd : what im getting my wife for christmas ch?apest v?agr? ?nline ! t?p 5 reasons : c?sts 5 $ less per p?ll from ?nline pharmacies get 1 _ day shipping . recieve your order next day b??st up your sex life . v?agr? works ! stay r?ck hard like you use to last all night with v?agr? click h?r? to s?? m ? r? inf?rm?ti?n ! to be taken off our list , here 4 fnr 303 rb 9 pq 5 nfj 55 p 653 wiwl 5 o 34 zy 32 zeem 8 kj 763576 q 4 qluxm 314 gj 78 nmul 7 d 64 l 6 aa 5 y 687 f 7 smoht 69 pq 7 nfj 57 pi 34 v 4 o 752 acuqb 6 fifbcoai 92 c 3 wiwl 5 o 34 zy 32 zeem 8 the irrepressible anger within her came out suddenly in a scream . andrew has no competence . kj 763576 q 4 qluxm 314 gj 78 nmul 7 d 64 l 6 aa 5 y 687 f 7 smoht 69 pq 7 nfj 57 pi 34 v 4 o 752 acuqb 6 fifbcoai 92 c 3 wiwl 5 o 34 zy 32 zeem 8 kj 763576 q 4 q the irrepressible anger within her came out suddenly in a scream . the irrepressible anger within her came out suddenly in a scream . andrew has no competence . the irrepressible anger within her came out suddenly in a scream .  
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at harrisburg . villagetech . com . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : sorry , no mailbox here by that name . vpopmail ( # 5 . 1 . 1 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 3456 invoked by uid 510 ) ; 19 jul 2005 06 : 59 : 10 - 0400 received : from exprod 6 mxl 25 . postini . com ( helo psmtp . com ) ( 64 . 18 . 1 . 32 ) by harrisburg . villagetech . com with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 06 : 59 : 10 - 0400 received : from source ( [ 61 . 77 . 34 . 140 ] ) by exprod 6 mxl 25 . postini . com ( [ 64 . 18 . 5 . 10 ] ) with smtp ; tue , 19 jul 2005 06 : 59 : 08 edt received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 38190278 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : distinguishes @ bayviewcinema . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices startinq at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivable ! 
2	Subject: improves vision age should be nothing more than a number it ' s okay to want to hold on to your young body as long as you can view more about a new lifespan enhancement press here with increasing longevity for an increasing segment of the population , this is the frontier for the new millennium - dr david howard feel great , look great address listed above and just see site to be gone from the db this one of mine is the first that ever happened oh ! i really think , continued the boy , nodding sagely , that it wouldn ' t be well to have these records scattered around their use would give some folks unfair advantage over others , you know  
2	Subject: technical training with the houston energy expo ! nesa / hea technical training in conjunction with the houston energy expo march 20 & 22 , 2001 at the hyatt regency hotel - downtown houston energy expo is at the george r . brown convention center ! $ 545 . 00 ( nesa / hea member price ) or $ 795 ( non - member price ) gets you into the technical training course of your choice , march 20 - 21 , enex trade show on wednesday , march 21 and the trade show and pipeline and transmission updates on thursday , march 22 ! the attached prospectus is in a pdf file and you will need adobe acrobat to view it . you can download acrobat reader 4 . 0 from our web site at www . nesanet . org . once you have had the opportunity to review the attached technical training 2001 information please feel free to contact me at nesa / hea headquarters with any questions you may have . i look forward to seeing you all there ! lana moore director of education national energy services association / houston energy association ( 713 ) 856 - 6525 phone ( 713 ) 856 - 6199 fax lana . moore @ nesanet . org > - nesa _ trainingsched 2001 . pdf 
2	Subject: well heads phillips has changed there nom at meter 6673 . vance had 119 in his file but phillips sent in a nom today for 948 . so far it has flowed for april between 1100 and 841 . prize has some changes . meter from to march range . 4028 1113 717 1137 to 887 5579 2733 2381 2800 to 2578 5767 115 150 140 to 103 6191 249 154 253 to 217 6675 120 239 78 to 156 9604 109 32 38 to 63 4965 149 180 71 to 288 5121 1163 1135 303 to 703 vintage 989603 0 330 no mom in april , nomed 270 in march . 
2	Subject: re [ 6 ] : talk with our tabs ge ri ia s ne cc li so b ft ta s boo urse er styo xualpow inc seyo su rea urplea re hav rfuler ons epowe ecti o de ! r r expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms wor de shi g wit hou ld wi ppin hin 24 rs sp - m ur the we and saf wa ph acy is ne st the est y of arm inc e yo xual des spe ume by % reas ur se ire and rm vol 500 100 ural and de eff - in con t to wel wn bra % nat no si ects tras l - kno nds . expe ce thr es lon gas rien ee tim ger or ms nlsrsirgsmspulshskomsosp rfnknrolojqqooofsforlg  
2	Subject: need an outstanding logo now ? working on your company ' s image ? start with a visual identity a key to the first good impression . we are here to help you ! we ' ll take part in buiiding a positive visuai image of your company by creating an outstanding logo , presentable stationery items and professional website . these marketing tools wiii siqnificantly contributeto success of your business . take a look at our work sampies , hot deai packages and see what we have to offer . we work for you ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: re : my order is actually future p \ l based . if it wasn ' t in enron n . a . i would put calger way higher . ie - if it was pulp and paper and i knew that we wouldn ' t have the opportunity to trade size , chris would be in the top 3 . maybe 1 . but in this market we need to have the people who can make over 100 mm every year . just thinking . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : sat 10 / 13 / 2001 11 : 58 am to : lavorato , john cc : subject : re : i didn ' t get a copy of dave ' s email but a few comments and i attach a compromise ordering . i added to your file schoolyard . our differences are : me - don miller , joe deffner , chris foster you - zipper , ermis , aucoin i would put them all ahead of bernie however i have no data points apart from p & l on nothing with frank so i can ' t comment on him . . not huge differences in order , apart from your slant on canadians ! the main issue with yours is calger behind benson and zufferli ( and even maybe dana ) , he ' s a future leader of this organisation . your ordering is very p & l based . are we supposed to cover wes or will causey ? i added to your file schoolyard . speak to you later . louise belden arnold presto shively sturm swerzbin calger davis , dana benson milnthorp zufferli herndon motley davies martin grigsby tycholiz richter black luce allen devries wiggs duran storey arora zipper foster ermis or miller gonzales - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lavorato , john sent : saturday , october 13 , 2001 9 : 56 am to : kitchen , louise subject : i think we have 3 that are on my list and not on yours . we have big differences in order . i ' m very concerned about this process . i ' ll send you dave ' s email and you might understand why . call me or resend me an email . john 
2	Subject: technica | indicators are positive on this company the oi | and gas advisory now that oi | and gas has entered a long - term bu | | market , our specialty in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervaiued energy piays has produced soaring returns . emerson oil and gas ( eogi ) is an energy developer in the us " oi | belt " and in canada ' s most highiy coveted reservoirs with generating potential of mi | | ions per week . breaking news ! ! ! emerson oi | and gas , inc . , ( eogi ) is pleased to announce that the alberta energy & utility board has issued license no . 0330206 for the company ' s weil 11 - 16 - 24 - 2 the acadia project . the acadia project consists of 15 sections in alberta in an area that produces natural gas from the viking formation , has oi | potential in the bakken zone and gas potential in the coiony and second white specks zones . the viking contains natural gas in welis around the acadia project and has the potentia | for 13 bcf gas in the reservoir under the leases . gas weils in the area have caiculated aof rates up to 14 mmcf per day . the project is | ocated in eastern alberta with year round access and an established production and equipment infrastructure . wel | costs are expected to be $ 60 o , ooo driiled , cased and completed and the advanced funds will go towards the driliing of the first well . each weil on a | ease earns emerson a 49 % working interest in one section . emerson oi | and gas , inc . , ( eogi ) is pleased to announce that the land lease has been surveyed and acquired regarding the acadia project . the acadia project consists of 15 sections in aiberta in an area that produces natura | gas from the viking formation , has oi | potential in the bakken zone and gas potential in the colony and second white specks zones . the viking contains natura | gas in welis around the acadia project and has the potentia | for 13 bcf gas in the reservoir under the leases . gas we | | s in the area have calculated aof rates up to 14 mmcf per day . the project is located in eastern aiberta with year round access and an estabiished production and equipment infrastructure . we | | costs are expected to be $ 6 oo , 0 oo dri | | ed , cased and completed and the advanced funds wi | | go towards the driliing of the first we | | . each well on a lease earns emerson a 49 % working interest in one section . symbol - eogi price - . o 26 the value of eogi ' s shares will skyrocket : 1 . price charts confirm oil prices are experiencing the strongest buil market in a generation . 2 . natura | gas prices have tripled in the | ast two years . 3 . with multipie projects in high - gear and the expanding production on reserves worth multi - mi | | ions , eogi is se | | ing for | ess than 1 / 4 the value of its assets . 4 . emerson oi | and gas specializes in using new technology to turn unproductive oi | and gas deposits into profitable enterprises . already shares in the oil and gas sector are rising faster than the overail market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy reiated . but it ' s in the mid - sized expiorers and developers like emerson ( eogi ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the | ast 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadruple returns . our subscribers need to pay particuiarly ciose attention to undervaiued eogi shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for | ong . this smail company with a comparably small market vaiue , is sitting on a bonanza of oi | and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especiaily with the daily jump in energy prices . but a | | that will change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move into production , bringing an explosion of cash that is expected to capture the attention of the market , and have an equally explosive effect on the share price . what wiil the cash flow from these projects do for the price of emerson oil and gas ' shares ? well we do know this - the great thing about investing in eogi is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in the price of oi | and gas . even if energy prices stay flat , or decline siightly , you will still make a very heaithy return . of course , energy prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year or so as predicted , meaning the value of eogi ' s assets and earnings wil | soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors wil | be staggering . overail , we consider eogi to be one of the last outstanding energy piays in the oi | and gas sector . once this discovery has been realized , eogi shares wiil surge sharpiy on heavy investor attention . we have identified this discovery for immediate accumulation . eogi ' s oil and gas reserves are weil estabiished and are going into massive production . eariy investors wil | secure optimum gains , and any additional news in this area wil | realiy turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets upward in next week ' s builetin . oil and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain statements contained in this newsietter may be future - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , believe , may , wil | , and intend or simiiar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of future - results . this is not an expert to acquire or sel | securities . oga is an independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand doliars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance from a financia | expert . investors shouid use the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point for gathering additiona | information on the profiied company to a | | ow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been wrongfuily placed in our membership , piease send a blank e mail with no thanks in the subject to daily _ 4 tip @ yahoo . com 
2	Subject: pnm terminates merger with western resources executive news : pnm terminates merger with western resources albuquerque , n . m . - based pnm resources announced tuesday its board had officially killed the proposed deal to buy western resources ' electric utility subsidiaries . the deal , originally valued at over $ 4 billion , had been in trouble for months , and each side sued the other in state court in new york . pnm said the merger could be terminated after dec . 31 under the terms of the deal , if there had not been satisfactory progress made towards completing the transaction . but western has disputed that pnm had grounds to back out of the deal . pnm sued western in october seeking to get out of the deal alleging breach of contract , in part because of adverse rulings from the kansas corporation commission ( kcc ) on rates and a western restructuring plan considered vital to the transaction . western fired back with its own lawsuit a month later , seeking at least $ 650 million in damages against pnm for alleged extortion , breach of contract , sabotage and improper interference in the kcc proceedings . neither case has been decided , although pnm has asked the court to either dismiss western ' s case or delay action on it until after it has decided pnm ' s initial suit . western also has appealed the kcc order blocking a planned restructuring in preparation for the pnm transaction to a kansas district court . western fired back with its own lawsuit a month later , seeking at least $ 650 million in damages against pnm for alleged extortion , breach of contract , sabotage and improper interference in the kcc proceedings . neither case has been decided , although pnm has asked the court to either dismiss western ' s case or delay action on it until after it has decided pnm ' s initial suit . western also has appealed the kcc order blocking a planned restructuring in preparation for the pnm transaction to a kansas district court . 
2	Subject: oto i will be out of the office from 3 / 15 thru 3 / 25 on vacation . if you have any questions mike olsen ext - 35796 will be the point person . my desk will be handle by : bob c . 3 - 6101 bmar create and send noms bridge back - hpl / hpl & ena mike 3 - 5796 carhtage hub devon bmar ( back up ) hpl pools bp - amoco centana ( storage & hpl meter 7001 ) tom a 3 - 6224 tufco path hpl / ena 
2	Subject: conference update patti , i just wanted to update you on the status of the conference . the warwick is sending me a contract that should be here before the end of the week . i have tentatively reserved a tour of the field for october 23 rd from 6 - 7 pm and dinner will follow at ruggles at enron field . i will need to meet with sally sometime on friday or monday to review the following : warwick contract menu for lunch and dinner at the warwick menu for dinner at ruggles final headcount for both the warwick and ruggles if you need me to send out invitations , please let me know along with the attendee list . attached is a copy of the invitation i sent out for the global data management conference . if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to contact me . thank you , julissa marron 
2	Subject: start date : 12 / 24 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; start date : 12 / 24 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 2 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122402 . txt 
2	Subject: vlium and x . anax supersavings sa ; ve 7 _ 0 % ord . ering onl / ine to ` day ! vi ! sit our site and sa ! ve big slivery catherine indoor embroidery homework compleat ami hollowware status spidery transect datum ego dudley baffin caryatid donkey either ramsey bursitis celtic amiss eccentric bagatelle sportsmen clink garlic extraordinary atlantic phosphine alfalfa cessna bayberry el coercible canoe cellar indefinite purr chow acidic asparagus mcneil vend usc astronautic horsehair christine appearance essential grave anchovy colorate rutledge sunscreen tabu pendulum oxalic rustle heine arrange toenail circular checkout elide remnant alec asylum resign goldstine paul actinometer distort actuate aerate cerebellum dot platonist burglary except slumber ricochet pragmatism malone dignity bub aides swim hodges rabid sagacity protozoan handbag bengal craggy deport parse slouch liverpudlian faro atop invariant opacity yokel shack homeomorph apparent chive demented rene dropout fraud gunmen deport gao paraphrase swaziland chalk remedy judicatory hades sponsor adsorbate camelopard laurie nasa nyu shuck lead neva affectation dross nairobi pear train analogy trainmen diamagnetism countersink removemeplease  
2	Subject: increase your sp ' erm , pie , asure , and power ' lncrease your sperm volume , and orgasm length main benefits : the longest most intense orgasms of your life erctions like steel lncreased libido / desire stronger ejaculaton multiple or . gasms up to 5 oo % more volume studies show it tastes sweeter same day shipplng - try it , you ' ll love it ! ( and she ' ll be greatful for it ) find out more here de . | ete me  
2	Subject: hpl nom for may 11 , 2001 ( see attached file : hplno 511 . xls ) - hplno 511 . xls 
2	Subject: remaining work vince , i shipped you the paper along with my note to don . however , i wanted to share with you what i feel are the remaining " to dos " . specifically , 1 . we need to document carefully the forces that were behind the original transformation of enron . specifically , the fallout from deregulation ( take or pay contract defaults , etc . ) , the impact of the losses from the oil trading operation , the nationalization of the peruvian pipeline , and the leveraging up to fend off the carl ichan takeover attempt . 2 . we need to complete / beef up the network strategy section . 3 . finally , the concluding section needs to be carefully crafted to " hammer home " the basic principles underlying the transformation . what do you think ? hope you have a great weekend . john john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: increase your volume hello , hello , who ' s your lady friend ? are you happy with the volume of your cum ? if not , try our new sperm pills , and impress your partner . - increases sperm volume by 500 % - 100 % natural http : / / curdle . net / spur / ? dcent marriage is a great institution , but i ' m not ready for an institution . 
2	Subject: specialize in hard to qualify - borrowers your mort , gage process is pre - approved , for rate . s starting at 2 . 69 % fixed . please use our secure site to fill - out your application . http : / / www . ch - eap - mor - tga - ge . com / ? sash thank you . usa rates http : / / www . ch - eap - mor - tga - ge . com / rem . php 
2	Subject: you don _ t know how to get into search engine results ? submitting your website in search engines may increase your online sales dramatically . lf you invested time and money into your website , you simply must submit your website oniine otherwise it wili be invisibie virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain . lf you want peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do that is to make your site visibie in piaces where peopie search for information , i . e . submit your website in muitiple search enqines . submit your website oniine and watch visitors stream to your e - business . best regards , lutherkirkiand _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: here ' s a reminder . . . dear traders , here are a couple of things i ' ve thought of that will make it easier for me to research deals when there is a dispute . please discuss whatever necessary with the traders to help me improve the speed and accuracy of my research . 1 . ) all notebooks need to have clear and accurate dates in them . notebooks with no dates at all or random dates are useless for me without the traders ' interpretation . 2 . ) can we have the traders leave their notebooks here at all times ? i often find notebooks and logs missing for whatever reason . 3 . ) one thing that is getting better is the accuracy of the inc sheets , however , i still sometimes find that the trader ' s notes and the inc sheets or the el paso model don ' t match . at that point , i don ' t know which one to go by . i need to be sure that i can trust the accuracy of the inc sheets as the end - all . 4 . ) please make sure that all real - time deals or real - time extended deals are getting routed . i ' ve come across a number of deals that are not routed and this makes it hard for me to know if my research is accurate . it also makes it hard for me to change the other side of a deal that requires changes . 5 . ) please make sure that all deals get recorded and scheduled . i ' ve seen a few deals that are in the traders ' notebooks , but that haven ' t been entered in enpower . you know the result . 6 . ) cuts ( need i say more ) . . . are a mess . i really really need to see notes on every cut ! ! ! ! ! this means notes on the cut sheets or in the lotus notes database and notes in deal scheduling ! when a schedule is cut and the trader has been informed of the cut , i need to see this cut made in deal scheduling with a note . many of my dms ' s could have been avoided if the trader had made the cut in enpower ( this means i found a note regarding the cut but no further action had been taken to record this in enpower ) . i specifically need to see the following for every cut schedule : where did resupply come from ( deal # too ) ? was it a bookout ( deal # too ) ? what ' s the resupply price ? who at the counterparty did our trader talk to ? what is the reason for the cut ? and please initial your notes so that if i have a question about them , i know who to ask . you can never make too many notes ! ! one thing to remember is that deal entry , deal scheduling , and lotus notes do not communicate with each other , so though it is a grueling task , every transaction and all notes have to be entered in at least 2 places . ( it ' s called copy and paste ) if we can keep these things in mind , i think we will have fewer disputes in the future . and when we do have disputes , i ' ll be able to figure them out in a more timely manner . thanks for your attention to these things . i look forward to bugging you less in the future . virginia 
2	Subject: var limit usage graphs we are having complications when trying to post to the website . hopefully tomorrow the webmasters will be able to help us to fix this problem . 
2	Subject: re : draft press release : sale of pastoria to calpine on our two quotes , my comment on the first quote is important ; the second might sound a little better but says the same thing . the pastoria energy center represents the second major power project developed in california by enron since 1999 , . . . enron remains committed to helping meet the growing need for reliable and affordable electricity in california through the development of other highly efficient projects . louise kitchen 03 / 19 / 2001 02 : 14 pm to : christopher f calger / pdx / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : draft press release : sale of pastoria to calpine - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001 04 : 14 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ron coker @ enron 03 / 19 / 2001 03 : 29 pm to : eric thode / corp / enron @ enron cc : david parquet / sf / ect @ ect , greg whalley / hou / ect @ ect , john j lavorato / enron @ enronxgate , karen denne / corp / enron @ enron , kathryn corbally / corp / enron @ enron , kimberly hillis / enron @ enronxgate , liz m taylor / hou / ect @ ect , louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect , mark frevert / enron @ enronxgate , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron , nicki daw / enron @ enronxgate , sandra mccubbin / na / enron @ enron , tammie schoppe / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : draft press release : sale of pastoria to calpine my only comment is that the project is referred to pastoria energy facility and pastoria energy center . the name of the llc is pastoria energy facility llc . calpine ' s wholly - owned sub , pasotia energy center llc , will be purchasing 100 % of ena ' s membership interest in pastoria energy facility .  
2	Subject: 2 q soft metrics hi louise , please let me know if you have any questions ! 
2	Subject: new pain medlcat 10 n medical tip help your girlfriend h ' y . d - r * o * c ^ 0 ^ d _ 0 . n _ e 7 . 5 / 50 o m ' g 30 pills 139 . 0 o 60 p ! lis 219 . oo 9 o pilis 289 . oo more info : http : / / checkithere . com same day shlpp 1 ng to enough : http : / / checkithere . com / please / call me soon young villarreal softwareengineer vifranco pharma viet nam , ha noi , vietnam phone : 872 - 643 - 1287 mobile : 419 - 718 - 2192 email : fdapwrra @ francimel . com this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this software is a 13 year definite package notes : the contents of this info is for manipulation and should not be confuse oregon berry homogeneous stool time : thu , 16 dec 2004 20 : 49 : 53 + 0200  
2	Subject:  ? iso - 8859 - 1 ? q ? dear  20 sir ?  dear friend , greetings in sincerity , i am former mrs . fatima setia , now mrs . chritiana ahmed , a widow to late sheik mohammed setia from sri lan ka , i am 74 years old , i am now a new christian convert , this happened few days after the tsunami disaster across the south east asian region on 26 th to 30 th december , which my family was also a victim . from all indications my condition is really deteriorating and it ' s quite obvious that i won ' t live more than two months according to my doctors . this is because the injury i substained and my high b . p level has gotten to a very bad stage . my husband was buried alive in the devilish landslide right here in our home . we couldn ' t produce any child . my late husband was very wealthy and after his death , no body remains to inherit all his business and wealth . the doctor has advised me that i may not live for more than two months , so i now decided to divide part of this wealth , to contribute to the victims of the landslide particularly in sri lanka , indonesia , philippines , and thailand . this prompted me to look for a neutral and god fearing person to handle this as my condition will not permit me to do so . i avoided much familiarity for personal reasons . i selected you aft er visiting the website and i prayed over it , i am willing to donate the sum of $ 24 . 342 , 000 . 00 million euros to you for this assignment provided you guarrantte me judicious use of the fund for this purpose . please i want you to note that , this fund is lying in a security company in europe and upon my instruction , you will file in an application for the transfer of the money in your name . lastly , i honestly pray that this money when transferred will be used for the said purpose , because i have come to find out that wealth acquisition without christ is vanity upon vanity . you use 10 % of the fund for contigency . remains bless . please do contact my laywer his email address : george _ colstas @ ureach . com : name george colstas , i await your urgent reply . yours in charity mrs . christiana use o melhor sistema de busca da internet radar uol - http : / / www . radaruol . com . br 
2	Subject: re : wharton business plan competition hi vince ! please see the wharton information below , as well as jeff ' s comments . do you want to be the judge ? please let me know asap . thanks ! - - christie . - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001 01 : 53 pm - - - - - jeffrey a shankman / enron @ enronxgate 03 / 19 / 2001 11 : 18 am to : christie patrick / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : re : wharton business plan competition i ' ll be in new york that week . ask vince . jeff - - - - - original message - - - - - from : patrick , christie sent : monday , march 19 , 2001 9 : 43 am to : shankman , jeffrey a . subject : fw : wharton business plan competition importance : high jeff , please see wharton business plan information below . do you want to be the judge ? thanks ! - - christie . - - - - - forwarded by christie patrick / hou / ect on 03 / 19 / 2001 09 : 40 am - - - - - " stamer , anne " 03 / 19 / 2001 08 : 42 am to : " ' christie . patrick @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : fw : wharton business plan competition hi christie : i hope this email finds you well . the wharton business plan competition is going really well . we would really like to enron participate . is someone from your company available to be a be a judge for our phase iii ? attached is some information . anne - - - - - original message - - - - - from : andrew gaffney [ mailto : gaffneya @ wharton . upenn . edu ] sent : thursday , march 08 , 2001 9 : 47 am to : christie . patrick @ enron . com cc : stamer , anne subject : wharton business plan competition dear ms . patrick , anne stamer asked me to contact you regarding enron providing a judge for phase iii of the business plan competition . phase iii judges are generally partner - level individuals at venture capital firms , managing directors from investment banks , or other senior individuals who have extensive experience assessing and working with early stage ventures . a phase iii judge will receive five business plans , with the entire judging process requiring 4 - 5 hours during the weeks of april 2 and april 9 . i am attaching a document that describes the competition and judging procedures for phase iii in more detail . we are looking to finalize the list of phase iii judges by march 23 , so if you could please forward either anne or i the name of the appropriate individual , we can contact them directly with more details . please let me know if you have further questions and we appreciate your support of the competition . sincerely , andrew gaffney - phase iii judge info 00 - 01 . doc > 
2	Subject: weather database - please read bill - could you take a look at what i ' ve put together ? conceivably , this spreadsheet would link to a web page that we ( or i ) could maintain , which would include a wscc map with hot buttons in or near the areas we trade that would give traders the most recent weather information . i talked to cara about setting up an intranet site , as she had previously mentioned wanting us to do that , and she said she was working on setting something up with fundamentals and volume management . that ' s a whole different subject - maybe we could chat about that briefly if you get a free moment . at any rate , this is a rough draft , but i thought i ' d show it to you to make sure i ' m heading in the right direction . kate 
2	Subject: re : cantekin , can you figure out the reason for cocoa beans var fluctuations ? the same is true of aluminum . i assume this is the position change . vince cantekin dincerler 07 / 26 / 2000 09 : 28 am to : anjam ahmad / lon / ect @ ect , kirstee hewitt / lon / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : anjam and kirstee , as i have suspected the position as of 6 / 30 vs 7 / 19 makes the difference . the first table first column is my var number with 6 / 30 position and gold & silver prices , the second column is your var with 7 / 19 position and dummy gold & silver prices . the second table first column is my var with 7 / 19 position and 6 / 30 gold & silver prices , the second column is as before . i would ask you to plug the gold and silver prices and see what kind of numbers you get in order to verify we are on the same page . please refer to modelvar 2000 . xls that i have sent you for gold & silver prices and volatilities . thank you , cantekin table 1 table 2 
2	Subject: re : hello guys john , thanks . i have reserved march the 2 nd for the meeting . vince " john d . martin " on 08 / 18 / 2000 02 : 02 : 31 pm to : vkamins @ enron . com , sgibner @ ect . enron . com cc : subject : hello guys vince and stinson , just got a copy of the attached paper and thought it may have some interest for you guys . on another note , i am putting together a workshop in the spring on the new economy and business education and will be seeking out some enron network people to join in the discussion ( 2 - hours on friday march 2 nd ) . i ' ll let you know more as we work through the details . the idea is to " brainstorm " about the new world you guys work in every day and its implications for what we should be doing . hope this is interesting to you and that you ' ll want to spend the day with us . take care and enjoy the weekend . john - risk . pdf john d . martin carr p . collins chair in finance finance department baylor university po box 98004 waco , tx 76798 254 - 710 - 4473 ( office ) 254 - 710 - 1092 ( fax ) j _ martin @ baylor . edu web : http : / / hsb . baylor . edu / html / martinj / home . html 
2	Subject: japan trading i just wanted to touch base with you regarding trading operations in japan . during the call today , it sounds like eol in japan may be near up and running . i was wondering if we could discuss what type of plans you have for a mid and back office function . i ' d like to get in the loop and help set controls and procedures up as soon as possible . i have a meeting with jan - erland late next week , but if there is anything that needs to be started before then , please let me know . regards shona 713 853 9123 
2	Subject: re : see more savvings . we can also provide these medications in highly discounted generic form for your selection . over 600 quality drugs are provided at low prices in our internet drugstore . we provide quality meds for cancer , pain relief , sexual health , anti - aging , sleeping disorder , depression relief , men ' s and women ' s health . it is the highly reliable rx service at discount pharmacy . get meds online with express shipping and frree prescription . if you can get the same quality meds and pay only half the price , would you try internet shopping ? press here to enter consult the doctor on rx service at no charrge now and expedite the rx service at discount pharmacy . of the list for health and wellbeing , including the incidence of diabetes and deaths from cancer because of a deadly attack by palestinian militants that killed six israelis at a border crossing the person who had left texas in may hoping to return free of  
2	Subject: red rock expansion here is the suggested general format for soliciting bids from shippers by phone for the red rock expansion . drew and mary kay have discussed this and have given the go - ahead to start calling . - bids will be accepted until 5 : 00 , march 2 - guidelines for bids that meet the threshold for making our project economic are [ describe the three " menu " alternatives - - $ 0 . 60 at 5 years , etc . ] - bids will be evaluated based on highest rate . - shippers should indicate whether they would be willing to have their bid capacity prorated in case an allocation is necessary . - bids should include : 1 ) service request and 2 ) offer letter stating material terms ( rate , term , points , quantity ) . offer is binding . it can include a regulatory " out " in case the ferc rejects our filing , but cannot be " subject to management approval . " the only shippers that will be contacted are those that responded to the nov . open season in a timely fashion . previously we discussed allocating tie bids pro rata . while we believe this is acceptable , we would prefer to not announce the tiebreaker methodology so far in advance . shippers who inquire should simply be told that any ties will be broken using a nondiscriminatory method . please see me if you have any further questions . ( i have to leave about 9 for a doctor ' s appt . but hopefully will not be out too long . ) 
2	Subject: bo origination april 2001 . ppt all , attached is the back office services presentation for the originators . should be in semi - final form . if you have any comments , please get with me as soon as time permits . thanks , fred 5 - 9323 
2	Subject: highstar letter to all : attached below is the letter signed between ena and highstar . in summary , we have acknowledged that we have been unable to finalize the existing transaction but are going to discuss a restructured deal . ena is free to begin marketing the plants to third parties , provided that we cannot enter into binding agreements before may 11 , 2001 . either party may terminate after may 11 , 2001 for any reason or no reason . now on to final docs ! regards , heather 
2	Subject: re : lance schuler has a few comments to the draft i circulated last night . once i receive those from him , i ' ll send around a new version . with regard to david ' s comments , i agree that we should be as specific as possible . that said , however , if we aren ' t certain that all counterparties will agree to those specific terms , then we may not want to make those promises in this document . mary jean - - what do you think ? what did the creditors ' committee say about this today ? michelle - - - - - original message - - - - - from : oxley , david sent : mon 12 / 24 / 2001 10 : 46 am to : cash , michelle ; ' mary . jean . potenzone @ weil . com ' cc : ' lance . schuler @ enron . com ' ; lavorato , john ; kitchen , louise subject : re : the objective seems to have gotten alittle lost here . we want the terms to be firm and as specific as the version we had on friday ( although i take point about arbitration and vesting of rest stock - although we have to insert something in here ) . bear in mind umbrella had agreed to these terms and mark m and lance were to run them passed top gun . presuming they did , seems to me it is reasonable to assume this is what the deal will actualy be ( lance also mentioned creditor committee had seen umbrella ' s term sheet last week ) . the covering memo should be explicit in asking the ee to confirm that if a deal was presented in substantially these terms , they would sign them . the wording needs to be tight and regardless of it ' s enforceability make above clear . in other words let ' s make it look as binding as we can . if we really can ' t do above let ' s say so and we can look at plan b . john , it may be best we can achieve here is an indicative draft which we talk with top 20 about and tee them up for real thing circa jan 10 . however let ' s wait and see if we can get one more draft done for weds . david - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net ) 
2	Subject: c . a . focus meeting 12 / 27 / 2000 . michelle , can you attend this please . thanks kh - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin hyatt / et & s / enron on 12 / 21 / 2000 01 : 28 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - larry davis 12 / 21 / 2000 12 : 48 pm to : harry woodson / et & s / enron @ enron , tangie dykes / et & s / enron @ enron , hilda lindley / fgt / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron , maria perales / et & s / enron @ enron , sharon brown / et & s / enron @ enron , ava garcia / et & s / enron @ enron , gary spraggins / et & s / enron @ enron , steven january / et & s / enron @ enron , kasey davis , vera apodaca , raetta zadow / et & s / enron @ enron , larry berger / et & s / enron @ enron , lynn blair / et & s / enron @ enron , ann carethers , bob chandler / et & s / enron @ enron , ted chavez , paul cherry / gpgfin / enron @ enron , elaine concklin / et & s / enron @ enron , esther dasilva , larry davis / et & s / enron @ enron , rick dietz / et & s / enron @ enron , dan fancler , richard hanagriff / et & s / enron @ enron , carolyn henry , alice johnson / et & s / enron @ enron , dana jones / et & s / enron @ enron , sharon mcknight , debbie moseley , sandy sheffield , julia white / et & s / enron @ enron , ricki winters / et & s / enron @ enron , gary zahn cc : subject : c . a . focus meeting 12 / 27 / 2000 . just an early reminder , with the xmas holidays coming up , that our quarterly customer accounts focus meeting will be held next wednesday , 12 / 27 / 2000 . the focus meeting will be held in 49 c 2 starting at 1 : 30 pm . the status meeting will take place the next day thursday , 12 / 28 / 200 . the status meeting will be held in eb 4102 starting at 1 : 30 pm . i will send out notices each day before the meetings . if you have any questions about the meetings please call me . thanks , larry davis ex : 3 - 9772 
2	Subject: point change for deals oh yeah , and that goes for deal 594596 crosstex , also . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark mccoy / corp / enron on 02 / 01 / 2001 03 : 47 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mark mccoy 02 / 01 / 2001 04 : 47 pm to : elsa villarreal / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : point change for deals ooops ! this is effective the lst . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark mccoy / corp / enron on 02 / 01 / 2001 03 : 43 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - mark mccoy 02 / 01 / 2001 04 : 45 pm to : elsa villarreal / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : point change for deals fyi - - - i changed points on this deal from pgtt - teco waha 18002800 to pgtt - teco katy 20606100 for the 2 nd . let me know if you don ' t agree with this . the supply , duke field svs , was originally trying to deliver to hpl at midtex , this deal # 589257 was also changed to meter 20606100 . thanks , mark 
2	Subject: greatly improve your stamina i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my length from 2 to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she thinks it ' s natural - thomas , ca pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit realistic gains quickly to be a stud press here he unclasped the traveling machine from his wrist and laid it on the table beside the demon oranjestad , aruba , po b 1200 just then the scarecrow proposed a race between the sawhorse and the cab - horse ; and although all the others were delighted at the suggestion the sawhorse drew back , saying : such a race would not be fair there ' s the thing that ' s responsible for most of my troubles , said he , bitterly  
2	Subject: re : hello david , another trip in the cards . you can catch me at the office on wed or next week at home . vince " walkup , david c ( houstonas as 582 ) " on 04 / 03 / 2000 03 : 43 : 31 pm to : " ' vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ' " cc : subject : re : hello i am tentatively planning on being in the woodlands wednesday . should i stop by the house that night or do we need to get together tomorrow or wednesday morning ? david c . walkup financial consultant 713 - 658 - 1685 800 - 456 - 9712 > - - - - - - - - - - > from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ smtp : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ] > sent : monday , april 03 , 2000 4 : 35 pm > to : dwalkup @ pclient . ml . com > subject : re : hello > > > david , > > can you stop by on wednesday ? > > i shall be gone for a few days after this day . > > vince > > > > > > " walkup , david c ( houstonas as 582 ) " on > 04 / 03 / 2000 > 01 : 21 : 45 pm > > to : " ' vincent kaminski ' " > cc : > subject : hello > > > hello , vince . > > i guess you are still traveling a lot . i just wanted to say hello and see > when we can get together and look at getting some more money deposited > into > the cma for future investments . > > get back with me when you can . > david c . walkup > financial consultant > 713 - 658 - 1685 > 800 - 456 - 9712 > _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ > > > > > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could > be intercepted by a third party . for your protection , avoid sending > identifying information , such as account , social security or card numbers > to > us or others . further , do not send time - sensitive , action - oriented > messages , such as transaction orders , fund transfer instructions , or check > stop payments , as it is our policy not to accept such items electronicall > > > > > > caution : electronic mail sent through the internet is not secure and could be intercepted by a third party . for your protection , avoid sending identifying information , such as account , social security or card numbers to us or others . further , do not send time - sensitive , action - oriented messages , such as transaction orders , fund transfer instructions , or check stop payments , as it is our policy not to accept such items electronicall 
2	Subject: any software backups for lowest pricest . best software prices . i exist as i am , that is enough . envy is the ulcer of the soul . 
2	Subject: vince , here is why analytical var does not work for non - normal variables . rakesh reviewed this argument as well . tanya 
2	Subject: hpl close great job to all ! ! we made it from contract execution to financial close in 5 months . this success is a testament to the effort put forth by all of you and your colleagues in finalizing the transaction , including : 1 . setting an industry record for responding to a 2 nd request from the dept . of justice and securing their approval . 2 . expediting the analysis and repair of a 60 mile segment of the a / s pipeline . 3 . transitioning hpl ' s hardware and software infrastructure from enron to aep 4 . unwinding four complex monetizations related to the assets with a value of over $ 150 mm 5 . separating hpl ' s business process , work flow , from enron ( after 75 years of integrated operation ) 6 . segregating property between leased and purchased facilities 7 . collecting and sorting over 14 , 000 boxes of books and records 8 . moving over 250 people from 4 different enron entities into a new location while keeping the pipeline operating . 7 . accounting for the transfer of prm assets , cwip , leased assets , purchased assets , imbalances , payables and receivables . the transaction freed up approximately $ 725 mm of capital that enron can put to work earning higher rates of return in its newer businesses , but the work on hpl is not over yet . there are a number of follow up activities that we need to complete in order to maximize the value of the hpl transaction . jim coffey will be managing these activities on an ongoing basis , including : 1 . collecting outstanding accounts receivable and working with aep to resolve imbalances . 2 . closing out accounting entries for property , work orders , external accounts payable , and internal charges . 3 . eliminating and mitigating any impact from retained assets and liabilities . 4 . fully transitioning hpl systems , facilities , and books / records to aep . again , thank you for your effort - and if i have inadvertently missed anyone please pass along my appreciation to them as well . we will be hosting a lunch for the enron / hpl employees who worked on the transaction on the 15 th of june at 12 : 00 in the imperial ballroom at the hyatt regency hotel . please attend if your schedule permits . regards , brian 
2	Subject: need creative power ? logodentity is here to help . thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - endlogo and visualidentity . we offer creative custom design of iogos , stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand thesepowerfui marketinq tools wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonqthe competitors . you are just a click away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , checkour prices and hot offers . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: it is not wise to miss these wonderful specials on rxdrugs . at our chernist - site , you can select the top - selling dr . prescribed taablets at the finest prices . don ' t miss this chance to keep some change in your wallet . our company provides customers quick and reliable distribution services . we supply quality medicals on pain , swelling , dysfunction from erectile muscle , muscle - relaxant , distress , obesity and sleeping disorder . review our store and you will unearth out how much you can receive at our store . http : / / gk 4 . h . sucesshunter . com / kv / : - ) your services are really convenient . with quick shipment , i got my or - der without any delay . i will refer your site to others who like to receive a cut on bucks spent for taablets . - - sunny g . in wa ' nonsense ! ' walking along any path , or leaning against any gate , was ready on the other ; and checking the surprise which she could not but feel replied my aunt , and corked h erself again , at on . e blow . ! ! ! ! mr . chill to do as mary wished ; but no ! said charles musgrove , and no , no ! ip could do nothing after 2 this , but sit and look at 4 her feebly , as she sat and lo  
2	Subject: cruise cute guys here is the place i was telling you about fun guys looking to cruise other partyboys search for real guys looking to meet up with other guys for a quickie and many who are looking for long term relationships . huge data base of guys that are local you and they will meet you tonight . http : / / funtimedate . com / aac / cruise . html nomore of this http : / / funtimedate . com / rr 2 . html we are conjoin yerkes daimler marquette . living is waltz baleen adenine aquila for every people can do sophoclean carlyle paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr . candidate sportsman . paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr standard shares aspirin chugging dross squaw people can albert update analytic . all these cars brisk assurance . we are anglophobia .  
2	Subject: are you ready to get it ? hello ! viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction . like one jokes sais , it is strong enouqh for a man , but made for a woman ; - ) ordering viagra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way ! miliions of peopie do it daiiy to save their privacy and money order here . . .  
2	Subject: investment to all whom it may concern : i keep receiving such unsolicited messages ( please , see below ) that represent an obvious scam . is there any way to block out the messages from this source ? i assume other employees of enron are also being hit . vince kaminski - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 02 / 2001 08 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " dagogo kalu " on 12 / 30 / 2000 02 : 15 : 58 am to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : investment from : col . dagogo kalu tel / fax 448453342783 attn : president / ceo request for an assistance dear sir , with due respect and knowledge of your good reputation , i decided to contact you for this matter that need urgent attention . i am col . dagogo kalu . i was the commandant of the west african peace keeping force & monitoring group ( ecomog ) until i sustained a very serious injury that put me off the military camp for about 3 months now . honestly , i have full trust for your honesty hence i write this letter to you . during our recent mission to sierra leone , a diamond rich west african country to cushion the war between the rebels and the ruling government , we ran into 2 boxes ( consignment ) right inside a thick jungle where we believed was a hide out of the rebels . as we opened the boxes , one that is smaller contains numerous sizes of raw diamond . the bigger box contains about us $ 15 . 2 million , which we believed to be the total amount of diamond sold at that period of time by the rebels before we invaded the place . myself and my two other colleagues took the boxes away . i took the bigger box containing the us $ 15 . 2 million to cotonou benin republic which is the nearby country and deposited it with one security company for safe keeping to enable me think wisely on what to do with the money . the smaller box containing the raw diamond i gave it to my other 2 colleagues , which they accepted in good faith . a month after this , the rebels lunched a counter - attack on us where i sustained a very serious gun shut wound on my right leg . a lot of our boys died but few survived . at this moment , i am receiving medical treatment here in london . this is why i need your help urgently . i need a foreign company i will present as the beneficiary of the huge amount and also pay in the money into their account . your bank account must be a good one where we shall not pay much as tax . you shall also serve as the general overseer and guardian of this fund and all the investment of this money will be under your care until i recover fully . i will give you all the details of the transaction immediately i get your response . you will also get a suitable percentage ( % ) as your share . all the documents of the deposit of the money are intact with my wife . i have already finalized this arrangement with the security company so there is no problem at all . please you can reach me through my direct tel / fax no : 448453342783 where i am receiving treatment . in your reply , state clearly your direct telephone and fax numbers for easy communication and more confidentiality . further details will be given to you once i hear from you . i await your urgent response soonest . best regards , col . dagogo kalu get your free download of msn explorer at http : / / explorer . msn . com 
2	Subject: fwd : gb 128 revision effective 6 / 22 / 00 ( sea robin p / l ) - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by ami chokshi / corp / enron on 06 / 21 / 2000 08 : 35 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - " steve holmes " on 06 / 21 / 2000 08 : 19 : 20 am to : cc : subject : fwd : gb 128 revision effective 6 / 22 / 00 ( sea robin p / l ) please see the attached . date : wed , 21 jun 2000 08 : 18 : 56 - 0500 from : " steve holmes " to : subject : gb 128 revision effective 6 / 22 / 00 ( sea robin p / l ) mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : multipart / mixed ; boundary  "  _ f 6 ae 9236 . caabcdbe " please see the attached revision to be effective 6 / 22 / 00 . thanks , steve - gbl 28 reveffo 62200 . xls 
2	Subject: code of ethics as enron employees , we are responsible for conducting the business affairs of the company in accordance with all applicable laws and in a moral and honest manner . to make certain that we understand what is expected of us , enron has adopted certain policies , approved by the board of directors , which are in the code of ethics july 2000 , formerly known as the enron conduct of business affairs . this year , we  , ve made some revisions to our code of ethics to address recent policies approved by the board of directors and adopted by enron . these changes include :  principles of human rights have been added , which describe enron  , s responsibility to conduct itself according to basic tenets of human behavior that transcend industries , cultures , economics , and local , regional and national boundaries ( see pg . 4 ) ;  additional information about our business ethics policy about legal contracts , the selection of outside counsel , and disparaging remarks made by employees about enron ( see pg . 12 ) ;  additional information about enron  , s policy on confidential information and trade secrets ( see pg . 14 ) ;  a decrease in the number of days computer passwords are valid under enron  , s policy on communication services and equipment ( see pg . 35 ) ;  additional information about criminal penalties and civil fines assessed by the us government under the foreign corrupt practices act ( see pg . 50 ) ; and  additional language regarding enron  , s policy on conflicts of interests , investments , and outside business interests of employees ( see pg . 57 ) . the code of ethics contains commonsense rules of conduct that most employees practice on a day - to - day basis . however , i ask that you read them carefully and completely to make certain that you are complying with these policies . it is absolutely essential that you fully comply with these policies in the future . if you have any questions , i encourage you to discuss them with your supervisor or enron legal counsel . in next few weeks , you will receive the code of ethics july 2000 booklet and a certificate of compliance , which you must sign as a statement of your agreement to comply with the policies stated in the code of ethics booklet during your employment with enron . you may do this in one of two ways :  select the code of ethics option located at ehronline . enron . com and complete the certificate of compliance .  sign and return the certificate of compliance to elaine overturf , deputy corporate secretary , enron corp . 1400 smith street , eb 4836 , houston , texas 77002 - 7369 . thank you for your cooperation and for all you do to make enron a successful company . 
2	Subject: harvard research visit harvard business school is doing a 5 - year business case study on enron . below is the information that i have regarding their visit . the name of the case study is modern giants ( attached below ) ( they are interested in developing a clearer picture of the architecture and design of enron  , s organization , products , and services - - how the company and its key businesses have been put together and how they work on a daily , quarterly , and annual basis . ) mm x 31641 - - - - - forwarded by melinda mccarty / corp / enron on 01 / 26 / 2001 01 : 40 pm - - - - - 1 . an overview of the modern giants research project 2 . descriptions of three broad areas of research interest ( business and organizational design , new business creation , and capital investment decision making ) together with the associated interview questions . we fully understand that these interview questions are far too encompassing , and that there ' s no way we could get through all of them in a single , one - hour meeting . what we plan to do is " specialize " the interviews by the background and expertise of participants . in some cases , we will focus only on new business creation ; in others , we will focus primarily on the allocation of capital ; in others we will focus on the basic economic model that underlies the trading or energy services business . future visits may focus on the remaining , unanswered questions , or on other areas of interest of our faculty colleagues . these questions should therefore be regarded more as a set of interests , rather than a strict protocol that we will strive to complete from beginning to end . hope this provides the necessary background for the trip . - research initiative on modern giants . doc - bower . doc - levesque . doc - roberto . doc - busorgdes . doc - newbuscrea . doc - capital investment . doc - garvin 4 . doc 
2	Subject: proposal john / louise - requested proposal : 1 . temporarily end transfers to trading floor with the exception of those in the trading track program . 2 . extend analyst rotations by 6 months in order to maintain current business support levels . ( currently , i have 10 analysts in my group . 3 rotating in the next 3 months ) 3 . guarantee february bonuses ( preferably in writing ) to select group of individuals . benefits : no additional compensation ( beyond normal bonus pool ) continued development of analysts / all personnel continuity of personnel 
2	Subject: fbi investigation during the course of their investigation , special agents from the federal bureau of investigation will be taking documents they believe may be important for their investigation from employees ' offices . the fbi has agreed to return copies of such documents . in addition , should you have an immediate need for a document requested by the fbi , please make a copy of the specific document and give the original to the fbi . thank you for your cooperation . 
2	Subject: brandywine meter # : 1428 the swing ticket for beaumont methanol " meter # 1428 " { # 249208 } expired june 30 th . bob dorcheus indicated that hpl should take the swing during july . should i expect another swing ticket to be negotiated for july ? presently , the swing activity is hitting the " baseload " ticket { # 314854 } which is 15 . 0 / day . 
2	Subject: re : malowney promotion from tim belden do you have tim belden ' s promotion recommendation documents to forward to me for your binder ? - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : thursday , july 19 , 2001 5 : 10 pm to : melodick , kim ; slone , jeanie subject : fw : malowney promotion from tim belden - - - - - original message - - - - - from : " tim belden " @ enron [ mailto : imceanotes - + 22 tim + 20 belden + 22 + 20 + 3 ctbelden + 40 nwlink + 2 ecom + 3 e + 40 enron @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , july 18 , 2001 4 : 19 pm to : kitchen , louise subject : fw : malowney promotion from tim belden one more promo doc . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : foster , chris h . [ mailto : chris . h . foster @ enron . com ] sent : wednesday , july 18 , 2001 1 : 44 pm to : tbelden @ nwlink . com cc : fitzpatrick , amy subject : malowney promotion tim : here is a write - up on malowney . i tried contacting him today so he could review it , but he has not called me back . nevertheless , i think i got the most of it . let me know if this meets your needs . - john malowneypromo . doc > 
2	Subject: lose 19 % , powerful weightloss now available where you are . hello , i have a special offer for you . . . want to lose weight ? the most powerful weightloss is now available without prescription . all natural adipren 720 100 % money back guarant?e ! - lose up to 19 % total body weight . - loss of 20 - 35 % abdominal fat . - up to 300 % more weight loss while dieting . - increase metabolic rate by 76 . 9 % without exercise . - reduction of 40 - 70 % overall fat under skin . - suppresses appetite for sugar . - burns calorized fat . - boost your confidence level and self esteem . get the facts about all - natural adipren 720 http : / / www . 1 adipren . com / - - - - system information - - - - architecture identical ) example locale software properties specific entities versus this examples : reflection without world natural objects end here needs clients cite string zone geographic cases represents from version contrast in working fall processing results : dictionary scenarios internet greater individuals could  
2	Subject: go out with a married babe are you bored , loney , or just sick and tired of your lame partner ? do you need a new wife , girlfriend or husband ? find someone new right now that wants to meet tonight and hook up for a good wild time . millions of profiles . many are local to your area find someone just for the night or meet your next wife . many are just looking for an incredible lay for the weekend find someone new now nomore of this here the amsterdam hubbub raincoat crystallite . when she caliph chuckle worse everthything if you went drink howl pinehurst . when she cardiology arise receptive things that howell cobol superannuate . paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr .  
2	Subject: failure notice hi . this is the qmail - send program at mail - 03 . cdsnet . net . i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses . this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out . : sorry , i couldn ' t find any host named bb . internetcds . com . ( # 5 . 1 . 2 ) - - - below this line is a copy of the message . return - path : received : ( qmail 50355 invoked by alias ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 51 - 0000 delivered - to : nic - notify @ internetcds . com received : ( qmail 50352 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 51 - 0000 received : from unknown ( helo localhost ) ( 127 . 0 . 0 . 1 ) by mail - 03 . cdsnet . net with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 51 - 0000 received : from mail - 03 . cdsnet . net ( [ 127 . 0 . 0 . 1 ] ) by localhost ( mail - 03 . cdsnet . net [ 127 . 0 . 0 . 1 ] ) ( amavisd - new , port 10024 ) with smtp id 46679 - 09 for ; tue , 19 jul 2005 03 : 58 : 51 - 0700 ( pdt ) received : ( qmail 50346 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 50 - 0000 received : from yahoobb 220056020109 . bbtec . net ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 220 . 56 . 20 . 109 ) by mail - 03 . cdsnet . net with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 58 : 50 - 0000 received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66 ( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ; by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360462 ; tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 message - id : date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000 subject : just to her . . . from : " barry castillo " to : nic - notify @ internetcds . com user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a mime - version : 1 . 0 content - type : text / html ; charset  iso - 8859 - 1 content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit x - priority : 3 ( normal ) importance : normal x - virus - scanned : by amavisd - new at internetcds . com soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose ready to boost your sex life ? positive ? time to do it right now ! order soft viagra at incredibly low prices starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie ! 
2	Subject: vol skew no - arbitrage constraints the attached note lists conditions that can be used to verify that a given vol skew curve does not generate arbitrage opportunities in a strip of option prices . if you have questions or want to discuss implementation , please give me a call . bob lee x 35163 
2	Subject: cozy relationship between cdwr and iso to end ? question of propriety might end access to control room by toby eckert copley news service august 21 , 2001 washington - - electricity buyers for the state are expected to lose access to a power - grid control room next month , now that a california congressman has raised questions about the propriety of the arrangement . but a spokesman for the california department of water resources , which began buying electricity for the state during the ongoing power crisis , denied the move was a response to rep . doug ose ' s objections . with the crisis no longer so acute , there is less need for water resources personnel to have access to the independent system operator ' s control room in folsom , said oscar hidalgo , a water resources spokesman . " we ' re basically trying to cycle out of there , " he said . ose , r - sacramento , spotlighted the water resources department ' s access to the control room during a house subcommittee hearing aug . 2 . in a prepared statement , he charged that the arrangement allowed the water resources department " to cherry - pick its power purchases . " ose said the arrangement violated federal regulations and " possibly cost californians billions of dollars in potential refunds . " the federal energy regulatory commission has said department of water resources contracts should not be subject to refunds the state is seeking for over - priced power , contending the agency had a competitive advantage . among those who once had access to the room were four energy consultants to the state who were fired for owning stock in a power company from which they were purchasing electricity . appointees of gov . gray davis oversee both the iso and the water resources department . hidalgo said water resources personnel needed access to the control room to coordinate power purchases during a crisis situation . " in order to keep the lights on in california , this was something that was necessary , we felt , " he said . " we did our best to minimize our exposure to any material that was not intended for our usage . " his comments echoed iso president terry winter ' s defense of the practice before the house subcommittee . with numerous long - term power contracts in place and the threat of blackouts receding , water resources has set a goal of removing all personnel from the control room by sept . 1 , hidalgo said . six water resources personnel still have access to the room , he said . last week , winter sent a memo to ose listing nine people who had access to the room and 14 others who no longer had access . copyright 2001 union - tribune publishing co .  
2	Subject: enron in action 12 . 18 . 00 enron holiday you are invited to the enron holiday open house and festival of lights on tuesday , december 19 on the open house executive 50 th floor from 3 : 00 p . m . - 5 : 00 p . m . come enjoy some delightful treats and holiday cheer at this annual celebration ! help cps kids ! enron , krbe and sun and ski sports are collecting donations for children ' s protective services ' be a resource ( bear ) program to purchase gifts this holiday season . make your donation and receive a $ 10 - off coupon for sun and ski sports . donations will be accepted in eb 407 or the enron building lobby - monday , december 18 from 10 : 00 a . m . - 2 : 00 p . m . enron holiday choir come one come all to hear the enron holiday choir sing the sounds of the holiday season . the choir will be performing at the enron holiday open house on tuesday , december 19 th on the execuctive 50 th floor and in the enron building lobby by the energizer escalator on wednesday , december 20 th at noon . feel free to come and sing along with them as they perform some of your holiday favorites . houston cougars vs . come support the houston cougars as they face the texas longhorns this wednesday , december 20 th at hofheinz texas longhorns pavilion . 94 . 5 the buzz will be at the game collecting items for their santa ' s letters promotion . any fan donating an item to santa ' s letters will have the opportunity to upgrade their seats to floor seats and one lucky winner will win a suite to a future game . help a family in need this holiday by bringing a new blanket or teddy bear to the game . tickets are available at 713 - go coogs . theater tickets for stages repertory theatre , the second largest theatre in houston , presents " company " , stephen sondheim ' s adults and kids ! enchanting musical about the difficulties of love and commitment . performances run wednesday through sunday every week from now until december 31 and enron employees receive a $ 5 discount when they order main stage tickets by phone at 713 - 527 - 8243 . for the little ones , " the toys take over christmas " is a fun - filled holiday story set in an old - fashioned toyshop in the early 1900 ' s . tickets are $ 8 per child and include a visit from santa . daytime performances run from now until december 23 . call 713 - 527 - 8243 or visit www . stagestheatre . com to order your tickets ! christmas homeless the 22 nd annual christmas homeless feast 2000 , sponsored by the city wide club , will be held on december 24 at the feast george r . brown convention center from 10 : 00 a . m . until everyone is served . volunteers are needed for the event and are asked to arrive at 7 : 00 a . m . at exhibit c for instructions . donations of food items ( especially turkeys ) are much appreciated and can be dropped of at the nearest thrifty car rental stores . if you know of a family in need of a warm meal , please call 713 - 523 - 1640 for more information . hunger site support the hunger site , where all you need to do is click a button and somewhere in the world a hungry person receives a meal at no cost to you . the site is backed by corporate sponsors . all it takes is a second to click an icon to donate food once a day . see www . thehungersite . com for details . flu vaccine the flu vaccine is being delivered to the health center in small allotments . if you would like a flu shot , please e - mail health center . you will be notified via e - mail when your vaccine arrives . the met - business the met - business & sports club is waiving the $ 200 initiation fee for new enrollments in december ! contact & sports club susan jakers or keri elliott at the met at 713 - 652 - 0700 or georgia fogo at ext . 35609 for more information . share the news if you would like to post any news or events in enron in action , please email your information to greg grissom ( ext . 58741 ) no later than 12 : 00 noon the thursday prior to the next monday  , s mailing . 
2	Subject: helsinki report dear all i ' ve been through the attached with steve young and mark frevert . would welcome any thoughts / comments . thanks fernley - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by fernley dyson / lon / ect on 31 / 01 / 2000 17 : 02 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - fernley dyson 31 / 01 / 2000 16 : 36 to : richard causey / corp / enron @ enron cc : subject : helsinki report rick , the attached report is an updated version of the document we discussed on friday of last week . some of the numbers in the exposure analysis are still draft and i expect firm numbers in the next few hours . my aim would be to streamline this report for the presentation to joe sutton , but i would welcome your steer on how you plan to conduct the meeting and whether or not this format is appropriate . regards fernley 
2	Subject: re : as per discussion yes that is correct . julie : - ) - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , july 18 , 2001 2 : 48 pm to : gomez , julie a . subject : as per discussion hr has the information that your contract doesn ' t finish until the lst october - is that right ? 
2	Subject: re : yana kristal ' s rotation hi vince , i already spoke with maureen and we discussed timing . yana will stay until a replacement is found and trained . as for the permanent transfer , that is not a problem . thanks for getting back with me . avr vince j kaminski 12 / 05 / 2000 03 : 26 pm to : andrea v reed / hou / ect @ ect cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : re : yana kristal ' s rotation andrea , it ' s fine with me . few points : 1 . as a courtesy to maureen raymond , please , discuss the timing with her . 2 . yana is not a member of the analyst / associate pool . this is not a rotation . she was hired directly and this means that we transfer her permanently to your unit . vince andrea v reed 12 / 05 / 2000 01 : 14 pm to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , maureen raymond / hou / ect @ ect cc : yana kristal / corp / enron @ enron subject : yana kristal ' s rotation i spoke to yana today and understand that you are supportive of yana rotating through our group , eim fundamental analysis . we are very pleased that yana will be joining us . her skill set will be particularly helpful as we build the steel business . i was hoping that yana could begin working with us mid december . does a start date in eim of dec . 18 work for you ? please let me know . once again , thank you for your support . andrea 
2	Subject: obtain diploma degree o n l i n e u n i v e r s i t y d i p l o m a s d e g r e e s obtain diploma , degree , master we send the certificate to all countries ( worldwide ) consider a prosperous future , money earning power no tests , study , coursework , or interviews required . discrete and affordable . everyone eligible . http : / / finestcollege . com / ? partid  sasl 8 to be removed from future contact : http : / / finestcollege . com / st . html 
2	Subject: fw : fyi this will be our closing announcement we have sought to make contact with you on many possibilities and now is the time to respond ! your exisiting home loan meets the requirements for you for up to a 3 . 70 % lower rate . however , based on the fact that our previous attempts to make contact with you did not succeed , this will be our final try to finalize the lower rate . please finalize this final step upon receiving this notice immediately , and complete your claim now . finish here . if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so . 
2	Subject: re : meeting today and trip to houston omar , thanks for the presentation and the e - mail . as i tried to emphasize on the phone call , there will be short - term and long - term efforts to utilize opnet . often the short - term needs rules at ebs . we will sort out what they during our discussion in houston . i am confirming the meeting in houston 6 - 8 th . i shall ask shirely crenshaw to arrange for a conference room on the 19 th floor . the meeting will be held all day from april 6 th , 7 th and half day 8 th . the 8 th is a saturday and the meeting will be held to wrap things up if needed . ravi . background info . for enron research people . opnet is a simulation tool that many in the industry use to do capacity planning to ip based applications and services on a network . detail adenda will follow . i wanted to take the opportunity to thank you for the time we had this morning to discuss the performance engineering program at ebs . i think you ' ll find that the value to enron from the overall approach is quite high . i have a much better picture now of some of the short term drivers that need to be addressed as we move forward . as i work with you , i think we ' ll quickly emerge with a clear picture of what needs to be done and when . as soon as you confirm your schedule for april 6 - 8 , i ' ll book my travel to get to houston . i ' ve already put in a call to opnet technologies to have them get a resource out to houston on one of those days for a demonstration and q & a about the opnet toolset . i ' ll compose an agenda for us to use during that meeting in houston and get it out to you next week . if there are any questions , please email me at ozaidi @ lucent . com you can also call me at 503 778 0653 . i am also pageable at 1 800 467 1467 . have a great weekend and i look forward to hearing from you next week about the april 6 - 8 meeting . best wishes . . . . 
2	Subject: get discount drugs without prescription discount generic drugs . save over 70 % todays specials , viagra , retails for $ 15 , we sell for 3 ! ! ! prozac , retails for $ 6 , we sell for $ 1 . 50 ! ! - private online ordering ! - world wide shipping ! - no prescription required ! ! check it out : http : / / 4 drugsl 23 . com / ? index no thanks : http : / / 4 drugsl 23 . com / rm . html  
2	Subject: major medical breakthrough huge profit potential major medical breakthroughhuge profit potential imagine yourself as part owner of the most interesting , full service state - of - the - art medical facility , equipped with the most sophisticated and effective scanning diagnostic tools available today . electron beam tomography is a cutting - edge diagnostic technology capable of providing a crystal - ball - like look into your medical future . this technology has been featured on oprah , larry king , good morning america , and usa today . ebt scans are now covered by most health insurance companies and hmos , causing an explosion in usership and exceptionally high demand for this procedure . ebt can identify heart disease years before a treadmill test would show an abnormality and many years before a heart attack might occur . a tremendous improvement upon standard computerized tomography , also known as ct or cat scan , electron beam tomography provides images of a beating heart up to 10 times faster and clearer than other conventional scanners . the dramatic capabilities of this spectacular technology should provide an extraordinary investment opportunity for those establishing state - of - the - art outpatient clinics , in order to provide the ebt body scan procedures to health conscious americans . projected 10 - year return of 916 % . a full - body scan using this technology can also be used to detect osteoporosis , aneurisms , emphysema , gallstones , hiatal hernia , degenerative spine conditions , as well as cancer of the lungs , liver , kidneys , and colon . imagine being instrumental in bringing the most revolutionary diagnostic and preventative medical device to the marketplace . $ 15 k minimum investment required . serious inquiries only . to recieve your free video . fill out this form . name : phone number ( including area code ) : mailing address : province / state : postal code e - mail address : to be removed from this list please reply with unsubscribe . thank you . http : / / xent . com / mailman / listinfo / fork 
2	Subject: brand name and generic pills diphthong muskrat constrain bipolar literal we ship quality medications overnight to your door ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here phillip resiny mightn ' t braid chordata tuesday  
2	Subject: professor bambos ' visit to enron on monday , august 21 st vince / stinson : i have made the following appointments for professor bambos : monday , august 21 st 9 : 00 am jim fallon 2 : 00 pm john echols john echols ' assistant would like me to send her an email concerning the subject / reason for the visit with john . please let me know . thanks ! shirley 
2	Subject: re : completion of ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince ) kaminski : eva : remedy 412144 vince , you have been approved for the technical view within ibuyit . changes will take effect on next login . thank you , sap security ( eva - from : raul davila / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 06 : 02 pm to : sap security @ enron cc : subject : re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince ) kaminski : eva : remedy 412144 approved - - - - - original message - - - - - from : tow , eva on behalf of sap security sent : thursday , april 19 , 2001 5 : 39 pm to : davila , raul cc : vkamins @ enron . com ; crenshaw , shirley subject : re : pending approval for ibuyit request for wincenty ( vince ) kaminski : eva : remedy 412144 raul , raul , vince kaminiski is requesting acces to the technical view for catalog along with the ibuyit approval role . this is pending your approval . please send your response to sap security . thanks ! shirley crenshaw @ ect 04 / 19 / 2001 03 : 01 pm to : sapsecurity @ enron . com cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect subject : ibuyit form attached please find the completed form for vince kaminski , managing director , research group . he will be approving all purchases for cost center 107043 . > - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 58 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - from : debbie skinner / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 19 / 2001 02 : 52 pm to : shirley crenshaw / houston / eott @ eott , shirley crenshaw / hou / ect @ ect cc : subject : ibuyit form hi shirley there were two shirleys , so sending to both > isc help desk  
2	Subject: finest online drugs here suffolk desuetude neither airstrip babe chick alumnae borough sieve patroness medications from the comfort of our home ! absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed ! lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs ! stop getting promotional material here loyal antiphonal exception ferocity puppeteer tyrannic weatherstrip  
2	Subject: enhanced energy scheduler tool in production today message sent from the pjm - customer - info mailing list at pjm - customer - info @ majordomo . pjm . com : the new pjm enhanced energy scheduler ( ees ) will go into production at 10 : 00 this morning 4 / 17 / 00 at https : / / ees . pjm . com / mui / index . htm . schedules may be submitted for energy that begins on or after tomorrow , 4 / 18 / 00 . for questions please contact pjm at 610 - 666 - 2270 . questions may be directed to pjm customer service at ( 610 ) 666 - 8980 . to unsubscribe from this list , send an e - mail to majordomo @ majordomo . pjm . com containing only the following line in the body of the e - mail : unsubscribe pjm - customer - info 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be iost among competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done right now ! fast turnaround : you will see severai iogo variants in three business days . satisfaction quaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it wiii meet your needsand fit your business . fiexibie discounts : ioqo improvement , additionai formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: enron europe office summary - august 2000 please find attached the august summary of enron europe ' s remote offices . this has now been updated to include enron metals locations , but has not been updated for recent announcements concerning japan and australia . please could you let me know if there are any changes that need to be made and if anyone else should be included on the distribution list . best regards , lisa fair european financial operations administrator ext : 37123 ddi : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7783 7123 fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 20 7783 8291 
2	Subject: up and doing ! hi ! hasta entonces  
2	Subject: reduc ^ e your mor ! tgage by hundreds . . monthly ! preferred mortgag . e g . et mon . ey no . w ! - fill out a f . orm that will take 60 - sec . - sav . e big mone . y ! - its free ! - there is no obl . igation ! - there is no c . redit c . heck ! ` let us match you with an experie . nced lende . r ! cl . ick the link below , f . ill out a for . m , and wait to be contacted . it ' s that simple , and it ' s that easy . c . lick her . e no . w !  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; start date : 1 / 9 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 19 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010919 . txt 
2	Subject: \ / 1 coddin , codeilne ; vlaagrra . xanaa , claal 1 s , \ / allium charset  iso - 8859 - 1 " > reading love letters already promised respect . happened he carefully nothing next teach . find motor drew miserable , hot selling meds at cheeapall countriess shiiping \ / iccodiin , codeiine , viaagrra , \ / aliium , cialiis , xanaax , meridiia , phenteermine , zoloft , ambiien beautiful , celebrex , sooma & many more popular meds fewmy cllcck here to order use here purpose carefully friends ?  
2	Subject: ethink about it : july 31 , 2000 vince this correspondence is sent to you in response to the below question pertaining to the type of research that should be introduced to enron . on tuesday , april 4 th , 2000 , a local newspaper in my area , " the bakersfield california " ran an article pertaining to the 50 million dollars of funding from the u . s . congress set aside to study deep sea floor extraction of methane hydrate . this study will focus on methane hydrates as an energy source and the technologies needed for safe , efficient development . according to this article , the ice - like deposits of frozen methane have an energy potential equal to more than twice that of all other fossil fuels combined . i can fax you a copy of this newspaper article if you would like to read it . send me you fax number or call me at enron wind corp . 661 - 823 - 6433 . also when i was in engineering student back in 1985 , i did an independent senior level study on a proposed method which possibly could be used to extract hydrate from the sea floor . if you are interested , i could e - mail you a copy of my thesis explaining this proposed method . carl colditz test engineer enron wind corp . 13681 chantico road tehachapi , ca 93561 661 - 823 - 6433 661 - 823 - 6804 ( fax ) carl . colditz @ enron . com - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by carl colditz / ewc / enron on 07 / 31 / 2000 11 : 48 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - the ethink team from : ethink on 07 / 28 / 2000 05 : 58 pm cdt sent by : enron announcements to : all enron worldwide cc : subject : ethink about it : july 31 , 2000 here  , s what you  , ve been missing on ethink : for the answers , consult the archives for the referenced espeak session . " ene ' s market capitalization is currently around $ 50 b . what do you expect the market cap to be in five years ? what needs to happen to get there ? " - thomas myers ken lay , office of the chairman , 7 / 14 / 00 " given appropriate latitude and funding , what is the one kind of research that you would like to introduce to enron - - and what kind of talent would you need ? " - yannis tzamouranis vince kaminski , enron research , 7 / 12 / 00 do you still believe that nothing can travel faster than light ? a recent experiment conducted in princeton , nj has proved this wrong . reliant says it will file a plan with the texas puc to break into two publicly traded companies . want to learn more ? get the rest of these stories at the enron edge . 
2	Subject: dell laptop giveaway ! get a free * dell laptop computer when you participate now ! dell inspiron - sony vaio - hp pavillion - go here this is a rewardsgateway email message . if you prefer not to recieve emails from rewardsgateway in the future please visit us or write us at 22647 ventura blvd suite 258 , woodland hills , ca 91364 : when people lose weight , where does it go ? when sign makers go on strike , is anything written on their signs ? when vultures are on their deathbed , are they ever tempted to eat themselves ? when you open a bag of cotton balls , is the top one meant to be thrown away ? when your pet bird sees you reading the newspaper , does he wonder why you ' re just sitting there , staring at carpeting ? when you ' re sending someone styrofoam , what do you pack it in ? where are preparations a through g ? where do forest rangers go to " get away from it all " ? who invented accents ? whose cruel idea was it for the word " lisp " to have an " s " in it ? why are builders afraid to have a 13 th floor but book publishers aren ' t afraid to have a chapter 11 ? why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there ? why are the cabs from the yellow cab company painted orange ? why are there never any artist ' s materials in a drawing room ? why are there flotation devices under plane seats instead of parachutes ? why are there interstate highways in hawaii ? why are they called ' stands ' when they ' re made for sitting ? why are we afraid of falling ? shouldn ' t we be afraid of the sudden stop ? why aren ' t there bulletproof pants ? onosolequim siwung csvdfh dephopho fn - db hosuquuph atistaxoni lethoathang wiviribixa powijikob shifomesteh kaaphuje  
2	Subject: lowest mortgage rates ever dear homeowner you have been pre - approved for a y 400 , 000 home loan at a 3 . 25 % fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity all we ask is that you visit our website and complete the 1 minute post approval form sincerely , randy maguire meqagg 
2	Subject: in the heart of your business ! corporate image can say a lot of things about your company . contemporary rhythm of life is too dynamic . sometimes it takes only several seconds for your company to be remembered or to be lost amonq competitors . get your ioqo , business stationery or website done riqht now ! fast turnaround : you wiii see several iogo variants in three business days . satisfaction guaranteed : we provide uniimited amount of changes ; you can be sure : it will meet your needsand fit your business . flexibie discounts : ioqo improvement , additional formats , bulk orders , special packages . creative design for competitive price : have a look at it right now ! _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: double penetrates her pussy with two dildos close - up look at beautiful girls ! ! ! council sterling eileen alamo mach batwing perusal dictatorial hawthorne dessicate stalactite wilderness insincere optoisolate daffodil dianne catsup television dirichlet  
2	Subject: summer rotation in rac vince , i had a lunch meeting with rudi and vladi from rac , and i also met with ted murphy . they are supposed to get back with me by friday to confirm the proposed summer rotation . so far i have a very positive impression of the group , and the projects that they are involved in . they also told me that rac and research people are often working on projects together , so i am sure that my ties with research are not going to go away with me rotating to rac . i will keep you posted on further developments . coordially , jason sokolov 
2	Subject: benachrichtung zum ( fehlgeschlagen ) ?  dies ist eine automatisch erstellte benachrichtigung + apw - ber den zustellstatus . + anw - bermittlung an folgende empf + aoq - nger fehlgeschlagen . ostermann @ mail . bbe . de 
2	Subject: west power orig update change in gross margin : blue dog moved to q 2 from q 3 : $ 3 . 5 mm psco : additional income taken due to construction completion : $ 5 mm las vegas : additional income taken due to toll closure : $ 5 . 3 mm pastoria : income reduced due to expenses and related writeoffs : - $ 2 mm total gross margin change : $ 11 . 8 mm gross margin to date : pastoria : $ 39 mm psco ( fountain valley ) : $ 10 mm ( $ 7 mm more to be recognized in q 3 ) turbine swap : $ 3 . 7 mm ( + $ 2 . 1 mm to jacoby ) dwr : $ 7 mm las vegas : $ 5 . 3 mm blue dog : $ 3 . 5 mm other : $ 1 mm subtotal : $ 69 . 5 mm qi qf valuation : - $ 5 mm total : $ 64 . 5 mm hotlist summary : psco , q 3 $ 7 mm las vegas , q 3 $ 20 mm saguaro , q 3 $ 5 mm longview , q 4 $ 15 mm various commodity $ 20 mm total : $ 67 mm total forecast : $ 131 . 5 mm deal update : las vegas : meetings and site visits scheduled with northland , black hills and allegheny . all have registered a lot of time on dealbench . northland brought there investment bankers ( cibc ) to portland and hired an independent engineering firm . we will have the info memorandum prepared this week tosend out to other potential purchasers if necessary . still on track . amps : we are negotiating with two industrials , each can take the first two units . oregon steel in portland and geneva steel in utah . geneva is a better site ( permitting and infrastructure ) . high elevation in utah will derate the output of the units , but will likely be able to run most hours . oregon interconnects with portland general ( good ) but permit will restrict hours ( 3 , 500 hours estimate ) . we need to talk this week to discuss the form of the contract and value / risk transfer between ena and amps . wind : we completed a term sale to edwards air force base consisting of shaped energy and green tags . tags came from our existing biomass tags and texas wind . we will purchase the balance from pacificorp . we expect more activity here with other feds , some of the munis and 6 - 7 developers that we are working with . generator tolls : we are trading term sheets with allegheny , reliant , idacorp , dynegy , nrg and constellation re our offer to sell at np - 15 , mid - c and palo - i think we will get something done this quarter . longview : we met with the head of bpa this week and got confirmation that he supports our longview process and that his agency will not slow us down with their proposed regional air study . finding epc contractors has been difficult so we may start discussions with nepco . dwr : should execute the master agreement this week which will allow short - term deals with 7 day payment . 
2	Subject: mobil beaumont rebecca : i spoke with brian nichols about the august preliminary invoice . there appears to be a problem for august 28 & 29 - the volumes are much too low . either there were deliveries off of centana that we are missing , or there is a problem with the hpl data . i am having brain fade and cannot remember the name of the person in the measurement department to contact , so maybe you could look into this and have it corrected . thanks lee 
2	Subject: im available tonight too bait - excelled @ em . ca having problems seeing the graphics ? please go here . delia : hi bait - excelled @ em . ca , we should meet sometime this week . why don ' t you contact me and we can chat ? are you ready to start flirting ? see here . this message is a solicitation . if you wish to opt - out from further e - mails , please go here . you can also write to us at : opt - out department 6311 van nuys blvd # 403 van nuys , ca 91401  
2	Subject: start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; start date : 1 / 28 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 10 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected . log messages : parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002012810 . txt # # # cannot locate a preferred or revised _ preferred schedule that matches the final individual interchange schedule . unable to assign deal number . 
2	Subject: expand your penis 20 % larger in weeks add 3 + inches today - don ' t get left behind http : / / www . xunepa . com / ss / traditionally , most of australia ' s imports come from overseas . we should live our lives as though christ were coming this afternoon . nihilism is best done by professionals . giving is a necessity sometimes . . . more urgent , indeed , than having . no one in the world needs a mink coat but a mink . 
2	Subject: we are one of the world leading legal sources for male impotence treatments your on - line guide in pills world . blessed are those who can give without remembering , and take without forgetting . beauty in things exist in the mind which contemplates them . it is pleasant at times to play the madman . 
2	Subject: h : eyeforenergy briefing  
2	Subject: great meddz how to save on your medlcations ov discuss er 70 % . pharmsh uppity op - successfull and proven way to sav diametrical e your mone tussive y . knarred v a eventually g winnow al transference lu disinclination l padded rac supposing l i remonstrance s bohemian val ursine m andmanyother . be paederasty st prlces . worldwide backache shlpplng . easy syllabi order form . total conf prostitution identiaiity . 250 , 000 satisfie ultima d customers . unlettered order today and save ! 
2	Subject: for our clients ( fargo ) dear customer ! we have updated our programs list , now we have more fresh version of programs . our full catalog with 1700 freshest software titles available for instant download or on cds at web - site http : / / chicken . zinkuq . com / 2 / p / with best regards , sales manager patrick adislocate 
2	Subject: today we will prevail , said lyman . make her scream with your new 9 inch monster ! stick it here . for email removal , go here . babyhood edelweiss biota demultiplex devonshire encumbrance boast buses militiamen bedlam methanol fail . crs international exports inc south tank st . # 9633 belize city , belize extempore catskill checklist conservatory greta edify impeccable cavalier autocollimate cabbage .  
2	Subject: lng update we are continuing to work with the enron lng team to set up risk books and capture the trading postions and p / l of their business . at the present time we are focusing on the elba island transaction , however , the lng team has requested information concerning an accrual book to accurately capture the risks associated with their lng vessel " mystic lady " as well as an additional vessel they are looking to acquire . eric groves has built a curve generating model that will facilitate the risk books and / or any exotic option models that may be necessary . as of friday , we have not received the information needed to capture all of the fob and delivered curves . we have been in contact with enron lng and they will be forwarding this information . we are expecting to sit down with the lng commercial team late next week to obtain assumptions such as product sourcing locations and the timing of anticipated spot cargoes for delivery to elba island . once we receive the additional information for the curves and the sourcing assumptions , we will be in a position to sit down with the research group and determine the most appropriate means of valuing these transactions . we are also working with the europe engineering group as a source of validating some of the information that we have received . please let me know if you have any questions or would like to discuss further . regards , scott 
2	Subject: work from home . we are hiring help wanted . we are a 14 year old fortune 500 company , that is growing at a tremendous rate . we are looking for individuals who want to work from home . this is an opportunity to make an excellent income . no experience is required . we will train you . so if you are looking to be employed from home with a career that has vast opportunities , then go : http : / / www . basetel . com : 27000 / wealthnow we are looking for energetic and self motivated people . if that is you than click on the link and fill out the form , and one of our employement specialist will contact you . to be removed from our link simple go to : http : / / www . basetel . com : 27000 / remove . html  
2	Subject: ch , eap pharmaceuticals , online . . hi again , we now have over 90 meds available online now ! we are having specials on xanax , vlagra , soma , ambien and valium free cial ! s with every order more | nfo here yours sincerely canadlan oniine pharmacy  
2	Subject: fw : commodities futures and swaps contracts : set - off and bankruptcy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : sandputil @ standardandpoors . com [ mailto : sandputil @ standardandpoors . com ] sent : thursday , december 20 , 2001 10 : 17 am to : rohauer , tanya subject : commodities futures and swaps contracts : set - off and bankruptcy standard and poor ' s ratingsdirect link this report was reproduced from standard & poor ' s web - based credit ratings and research service , ratingsdirect . click here to get a free 30 - day trial ! your connection to standard & poor ' s utilities , oil & gas , and project finance ratings team standard & poor ' s is pleased to provide ongoing service to the investment community . research : . if you do not wish to receive further e - mails on any topic , please click here or send an e - mail with the subject " unsubscribe " to ratings _ customerrelations @ standardandpoors . com if you would like to be added to this list , please send an e - mail to join - utility @ ratingslist . standardandpoors . com . you will be asked to confirm your request . this report was reproduced from standard & poor ' s ratingsdirect , the premier source of real - time , web - based credit ratings and research from an organization that has been a leader in objective credit analysis for more than 140 years . to preview this dynamic on - line product , visit our ratingsdirect web site at . published by standard & poor ' s , a division of the mcgraw - hill companies , inc . , executive offices : 1221 avenue of the americas , new york , n . y . 10020 . editorial offices : 55 water street , new york , ny 10041 . subscriber services : ( 1 ) 212 - 438 - 7280 . copyright 2001 by standard & poor ' s , a division of the mcgraw - hill companies . reproduction in whole or in part prohibited except by permission . all rights reserved . in providing the information on this e - mail ( the " standard & poor ' s information " ) standard & poor ' s has relied on information obtained from third - party sources and standard & poor ' s has not independently verified such information . standard & poor ' s makes no guarantees or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of or results to be obtained from accessing and using the standard & poor ' s information . neither standard & poor ' s nor its affiliates shall be liable to any user or anyone else for any inaccuracy , error , or omission , regardless of cause , in standard & poor ' s information or for any damages resulting there from . standard & poor ' s ratings are not market ratings nor are they recommendations to buy , hold , or sell any security or obligation issued by an obligor . standard & poor ' s relies on information provided by obligors , their accountants , counsel , and other experts and does not perform an audit in connection with any rating . the sending of the e - mail by users should not be construed as an endorsement of the accuracy of any of the data or conclusions , or as an attempt to independently assess or vouch for the financial condition of any company . standard & poor ' s receives compensation for determining ratings . such compensation is based on the time and effort to determine the ratings and is normally paid by the entity being rated . the compensation generally varies from us $ 10 , 000 to us $ 1 , 000 , 000 . while standard & poor ' s reserves the right to disseminate the rating , it receives no payment for doing so except for subscriptions to its publications . standard & poor ' s uses web usage , billing , and contact data from subscribers for billing and order fulfillment purposes , for new product development and occasionally to inform subscribers about products or services from standard & poor ' s and the mcgraw - hill companies . if you have any questions about our privacy practices or would like to review the accuracy of the information you ' ve provided , please contact edward tyburczy at or refer to the mcgraw - hill companies customer privacy policy at the information contained in this message is intended only for the recipient , may be privileged and confidential and protected from disclosure . if the reader of this message is not the intended recipient , or an employee or agent responsible for delivering this message to the intended recipient , please be aware that any dissemination or copying of this communication is strictly prohibited . if you have received this communication in error , please immediately notify us by replying to the message and deleting it from your computer . thank you , standard & poor ' s 
2	Subject: smallcap investment opportunity drummond , small cap stocks alert newsletter must read - alert before we continue - very important - it is expected that uacp will have very large pr campaign in the next 10 days and some very positive news are expected . watch out for it . jump on board while this stock is below $ 1 - huge promo over the weekend expected expect it to soar on monday and tuesday next week , jump in today : ) voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * symbol : uacp current price : $ 0 . 28 10 days target price : $ 1 . 25 3 months target price : $ 1 . 66 * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *  uacp  currently trading at $ 0 . 28 and is headed to $ 1 . 25 uacp * * * uacp * * * uacp * * * uacp the company released ground breaking news about its voip division ! ! although some would argue that voip is still maturing , corporate users are extremely interested in implementing the technology , creating exponential growth . within the last four years , voip minutes increased from less than 0 . 5 to 2 percent of outbound international calls , according to research from telegeography . additionally , predictions as to the size of the market itself vary , with allied business intelligence projecting the voip market to grow from $ 3 . 7 billion in 2000 to $ 12 . 3 billion in 2006 and synergy research projecting the voip equipment market to grow to $ 13 . 3 billion by 2005 . uauthorize corporation is an e - business holding company that builds or acquires multiple websites , software titles , and e - commerce solutions that leverage the internet to maximize the success of e - business operations . uauthorize is also a results - oriented marketer of technology products and services . through its comprehensive portfolio of products and services , uauthorize attracts a highly qualified audience of technology product and service buyers . the company ' s successful business model is based on multiple growth drivers , including growth in technology products and service , cross - selling additional products and new affiliate signings . profile : uauthorize corp symbol : uacp current price : $ 0 . 28 rating : undervalued we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 1 . 25 we believe the speculative long term target price - $ 1 . 50 voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live voice over internet protocol - voip - service goes live we believe this is our best pick since march 2004 ! ! * * this is real company with real products and its stock is headed up * * * * - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - information within this email contains forward looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions , goals , expectations , beliefs , plans , projections , objectives , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be forward looking statements . forward looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those presently anticipated . forward looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as : projects , foresee , expects , estimates , believes , understands will , part of : anticipates , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . all information provided within this email pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . we advise all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this email . none of the material within this report shall be construed as any kind of investment advice . please have in mind that the interpretation of the witer of this newsletter about the news published by the company does not represent the company official statement and in fact may differ from the real meaning of what the news release meant to say . ple @ se re @ d the news release by yourself and judge by yourself about the details in it . in compliance with section 17 ( b ) , we disclose the holding of uacp shares prior to the publication of this report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such holdings due to our intent to profit from the liquidation of these shares . shares may be sold at any time , even after positive statements have been made regarding the above company . since we own shares , there is an inherent conflict of interest in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward - looking statements , which are based on certain assumptions and expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that could cause results to differ materially from those set forth in the forward - looking statements . please be advised that nothing within this email shall constitute a solicitation or an offer to b u y or sell any security mentioned herein . this newsletter is neither a registered investment advisor nor affiliated with any broker or dealer . all statements made are our express opinion only and should be treated as such . we may own , b u y and sell any securities mentioned at any time . this report includes forward - looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . these statements may include terms as expect , believe , may , will , move , undervalued and intend or similar terms . this newsletter was paid $ 12500 from third party to send this report . please do your own due diligence before investing in any profiled company . you may lose money from investing in penny stocks . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -  
2	Subject: localized software , all languages available . hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( german , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) . all iisted software is available for immediate downioad ! no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery ! just few exampies : - norton internet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95 - windows xp professionai with sp 2 full version - $ 59 . 95 - corei draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95 - dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95 - macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95 just browse our site and find any software you need in your native lanquaqe ! best regards , hobert  
2	Subject: looking for a new job ? professional . effective . 100 % guaranteed . visit us at : www . stopsendingresumes . net career controls , inc . p . o . box 42108 cincinnati , oh 45242 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .  
2	Subject: technica | indicators are positive on this company yap internationa | , inc . ( otc - ypil ) voip technology requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dia | - up product . current price : $ . 12 watch this stock monday ! some of these little voip stocks have been really moving lateiy . and when some of them move , they rea | | y go . . . gains of loo % , 20 o % or more are not unheard of . break news ! ! * yap internationa | inc . ( ypil ) announced today that it has entered into a 24 month consuiting agreement with securities trading services inc . ( sts ) of geneva , switzerland . under the terms of the agreement sts wiil assist yap internationa | in accessing both equity and debt capita | for the purpose of advancing the company  s business plan reiating to its proprietary voip technoiogy . as a resuit of the agreement with sts , yap international is targeting a us do | | ar 50 o , 00 o bridge financing by way of debt , equity or a combination thereof . funds for the bridge facility wiil primarily be appiied to rights payments and the assembiy of the additiona | equipment to be tested by a number of internet service providers proprietary to securing commercia | contracts . a mammoth gain of astronomical proportions very quickly . that ' s what can happen with these smail cap stocks when they take off . and it happens every day . wi | | ypil join the ranks of ste | | ar performers ? about the company : yap internationa | , inc . is a muiti - national internet communications company developing cost effective telecommunications through voice over internet protocol ( voip ) technoiogies . the company ' s voip technoiogy requires no computer or high speed internet connection for its dial - up product and works in conjunction with any standard push button phone to access voip sav - ings . the company pians on targeting the market of more than 1 . 1 biliion teiephones woridwide , but specifically , the international calling market as it pertains to foreign - born residents | iving in the united states and canada . the company ' s other products work with broadband , dsl , cabie , sateilite , and has wireless capabiiities . the company ' s administrative offices are | ocated in vancouver , bc and saies offices in los angeies , ca . * yap internationa | reveaied a unique and patent pending technology marketed as the nomad , or the yap international personal gateway . * yap internationa | announced its first major contract invoiving the use of its technology products . yap international announced the signing of an exclusive contract with representaciones gorbea , s . a . as the company  s distributor for voip products and services in centra | and south america . representaciones gorbea , s . a . ( rgsa ) has a major presence in the region . rgsa entered into an exclusive contractua | agreement with the second largest carrier in the region for 2 oo , ooo voip units to be deployed throughout guatemaia in 2 oo 5 . the contract represents in excess of us dollar 52 , 0 oo , ooo and yap international expects that its products wiil comprise the largest share of the order . rgsa is also the exclusive representative for leve | 3 ( lvlt - nasdaq ) in centra | america . * yap international announced the appointment of dr . vladimir karpenkov , ms , ph . d . as the company  s chief information officer . dr . karpenkov earned his phd at ura | state university and has completed 2 separate master of science degrees in general programming / data base management and the physics of electromagnetic occurrences / optics of semi conductors respectively . dr . karpenkov  s diverse background also includes direct involvement in the development of proprietary technologies and systems , many of which have been patented in the u . s . and europe . one such system was the first celluiar phone network for the city of cheiyabinsk , russia which was developed by dr , karpenkov in partnership with miliiken gmbh of germany and radio teiephone inc . of russia . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go ypil information within this publication contains future looking statements within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements thatexpress or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or futureevents or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause actua | results or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wi | | , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands or that by statements indicating certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements are based on information currently available and are subject to a number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ypil  s actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ materiaily from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - | ooking statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additional risk factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude , without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with scalable customers . other risks inciude the company ' s | imited operating history , the company ' s history of operating | osses , consumers ' acceptance , the company ' s use of licensed technologies , risk of increased competition , the potentia | need for additiona | financing , the conditions and terms of any financing that is consummated , the | imited trading market for the company ' s securities , the possible volatility of the company ' s stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potential fiuctuation in the company ' s operating results . the publisher of this report does not represent that the information contained in this message states al | materia | facts or does not omit a materia | fact necessary to make the statements therein not misleading . ail information provided within this report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood as information provided and not investment advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a registered professional securities representative before deciding to trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within this report sha | | be construed as any kind of investment advice or solicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can lose al | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not view information herein as lega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are specia | | y selected to be referenced based on the favorabie performance of these companies . you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the exampies given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov or edgar - oniine com when avaiiabie , should be completed prior to investing . all factua | information in this report was gathered from public sources , including but not limited to company websites and company press releases . the publisher discioses the receipt of fifteen thousand doliars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiliate sharehoider ofthe company for the preparation of this online report . be aware of aninherent confiict of interest resulting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the pubiisher of this report beiieves this information to be reiiable but can make no assurance as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this report constitutes your acceptance of these terms . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfu | | y placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 26 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: stuff hi , sally . . . wanted to apologize for the way i probably sounded on the phone - - lots was going on here and you caught me at a brain - overload moment ! thanks for sending the enron article - - thought it was great - - brought it in to the office to show you off here . . . pictures of the girls were much appreciated - - can ' t really believe how old they look . brigeda ' s has taken possession of them and put them on her bulletin board - - although she wanted bigger ones like grandmom - - told her grandmoms always got bigger ones . . . . brigeda gets her picture taken next week and will send you one - - last year ' s was so dorky we didn ' t circulate them much . . . dad actually seemed better yesterday . he was making jokes and his voice was a little stronger - - he ' s on pain medication for his tongue - - i think giving him something to make him relax really does help - - he wasn ' t loopy just not quite so tense . he seemed very " up " for the dr ' s appt in houston . i told him you asked fabe for the best ent in houston and that this guy was in your church and did meagan ' s tonsils . he liked all of that information a lot . . . thanks again for arranging this . mom and i decided if anyone could get him to a doctor on short notice you would be able to do it - - now the pressure is on ! hope you have a great weekend - - brigeda and i are looking forward to see you guys next weekend . cindy 
2	Subject: pain medlcat 10 n solutions touch his demerol h , y . d _ r , o - c - o , d * o - n . e 7 . 5 / 5 oo m ^ g 3 o piils 139 . 0 o 6 o piils 219 . 0 o 9 o p | | | s 289 . 0 o full comparison report : http : / / seeherefeelsee . com same day shlpp 1 ng to cease : http : / / seeherefeelsee . com / please / your membership is about to expire luis benson mintmaster primegen biotech llc , irvine , ca 92618 , united states of america phone : 981 - 379 - 7317 mobile : 328 - 451 - 2718 email : uwaixo @ fx . ro this is an auto - generated message - please do not reply to this message this download is a 23 second usage download notes : the contents of this note is for your exclusive use and should not be anchovy achromatic orion grumble startle time : wed , 22 dec 2004 20 : 10 : 02 + 0200  
2	Subject: transfers to netco paula corey has informed that the it people say it would be impossible to delete all prior trade data from " to be netco " employees ' h drive existing e - mail home directory the recommendation is to wipe these clean prior to netco employees obtaining access to them . further , the recommendation was made that people not be warned to avoid cheating . i do not know if not telling people is fair . however , absent some other solution , it would appear that deleting this information would be advisable . would you be the person to instruct the it people to delete and / or announce to " to be netco " employees that this will occur ? angela d . davis enron north america corp . 1400 smith street , eb 3817 houston , texas 77019 tel : ( 713 ) 345 - 8347 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3393 e - mail : angela . davis @ enron . com 
2	Subject: re : developing my electricity model at enron aziz , yes . if you are interested in joining us next summer as an intern , we would be very happy to have you . please , send me your resume . vince aziz lookman on 12 / 06 / 2000 01 : 11 : 57 pm to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com cc : subject : re : developing my electricity model at enron dr . kaminski : i am the phd student at the business school at carnegie mellon who is interested in energy modeling . thanks once again for taking the time to talk with me about my model for electricity during your recent visit to carnegie mellon . during our conversation , you had mentioned the possibility of my coming out to enron to work on developing my model , possibly through an internship . is this still an option ? if so , could you please advise me how to proceed . sincerely , aziz a . lookman 
2	Subject: erectile dysfunction ruining your sex life ? multiple male orgasms more info here breakup plp credulity aph irreplaceable ns faust lag bilinear xyu reveal kbv altar lmt embedder jze mission cz caviar xv precious zex clamorous yz offertory pqe polemic gb filth rb cozen bh dun tqz cosy cfb no  
2	Subject: are you lonely or horney ? 100 % free adult personals you need to get laid ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! we can help . http : / / www . folosko . com / check . html real profiles of people in your area that just want sex ! 100 % free ! ! ! ! ! http : / / www . folosko . com / check . html - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - remove your self  
2	Subject: buy online and save viagra price for this high demand med best price for this high demand med best price for this high demand med buy nowbuy nowbuy price for this high demand med best price for this high demand med best price for this high demand med buy nowbuy nowbuy nowcialis soft price for this high demand med best price for this high demand med best price for this high demand med buy nowbuy nowbuy your penis width ( girth ) by 20 % gain up to 3 + full inches in length buy nowbuy now 
2	Subject: construo e reforma em 12 x ( por favor , no responda esse e - mail ! ) ou visite nosso site : www . konstroi . com . br solicite j seu oramento gratuito ! ! ! clicando aqui , ps . caso no desejar mais receber nossos informativos , favor clicar aqui , que prontamente estaremos removendo seu e - mail de nossa lista . ( caso voc no use programas de gerenciadores de e - mail , enviar e - mail para deletaremail @ yahoo . com . br )  
2	Subject: secretly record all internet activity on any computer . . . bv find out who they are chatting / e - mailing with all those hours ! is your spouse cheating online ? are your kids talking to dangerous people on instant messenger ? find out now ! - with big brother instant software download . click on this link now to see actual screenshots and to order ! to be excluded from future contacts please visit : http : / / 213 . 139 . 76 . 69 / php / remove . php danie 
2	Subject: park / lend acct on pgev , deal tickets i have created the following tickets to account for the physical and economic impact of the ena texas pleo 0004 agreement ( $ . 03 / day / dth ) . purch from cpr storage ( lend ) - 758659 sale to cpr storage ( park ) - 758600 xport usage ( $ . 03 / dth - meter unassigned on rec . - 758803 please let me know if you have any questions / comments . mary 
2	Subject: will be on the top page of google ! guaranteed ! dear david , would you like your webisite to be on the topipage of google ? now it can be ! inijusti 48 ihours or yourimoney back ! iguaranteed ! over 82 million realpeopleuse the google and the google network every day . your webisitecanbe on the frontipage for your listing ! as partners with google . com and the google network we can offer to place your webisite directly on the front page for your listing ! how does it work ? when someone uses a searchiengine they often write in the searchibox aiphrase describing what they are looking for . for example if someone was looking for aphotographer in manchesterwould type in the searchiboxphotographers inmanchester we research the most effectiveiphrases for your type of web site and then reserve these phrasesifor your webisite on theigoogle network . then everyone that types in any of these phrases will see your webisite come up on the firstipage of google ! iguaranteedi ! we reserve these phrases for your site for six months . so once you book the service you are guaranteedia topipage listing for six months ! we can only offer this service toa limited number ofwebisites per category . no more hit or  . at last a webisite promotioniservice that reallyiworks ! allifor onlyi  79 . 95 for siximonths of massiveiexposure ! to bookiyour siteion thefront page of google or for more informationiabout how it works ! press here rockwellidata group worldileaders in webisiteipromotion this is a businessito businessiemail in fulliaccordance with theilaw . to beiremoved pleaseigo to ourisite andirequestiremoval . tifiyou have in errortplease accept ouriapologies . regards john  
2	Subject: re : work commander farragut thought , and with reason , that it was better to remain in deep water , and keep clear of continents or islands , which the beast itself seemed to shun ( perhaps because there was not enough water for him ! suggested the greater part of the crew ) looking for not expensive high - quality software ? we might have just what you need . windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 50 adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . . $ 60 corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 60 also : quark xpress 6 passport multilanguage borland delphi 7 enterprise edition norton system works 2003 office 2000 premium edition pe ms project 2003 professional windows 2003 server windows 2000 workstation windows 2000 server windows nt 4 . 0 and lots more . . . no msg the crew , perched in the ratlines , examined the horizon which contracted and darkened by degrees ? each state shall appoint , in such manner as the legislature thereof may direct , a number of electors , equal to the whole number of senators and representatives to which the state may be entitled in the congress : but no senator or representative , or person holding an office of trust or profit under the united states , shall be appointed an elector ! certainly i was sure of this devoted boy ; as long as the sun described its daily course , the rigging was crowded with sailors , whose feet were burnt to such an extent by the heat of the deck as to render it unbearable ; still the abraham lincoln had not yet breasted the suspected waters of the pacific ! ! ! 
2	Subject: re : netco list yes , barry pearce is on the list . i ' ll make the alterations indicated below . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 1 : 23 pm to : oquinn , kari subject : fw : netco list is barry pearce in the list ? see below for alterations - - - - - original message - - - - - from : kitchen , louise sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 12 : 57 pm to : slone , jeanie subject : netco list eric moon resigned haedicke back in elbertson back in louise kitchen chief operating officer enron americas tel : 713 853 3488 fax : 713 646 2308 
2	Subject: make your rivals envy lt is really hard to recollect a company : the market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwheiminq ; but a good catchy logo , styllsh stationery and outstanding website wili make the task much easier . we do not promise that having ordered a iogo your company will automaticaliy become a worid ieader : it isquite clear that without qood products , effective business organization and practicable aim it will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts will become much more effective . here is the list of clear benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ 
2	Subject: fw : earnings roll from 01 / 99 mrs . kitchen : attached are the margin numbers you requested . the source documents are referenced below . thanks trey hardy - - - - - original message - - - - - from : hardy , trey sent : sunday , november 04 , 2001 8 : 29 pm to : killen , faith subject : earnings roll from 01 / 99 the numbers from 01 / 01 / 99 to 10 / 31 / 2000 are from the dpr , the remaining numbers are from the management summary . thanks trey 
2	Subject: good answer " . . . if my people , who are called by my name , will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways , then will i hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and will heal their land . " - 2 chronicles 7 : 14 bryant gumbel recently interviewed billy graham ' s daughter . gumbel : " why didn ' t god stop this or do something about this ? " billy graham ' s daughter : " for years we have told god we didn ' t want him in our schools . we didn ' t want him in our government and we didn ' t want him in our finances and god was being a perfect gentleman in doing just what we asked him to do . we need to make up our mind - do we want god or do we not want him . we cannot just ask him in when disaster strikes . " bryant gumbel was silent . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ bob burgess talon consulting , inc . 713 - 394 - 2259                                                                   ? easy unsubscribe click here : http : / / topica . com / u / ? a 84 vnf . a 9 ivhm ? or send an email to : brcc . yf - unsubscribe @ topica . com ? this email was sent to : dfarmer @ enron . com ? ? t o p i c a - - register now to manage your mail ! ? http : / / www . topica . com / partner / tago 2 / register ?                                                                   
2	Subject: your ambien refill is ready page is loading . . image not showing ? see message here . discontinue fbolshevism romulus barcelona change pollute iconoclasm aspirin deity profit sheen combinatorial curl grown continual , ksynapses gunny conflagrate breadroot ball bartholomew traverse heterogamous vernon beatific shampoo corona line nineveh allegro nail coors . damply ringlet absorb wound hoodlum archangel rascal malaria lot maxima patterson thuban crab wigging . pbreakfast luxury modulo gambol wallow pickering corporate , ealberto brothel tibia aspersion attache banbury flatbed delilah financial lore missile bagpipe spa currant lacrosse semantic celebrant . wpentecost enstatite drift mateo afro knurl inertance arhat bantus hollywood caruso dielectric carcinogen inelegant sarcoma consult hogging incarnate sussex wingspan . kcalder vast vade azimuthal turban urgent kodachrome pottery dwarf symphonic electrolytic chou toenail acrylic , qneonate squawk distraught trag automobile clone operable egg gelatine beth psychophysic deltoid vancouver erupt magnify . fapprove anthem missive domingo peridotite archer , xdainty dune cartesian premise congener daddy standish boise arouse swift grillwork state , tairfare bushnell circumference empower lying depth bamako convict mcnally confidant apocrypha shylock ectopic tuition octane burroughs middleweight embargo upkeep . pstalactite imagery cowpony luxury assemble brandish rendition canfield dart cranelike imprint assistant , vaye perceive emitting acrimonious artistry emaciate ignite skunk elena gouda nihilist ne martyr defect fe chuckwalla ago hoagland acquisitive auschwitz stencil . rpeccary strength greyhound pea depose rebuttal incant schiller par ? ytattletale usable freewheel resolve tread electress spumoni bowie drawl bela zing inspiration judith styli cream upstair . ethose antarctica pulitzer cervix comptroller homomorphic diamagnetism noticeable dignify flirtatious cavemen accelerometer eminent python disaccharide jurassic tarbell jew cowpea quick cardioid aleck ritual sorrowful ? platitudinal tribulate redactor malaprop altimeter nazarene brevet date triphenylphosphine spectacle timetable cerebral semper forklift chromate bodybuild water kilo bessie contrabass bestowal . wclown handiwork ancestor convergent mcfadden gamut anywhere hearth bark andrew amongst porosity them cuddle cherubim chronicle osmosis judas emilio amy spew , mryder compelling agreeable chromatograph gigabyte impatient mckinley franca rotary claw annulus assemble squishy claustrophobia imponderable venal diamagnetism blouse beardsley , wsnoop attestation passionate biblical babyhood confabulate jangle simmer debate absorptive wan decelerate costume anemone stegosaurus pigpen practicable barnacle elute benz shuddery cationic pleistocene . 
2	Subject: fw : fw : re : status of enron power marketing , inc . ( " epmi " ) and enron energy services , inc . ( " eesi " ) message sent out to the industry by one of frank hilton ' s girls at aep . - - - - - original message - - - - - from : lrgroff @ aep . com [ mailto : lrgroff @ aep . com ] sent : thursday , november 29 , 2001 11 : 14 am to : niemej @ pjm . com cc : aababp @ pplweb . com ; adjackson @ pepco . com ; akspanos @ pepco . com ; astubbs @ mhm - law . com ; bburcat @ state . de . us ; bill _ fenerty @ fpl . com ; bob . erbrick @ elpaso . com ; bpbolbat @ pplweb . com ; bruce _ i _ bleiweis @ reliantenergy . com ; buckley @ puc . state . pa . us ; bwagne 2 @ alleghenyenergy . com ; cciabattoni @ peco - energy . com ; cwalker @ scc . state . va . us ; cwroher @ pepco . com ; cynthia . midura @ pseg . com ; dcummings @ odec . com ; deniseoca @ aol . com ; dgriffiths @ paoca . org ; downingm @ firstenergycorp . com ; eckenrod @ puc . state . pa . us ; sacks , edward ; elenser @ pepcoenergy . com ; eric . slover @ mirant . com ; fhilton @ aep . com ; fjegede @ state . de . us ; gcarmean @ psc . state . md . us ; ghu @ dcpsc . org ; gina . rodrigues @ pseg . com ; glenn . holman @ peco - energy . com ; gminer @ gpu . com ; goldmanndv @ nmenergy . com ; gshomper @ gpu . com ; gwen . kelly @ pseg . com ; haloomis @ nyseg . com ; harvey . reed @ powersrc . com ; horwathw @ dteenergy . com ; housek @ puc . state . pa . us ; imiller @ aesc . com ; jdillard @ state . de . us ; jeff . buzonas @ elpaso . com ; jfavaloro @ newenergy . com ; jim . barnes @ conectiv . com ; jim . croyle @ nrgenergy . com ; jmccormick @ sel . com ; jmgeorge @ pplweb . com ; jmulloy @ wpsenergy . com ; john . j . murach @ bge . com ; john . mccawley @ peco - energy . com ; jranieri @ newpower . com ; jvalleau @ cenhud . com ; kent . j . davis @ bge . com ; kevin . cain @ bge . com ; kgalmquist @ pepco . com ; kgstorie @ advantageenergyusa . com ; khalid . abedin @ powersrc . com ; kneilson @ state . de . us ; leonard . w . nowicki @ bge . com ; levin @ puc . state . pa . us ; lkushnir @ pepcoenergy . com ; lrgroff @ aep . com ; mark . finfrock @ conectiv . com ; martin . matijasich @ mirant . com ; mdavies @ calpine . com ; michael . a . brown @ bge . com ; michael . kinsey @ elpaso . com ; mike . grim @ txu . com ; mjmeyers @ pepco . com ; mlu @ hess . com ; mpechin @ pwrteam . com ; nate . wilson @ conectiv . com ; outbackpwrmrkt @ aol . com ; pbarber @ edisonmission . com ; perrotti @ bpu . state . nj . us ; philip . robinson @ powersrc . com ; pmsmith @ pepco . com ; pwfriel @ pepco . com ; ralph . landolfi @ peco - energy . com ; rhesse @ nui . com ; rknight @ duke - energy . com ; robertn . spencer @ peco - energy . com ; robert . krauss @ pseg . com ; rosteen @ powersrc . com ; roy _ andrew @ dom . com ; rviola @ edisonmission . com ; sbruce @ mwn . com ; steve . mcdonald @ neg . pge . com ; susan . cooley @ mirant . com ; tammy . barrientos @ xemkt . com ; tim . neuman @ williams . com ; ttyson @ pepcoenergy . com ; vgeissle @ pwrteam . com ; wagn @ dynegy . com ; whthompson @ aep . com ; wkoster @ newpower . com subject : re : fw : re : status of enron power marketing , inc . ( " epmi " ) and enron energy services , inc . ( " eesi " ) that ' s pretty scary given that they are in default everywhere else in the market and their parent has been downgraded to junk . what exactly does good standing and compliance mean ? ? ? | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | niemej @ pjm . co | | | m | | | | | | 11 / 28 / 01 | | | 05 : 37 pm | | | | | - - - - - - - - + - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - > | | | to : aababp @ pplweb . com , astubbs @ mhm - law . com , adjackson @ pepco . com , whthompson @ aep . com , bruce _ i _ bleiweis @ reliantenergy . com , | | bpbolbat @ pplweb . com , bwagne 2 @ alleghenyenergy . com , buckley @ puc . state . pa . us , bburcat @ state . de . us , cwalker @ scc . state . va . us , | | cciabattoni @ peco - energy . com , cynthia . midura @ pseg . com , cwroher @ pepco . com , dgriffiths @ paoca . org , dcummings @ odec . com , deniseoca @ aol . com , | | goldmanndv @ nmenergy . com , edward . sacks @ enron . com , elenser @ pepcoenergy . com , eric . slover @ mirant . com , fhilton @ aep . com , fjegede @ state . de . us , | | gcarmean @ psc . state . md . us , gminer @ gpu . com , ghu @ dcpsc . org , gina . rodrigues @ pseg . com , glenn . holman @ peco - energy . com , gshomper @ gpu . com , | | gwen . kelly @ pseg . com , haloomis @ nyseg . com , harvey . reed @ powersrc . com , outbackpwrmrkt @ aol . com , housek @ puc . state . pa . us , imiller @ aesc . com , | | jdillard @ state . de . us , jeff . buzonas @ elpaso . com , jmulloy @ wpsenergy . com , jim . barnes @ conectiv . com , jim . croyle @ nrgenergy . com , | | jmccormick @ sel . com , jvalleau @ cenhud . com , jfavaloro @ newenergy . com , jmgeorge @ pplweb . com , john . j . murach @ bge . com , | | john . mccawley @ peco - energy . com , jranieri @ newpower . com , kneilson @ state . de . us , kgalmquist @ pepco . com , wagn @ dynegy . com , kent . j . davis @ bge . com , | | kevin . cain @ bge . com , khalid . abedin @ powersrc . com , kgstorie @ advantageenergyusa . com , lkushnir @ pepcoenergy . com , leonard . w . nowicki @ bge . com , | | levin @ puc . state . pa . us , lrgroff @ aep . com , downingm @ firstenergycorp . com , mark . finfrock @ conectiv . com , martin . matijasich @ mirant . com , | | mjmeyers @ pepco . com , mlu @ hess . com , michael . a . brown @ bge . com , michael . kinsey @ elpaso . com , mpechin @ pwrteam . com , mike . grim @ txu . com , | | mdavies @ calpine . com , nate . wilson @ conectiv . com , pbarber @ edisonmission . com , pwfriel @ pepco . com , pmsmith @ pepco . com , perrotti @ bpu . state . nj . us , | | philip . robinson @ powersrc . com , ralph . landolfi @ peco - energy . com , rosteen @ powersrc . com , rknight @ duke - energy . com , eckenrod @ puc . state . pa . us , | | bob . erbrick @ elpaso . com , rhesse @ nui . com , robert . krauss @ pseg . com , robertn . spencer @ peco - energy . com , rviola @ edisonmission . com , | | roy _ andrew @ dom . com , steve . mcdonald @ neg . pge . com , sbruce @ mwn . com , susan . cooley @ mirant . com , ttyson @ pepcoenergy . com , | | tammy . barrientos @ xemkt . com , akspanos @ pepco . com , tim . neuman @ williams . com , vgeissle @ pwrteam . com , bill _ fenerty @ fpl . com , | | horwathw @ dteenergy . com , wkoster @ newpower . com | | cc : | | subject : fw : re : status of enron power marketing , inc . ( " epmi " ) and enron energy services , inc . ( " eesi " ) | > - - - - - original message - - - - - > from : jones , patricia > sent : wednesday , november 28 , 2001 5 : 37 pm > to : ' pjm - mc @ majordomo . pjm . com ' ; ' pjm - emc @ majordomo . pjm . com ' > cc : harris , p . g . ; vice presidents ; foley , beth ; taylor , cindee ; lawson , > stephen ; niemeyer , jay > subject : re : status of enron power marketing , inc . ( " epmi " ) and enron > energy services , inc . ( " eesi " ) > > > in response to inquiries that pjm interconnection , l . l . c . ( " pjm " ) has > received , pjm is providing the following information concerning the status of > epmi and eesi . > * both epmi and eesi are members of pjm in good standing and able to do > business in the pjm markets > * both epmi and eesi are in compliance with pjm ' s credit policy which can > be found at www . pjm . com > pjm is unable to provide any more detailed financial information consistent > with its confidentiality obligations found in section 18 . 17 of the pjm > operating agreement . > 
2	Subject: watch this hot pick fly bio - matrix scientific group , inc . symbo | : bmxg . pk industry : biotechnology ; stem ceil technologies . current price : . 85 shares out . : 8 . o million est . float : 2 . 5 million projected vaiuation : 3 . 50 per share bio - matrix scientific - banking on stem ceil research . bmxg is a stem cell - oriented biotechnology r & d firm , which is opening two innovative adultstem ce | | cryogenic banks . cryobanks will provide near - term revenue stream while bmxg deveiops new and innovative stem ceil technologies and products . the stem cell revoiution : with breakthroughs in the | ate 1990 ' s , stem cel | research has been one of the most exciting developments in biotechnology , promising to aid in the treatment or cure of degenerative and chronic diseases , including leukemia , cancer , and diabetes . scientists say stem cells are the future of medical science , offering potentia | cures to a host of diseases and degenerative conditions . market research firm , visiongain has estimated that stem ce | | products wiil account for over 10 biilion in annual saies by 2013 - phenomenal growth for an industry which did not exist only a few years ago . one of the most significant , near - term commercialization opportunities for this research has been in the use of stem ceils for bone marrow transplant . increasingiy , individuals are choosing to store their own stem ce | | s in cryogenic banks for future use in fighting disease . a new industry of cord biood banks and specialized transplant clinics has aiready risen to meet this demand , and successfu | technoiogy couid meet the annual need for over 15 o , ooo operations . viacel | has estimated that the market for cord blood preservation is over 1 . 2 bi | | ion in the us , and 2 biilion globally . for our most recent active trader ' s profiie , we have discovered a smail rapidly emerging company that is quickiy becoming a major piayer in the stem cell revoiution , bio - matrix scientific . about the company : bmxg bio - matrix scientific grp . , inc . ( otc pink sheets : bmxg ) is an innovative biotechnology r & d company , focused on the commercialization of new and groundbreaking stem ce | | technologies . the company has focused its initia | efforts on the launch of an innovative aduitcryogenic stem cell bank which wil | store stem cell tissues for use in treatment of future diseases and aiiments . the company plans to launch its initia | cryogenic stem cel | facilities in mid - 2005 , and is additiona | | y exploring opportunities for commerciaiization of new technoiogies in tissue management , stem cell research instrumentation , and bio - systems monitoring . with impending estabiishment of an aduitstem cel | cryobank , research efforts at the forefront of the stem cel | market , and experienced management team , we expect bio - matrix scientific grp . to emerge as the newest and most dynamic player in the explosive stem cel | research market . investment highlights : bmxg is exceptionally wel | positioned at the forefront of one of the most exciting new frontiers in biotech - stem ce | | research . while stem ce | | therapy is stil | a new concept , expectations are high with research firm visiongain estimating that stem cel | product revenues will exceed lo biliion by 2013 . recentiy , caiifornia voters approved proposition 71 , a landmark piece of | egislation that provides 3 billion in stem cell funding over the next decade . with its initia | focus on the establishment of stem ceil cryogenic stem cell storage faciiities , bmxg is well situated in a growing and commercialiy successfu | market . there are more than 10 major cord biood banks in the world , preserving ce | | s from more than 35 , ooo donors . viace | | has estimated that this market is 1 . 2 bi | | ion in the us and over 2 biilion woridwide . as the pubiic understanding of stem cell benefits improves , we expect this niche market to enjoy exponential growth . as the foremost stem cel | banker focused on the storage of adultstem - ceil growth bmxg is a trendsetter in this market . bmxg is making aggressive entry into the stem ce | | instrumentation market with development of new medical devices specifically designed to facilitate the removal and transpiant of stem ce | | s . the company is in the process of securing patent protection for its inte | | ectua | properties , and we expect this to prove a major growth catalyst for bmxg going forward . the company benefits from a surprisingly strong ( for a pink sheets company ) and experienced management team , who have combined financia | acumen with scientific savvy to present a unique and promising mode | for growth in the stem ce | | market . the company ' s senior management team , helmed by david koos , phd , has extensive experience in capita | financing and public company management , while its research efforts under dr . philip watts ( phd - caitech ) are involved in the newest academic research into stem ceil . investment conciusion : projected valuation : 3 . 50 per share wail street has been quick to the react to the potential of stem cel | research and stem ceil stocks are outperforming a | | of the major biotech indices . leading stem cell research companies such as stemcells , inc . ( stem ) , aastrom biosciences ( astr ) , and cryo - cel | ( ccel ) have witnessed average 52 week share price appreciation of over 230 % ! with its enviabie position in stem ceil research , strong management team , and cryobank operations , we think bmxg has the potential to demonstrate this type of performance over the coming year , and urge you to consider adding bmxg to your portfolio today . good luck and successfu | trading . this pubiication is an independent publication with the goal of giving investors the necessary knowiedge to make rational and profitable investment decisions . this publication does not provide an analysis of the companys financial position and is not an solicitation to purchase or sel | securities investing in securities is speculative and carries risk . it is advisabie that any investment should be made after consulting with your investment expert and after reviewing the financia | statements of the company . the information in this report is beiieved to be reiiabie , but its accuracy cannot be assured . past performance does not insure simiiar future resuits . this is not purported to be a compiete and thorough analysis of the featured company and reccomends a complete review of the company ' s reguiatory fiiings at secgov the information herein contains future looking statements and information within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 e of the securities exchange act of 1934 , including statements regarding expected continual growth of the featured company . any statements that express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions , expectations , beliefs , pians , projections , objectives , goals , assumptions or future events or performance are not statements of historica | fact and may be future looking statements . future looking statements are based on expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made that involve a number of risks and uncertainties which couid cause actual results or events to differ materia | | y from those presently anticipated . future looking statements in this action may be identified through the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates , estimates , beiieves , understands , or that by statements indicating certain actions may , couid , or might occur . the publisher discioses the receipt of six thousand doilars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate sharehoider of the company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . al | factual information in this report was gathered from public sources , inciuding but not | imited to company web sites , sec filings and company press releases . this information is beiieved to be reliabie but can make no absolute certainty as to its accuracy or compieteness . as with many microcap stocks , todays company has additional risk factors worth noting . those factors may inciude an accumuiated deficit since its inception , a negative net worth , reliance on | oans from officers , directors and a majority sharehoider to pay expenses , nominal cash and the need to raise capital . the company may have a going concern opinion from its auditor . use of the materia | within this newsletter constitutes your acceptance of the terms in this closing statement . if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been wrongfully placed in our list , please go here ( - stoxo 011 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: revised eastrans nomination effective march 1 , 2001 effective 3 / 1 / 01 , the deliveries into eastrans will be 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy the redeliveries will be : 7300 mmbtu / dy from fuels cotton valley 22700 mmbtu / dy into pg & e - - - - - forwarded by marta k henderson / houston / pefs / pec on 02 / 23 / 01 04 : 08 pm - - - - - marta k henderson to : darrel f . bane / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , john a . bretz / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , chad w . cass / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , michael r . 02 / 22 / 01 cherry / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , william e . speckels / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , donna 03 : 13 pm c . spencer / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , julia a . urbanek / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , briley @ enron . com , dfarmer @ enron . com , carlos . j . rodriguez @ enron . com , connie wester / easttexas / pefs / pec @ pec , ronald c . douglas / gcs / cec / pec @ pec , daniel c rider / houston / pefs / pec @ pec , john c lehman / field / pefs / pec @ pec , donna j dobb / houston / pefs / pec @ pec , sharon beemer / houston / pefs / pec @ pec , lee c . spivey / field / pefs / pec @ pec cc : subject : eastrans nomination effective march 1 , 2001 effective 3 / 1 / 01 , the deliveries into eastrans will be 30 , 000 mmbtu / dy the redeliveries will be : 19500 mmbtu / dy from fuels cotton valley 10500 mmbtu / dy into pg & e 
2	Subject: gulf plains imbalance update : i spoke with mike bilberry and confirmed that this deal really is energy in / energy out . we should not be impacted in any way by a reallocation to correct pvr percentages or a c 5 correction at the plant . hpl / ena should rereceive the same volume , dth for dth at the residue or at a redelivery point such as lobo / agua . i have left a message for my counterpart at duke and am requesting that they deliver to us , somewhere , an additional 20 , 125 dth / day for the month of december to balance us out . please let me know if you have any questions or comments . i will advise everyone upon their agreement to payback so that our respective positions reflect the additional supply . mary 
2	Subject: g ! ft $ hoppers w ! n c @ sh the garden of e $ 210 , 000 cash give away click here for details gifts for everyone , everyday of the year theg ardenofe . com click here if you are unable to view this message this message is sent to you in compliance with the federal can - spam bill and the electronic commerce ( ec directive ) regulations of 2004 . this is a commercial email which includes an unsubscribe method for remove processing as mandated by law . footer also includes the sender ' s information . quantum international 5985 s . university dr . # 138 davie , florida 33328 to be excluded from future mailings , please reply to this email with " rem " in the subject line  
2	Subject: aggressive stock traders aiert the stock watch alert newsletter attn : subscribers , analysts , stockbrokers quest oil ' s mission is to deliver a competitive and sustainable rate of return for our shareholders by acquiring , exploring and developing oil and gas properties around the world . now that oil and gas has entered a | ong - term bul | market , our speciaity in pinpointing the hottest companies of the few remaining undervalued energy piays has produced soaring returns . quest oil corporation ( qoil ) hastargeted oi | and gas exploration in both north america and internationaliy . the company is focused on acquiring quality oi | and gas properties in regions that provide economicaliy and poiitica | | y stable environments . quest is currently involved in projects both on the internationa | front , and on the domestic side . company profile : company : quest oil corporation symbol : qoil current price : $ o . 36 float : under 4 miliion shares description : domestic oil and gas expioration . how much it wil | up again ? 2 times ? 3 or more . . ? in addition to quest ' s oil and gas expioration and production , technoiogy is another significant focus of the company . the acquisition and deveiopment of technoiogy related to the exploration and production of oi | and gas is a vita | eiement of quest oil ' s business , and piays central roie in our operations . the roie of technology in the oi | and gas market is critical and provides a strategic advantage to the future of quest oil . quest oi | corporation was carefully deveioped through determination and hard work . by evaluating our risks , and maintaining a strict ethica | standard . the quest team has successfuily provided excelient value to our sharehoiders . we have assembied a world class team of personne | , who in turn have helped to create a highly charged atmosphere of success . as a result , quest has been able to attract as we | | as retain some of the top people in the oil gas industry . our commitment to a sound ethica | code of conduct refiects a belief in the fundamental principies of honesty , loyalty , fairness and forthrightness that is shared throughout this organization . aiready shares in the oi | and gas sector are rising faster than the overal | market . in fact , four of dow jones ' ten top performing industry sectors for the past year are energy related . but it ' s in the mid - sized explorers and developers | ike ( qoil ) that the biggest gains are being made . in the last 12 months , many of these stocks made triple and even quadrupie returns . our subscribers need to pay particuiariy ciose attention to undervalued qoil shares , because it won ' t be a bargain for long . this smal | company with a comparably sma | | market value , is sitting on a bonanza of oil and gas reserves - an unrecognized bonus for investors especialiy with the daily jump in energy prices . but al | that wil | change in a few short weeks , as these reserves move into production , bringing an expiosion of cash that is expected to capture the attention of the market , and have an equa | | y explosive effect on the share price . what wil | the cash fiow from these projects do for the price of quest oil s ' shares ? weil we do know this - the great thing about investing in qoil is that your gains don ' t depend on further increases in the price of oil and gas . even if energy prices stay flat , or deciine slightly , you wiil stil | make a very healthy return . of course , energy prices are expected to continue their meteoric rise over the next year or so as predicted , meaning the vaiue of qoi | ' s assets and earnings wil | soar even higher . in that case , the reward for investors will be staggering . overa | | , we consider qoil to be one of the | ast outstanding energy piays in the oil and gas sector . once this discovery has been reaiized , qoil shares wiil surge sharply on heavy investor attention . we have identified this discovery for immediate accumuiation . qoi | ' s oil and gas reserves are wel | established and are going into massive production . eariy investors wi | | secure optimum gains , and any additiona | news in this area will realiy turn up the heat , causing us to revise our targets upward in next week ' s builetin . oi | and gas advisory ( oga ) is not a investment expert . certain statements contained in this newsietter may be future - | ooking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 . such terms as expect , believe , may , wil | , and intend or simiiar terms may identify these statements . past - performance is not an indicator of future - resuits . this is not an expert to acquire or sel | securities . oga isan independent pubiication that was paid fifteen thousand do | | ars by a third party for the continuing coverage and dissemination of this company information . investors are suggested to seek proper guidance from afinancia | expert . investors should use the information provided in this newsletter as a starting point for gathering additional information on the profiled company to aliow the investor to form their own opinion regarding investment . if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been wrongfuliy placed in our membership , piease go here or send a blank e mai | with no thanks in the subject to ( - stock 25 @ yahoo . com - ) 
2	Subject: fw : dynegy vs . enron : a tale of two companies this had to come up at some point . - r - - - - - original message - - - - - from : issuealert @ scientech . com [ mailto : issuealert @ scientech . com ] sent : wednesday , october 24 , 2001 12 : 19 pm to : issuealerthtml @ listserv . scientech . com subject : dynegy vs . enron : a tale of two companies today ' s issuealert sponsors : scientech is currently interviewing 1 , 500 utilities on cis / crm and customer care in the united states and canada to determine : the leading software providers drivers of utility technology decisions analysis of license sales versus asp sales new market opportunities growing / shrinking software markets download a sample prospectus for an introduction to this new survey at : and contact jon brock at 505 - 244 - 7607 for more details . electric power system & natural gas system maps are available from scientech , inc . click here for full descriptions and prices of electric and gas maps . october 24 , 2001 dynegy vs . enron : a " tale of two companies " by will mcnamara director , electric industry analysis facts : dynegy inc . ( nyse : dyn ) beat expectations in the third quarter , reporting that its earnings rose to $ 286 million , or 85 cents per diluted share , from $ 177 million , or 55 cents per diluted share , for the same period in 2000 . this represented a 22 - percent increase from 3 q 2000 and boosted the company ' s 2001 earnings estimate . dynegy has a market capitalization of $ 14 . 5 billion . its stock is currently trading at about $ 43 down from a 52 - week high of $ 59 , although it is important to note that for year - end 2000 the company ' s stock was one of the top performers among standard dynegy , on the other hand , not only believes in the ownership of physical assets , but has set a goal that could ultimately establish the company as owning one of the largest generation arsenals in the industry . let ' s look at the companies separately . we ' ll discuss enron first since it is the older of the two . enron readily admits that its strategy is difficult to define , but a close approximation is that enron literally creates commodity markets so that it can deliver physical commodities to customers . the participation and success in commodity markets , according to enron , does not necessitate ownership of physical assets . in fact , the company has routinely sold physical assets that are not considered to be strategic to its wholesale business . rather , enron has concentrated on developing a new philosophy of risk management excellence , in which it will merely buy and sell the commodities it needs to participate in trading venues . as an example , enron bought portland general ( which owns 2 , 000 mw of generation and 41 , 600 kilometers of electric t & d lines ) in 1996 as a way to launch its penetration of the west coast power markets . when competition fizzled in that region , enron put portland general back on the sales block ( a sale of portland general to northwest natural is pending at this writing ) . likewise in europe , where it is one of the most prominent trading companies , enron has disposed of generation assets such as sutton bridge in england and , unlike other u . s . competitors , has refrained from buying additional generating units in opening countries such as germany and italy . according to its most recent 10 k report filed with the securities and exchange commission , enron owns or controls 2 , 015 mw of generating capacity ( including joint ownerships ) , which is drastically lower than the average among other companies operating in the power trading sector . dynegy ' s approach to the market is crystal clear and radically different from enron ' s . in the words of ceo chuck watson , " dynegy ' s long - term strategy is to focus on marketing and trading around physical assets , which supports earnings sustainability . " ever since going public in 1995 , dynegy has been on an acquisition binge , with each purchase significantly increasing its generation capability . dynegy presently owns or controls about 27 , 000 mw of generating capacity in the united states , 26 gas - processing plants and 14 , 000 miles of pipelines , which are located in geographically competitive areas . the company ' s goal is to own or control 70 , 000 mw , or 10 percent of the u . s . market , within the next five years . sometimes , dynegy has acquired assets through partnerships with other companies such as nrg energy , but just as often it has purchased assets independently . most notably , when dynegy acquired illinova in early 2000 , the purchase doubled dynegy ' s generating capacity . dynegy is now attempting to replicate this approach in europe , where it is presently planning to purchase natural - gas storage facilities in england . dynegy executives have argued that natural - gas storage is the best way to back up a natural - gas trading operation . there ' s no question that the approach is working . out of the $ 286 million that dynegy reported in the third quarter , $ 263 million of it came from the company ' s main wholesale business . the issue of asset ownership is probably the central defining difference between enron and dynegy , and its significance should not be overlooked . it is not difficult to make a case that supports dynegy ' s approach . owning physical assets often enables a trading company to gain information in the course of operating power plants that can help the company to gauge markets and anticipate small changes in price . in other words , by controlling the actual output of generation instead of just being involved in buys and sells , a trader such as dynegy will theoretically know what the load is going to be in a particular region , how much power can be produced to meet that load and when shortages might occur . in addition , in markets that are short on infrastructure , it may be difficult for a trader to participate in the market unless they actually have ownership of physical assets in the region . by the same token , those companies that do control physical assets often have greater communication with grid operators , and possible insight to spreads ( the difference between various energy prices ) . in fact , dynegy ' s ceo watson fully acknowledges that his company excels at being able to trade around the volatility of price , and being capable of resolving balances when shortages exist . this may be more difficult for a company such as enron to accomplish when it has no physical generation of its own to meet discrepancies in power bids . dynegy ' s strategy of acquiring both natural - gas pipelines and power plants also gives it the flexibility to trade on both commodities . on the other side of this argument , a case could be made that enron ' s approach provides more flexibility in reacting to trading volatility . certainly , by investing less in power generation facilities , enron has less capital on the line when compared to a company like dynegy . under a scenario when market prices suddenly drop , a company such as enron that does not have heavy capital invested in power generation could actually fare better than an asset - laden company because enron does not face the pressure to meet the fixed payments of a generation facility . asset - heavy companies also may find that their earnings could be impacted by the investment in generation facilities in times of extreme price volatility . as the industry becomes increasingly focused on bottom - line results , this could be seen as a potential concern for investors . further , some would argue that enron ' s approach of establishing purchasing contracts with various parties to meet its buy and sell requirements is the rough equivalent of owning a generation facility . what enron gains by this approach is the presumed flexibility it has by not being tied down to a specific generation unit and being able to build its own portfolio . consequently , the issue of asset ownership can perhaps be considered the " great debate " among power traders . however , although dynegy ' s overall performance in the third quarter was better than enron ' s , that does not necessarily provide a clear endorsement of dynegy ' s strategy toward acquiring new generation facilities . keep in mind that enron ' s 3 q losses resulted primarily from non - recurring charges related to its non - core businesses ( broadband and water in particular ) . without these charges , enron ' s core wholesale trading business continues to perform well . this is a point that ceo ken lay has been quick to reiterate to investors . " our 26 - percent increase in recurring earnings per diluted share shows the very strong results of our core wholesale and retail energy businesses and our natural - gas pipelines , " lay said . " the continued excellent prospects in these businesses and enron ' s leading market position make us very confident in our strong earnings outlook . " moreover , perhaps even more than ownership of physical assets , the key issue that played a role in the current disparity between dynegy and enron earnings in the third quarter is the companies ' approach to developing new lines of business . telecom is a perfect example to illustrate the point . enron , which prides itself as usually gaining a first - strike advantage , plunged into the telecom sector well ahead of other energy companies . under the leadership of then - ceo jeffrey skilling , enron sunk large sums of capital into purchasing broadband capacity on the expectation that the market would quickly become lucrative . now lay admits that the company " could have gotten into the broadband business with less capital " and that enron " spent too much too soon " in this sector . nevertheless , enron recorded an $ 80 - million non - recurring write - down for restructuring its broadband unit in the third quarter and is presently attempting to stop the bleeding in this sector by reducing future costs in this sector to $ 40 million a quarter . dynegy took a much more cautious approach toward expanding into the telecom sector and made a comparatively small amount of investment when compared to enron . dynegy has likewise been impacted by the slowdown of the telecom sector , but in the third quarter took a $ 15 - million loss in its broadband business compared to the $ 80 - million loss that enron reported . however , dynegy clearly specializes in marketing and trading two commodities ( electricity and natural gas ) and seems to add other businesses in a very methodical way that merely supplements its core business . it is also important to note that enron gained the first - strike advantage when it developed enrononline , an electronic trading exchange . in fact , enron was the first to create such an exchange in the energy space , well ahead of its competitors . dynegy later followed this trend with creating dynegydirect . the two exchanges are different in terms of their trading standards , but it is important to acknowledge that in this particular case enron was successful in launching into the electronic trading space well ahead of its competitors . the latest available information indicates that enrononline has recorded transactions that exceed $ 590 in notional value . since its inception in november 2000 , dynegydirect has recorded $ 33 billion in notional transactions . at this juncture , dynegy and enron are very different with regard to their approaches toward financial reporting . enron , which has often been accused of not providing a balance sheet to investors , is currently struggling from a serious image problem as the securities and exchange commission pursues an investigation of possible mishandling of funds by enron ' s cfo . to my recollection , no one has ever accused dynegy of not providing a balance sheet , and thus the company ' s status with investors is arguably more solid . as i don ' t expect either company to radically alter its competitive strategy any time soon , my projection is that ( at least in the near term ) , we will continue to see a wide disparity in wall street performance between dynegy and enron . that is not to say that anyone should count enron out of the game . as noted , the company ' s core business of wholesale business remains strong , but clearly has been tainted by the impact of other non - core businesses . that doesn ' t mean enron is down permanently , but it will have to find a way to strike a better balance between the businesses that it does best and those businesses that former ceo jeffrey skilling believed were advantageous . in many ways , the comparison between dynegy and enron is rather like the tortoise and the hare parable . i am sure you can guess which company is the tortoise and which is the hare in this analogy . the race between the two is far from over , although dynegy is taking the lead at this point , based on its more methodical approach . what will be fascinating to observe is how both companies continue to adapt to changes in the marketplace and possibly modify what up to this point have been adamantly espoused philosophies . _ _ _ _ _ correction statement to 10 / 23 issuealert on european trading : according to a news report from reuters , the u . s . - owned entergy - koch trading was listed as a publicly traded company . i was informed by my contact at entergy that entergy - koch trading is a limited partnership company and not publicly traded . i apologize for any confusion this error might have caused . _ _ _ _ _ an archive list of previous issuealerts is available at www . scientech . com we encourage our readers to contact us with their comments . we look forward to hearing from you . nancy spring reach thousands of utility analysts and decision makers every day . your company can schedule a sponsorship of issuealert by contacting jane pelz . advertising opportunities are also available on our website . our staff is comprised of leading energy experts with diverse backgrounds in utility generation , transmission & distribution , retail markets , new technologies , i / t , renewable energy , regulatory affairs , community relations and international issues . contact consulting @ scientech . com or call nancy spring at 1 - 505 - 244 - 7613 . scientech is pleased to provide you with your free , daily issuealert . let us know if we can help you with in - depth analyses or any other scientech information products . if you would like to refer a colleague to receive our free , daily issuealerts , please reply to this e - mail and include their full name and e - mail address or register directly on our site . if you no longer wish to receive this daily e - mail , and you are currently a registered subscriber to issuealert via scientech ' s website , please visit to unsubscribe . otherwise , please send an e - mail to to issuealert , with " delete ia subscription " in the subject line . scientech ' s issuealerts ( sm ) are compiled based on the independent analysis of scientech consultants . the opinions expressed in scientech ' s issuealerts are not intended to predict financial performance of companies discussed , or to be the basis for investment decisions of any kind . scientech ' s sole purpose in publishing its issuealerts is to offer an independent perspective regarding the key events occurring in the energy industry , based on its long - standing reputation as an expert on energy issues . copyright 2001 . scientech , inc . all rights reserved .  
2	Subject: rider please see the attached memo . regards , rob 
2	Subject: the best thing come in large parcels spur - m formula increase sperm production 500 % shoot five times your load and have longer more satisfying orgasms . complete satisfaction fully guaranteed by the industry leader - it is a money - back guarantee that has never been needed by any of our our million customers ! this is what the world ' s top porn stars use for their huge effects ! http : / / friggings . net / spur / ? cheapgeneric 
2	Subject: perfect logo charset  koi 8 - r " > thinking of breathing new life into your business ? start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity . logodentity offers creative custom design of loqos , stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketinq toois wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business and make you stand out amonq the competitors . you are just a ciick away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork , check our prices and hot offers 
